> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dunhamssports.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161016215039id_/http%3A//www.dunhamssports.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Dunham's Sports

**_Dunham’s Values Your Privacy_**

Dunham’s Athleisure Corporation, dba Dunham’s Sports (“Dunham’s”, “us”, “our” or “we”), values and respects your right to privacy.  This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of the dunhamssports.com website and various related services (collectively, “site”). Please read the information contained in the Privacy Policy to learn how your information is collected, used and distributed when you use this site.  You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the site terms of use.  By accessing or using our site, you agree to be bound by all related terms and conditions.  If you do not agree to any of the terms, please do not access or use Dunham’s site.

**_Your Personal Information Is Not Sold, Rented, Swapped or Traded_**

At Dunham’s, we understand users of the site need to control their personal information, which may include but not be limited to name, address, phone number(s), e-mail address and other personal identifying information.  Dunham’s does not sell, rent, swap or trade any of this information to third parties. Dunham’s does provide some of its services through arrangements with affiliates, service providers and similar third parties.  Dunham’s and such parties may use such personal information to operate Dunham’s site and deliver Dunham’s services.  For example, Dunham’s must provide your e-mail address to the service provider that allows us to send you special offers and services you may have chosen to receive.  Dunham’s will also disclose any information as may be required or otherwise justified under federal, state or local laws and regulations.

**_Types of Information Collected and Collection Methods_**

In order to better meet your diverse needs, Dunham’s will collect various pieces of information to facilitate and enhance your use of this site.  Information collected may include personally identifiable information you choose to provide us.  By engaging in certain activities on the site, Dunham’s may ask you to provide certain information, including but not limited to name, address, phone number(s), e-mail address and other personal identifying information.  This information may be collected at those times when you fill out and submit an on-line form, register your e-mail for special offers and services, enter a contest or sweepstakes, sign up for Dunham’s Team Program, participate in Dunham’s blog community and other activities that may be available on the site from time to time.  Depending on the site activity, some of the information collected may be identified as mandatory and some as voluntary.  If you choose not to provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Certain aspects of Dunham’s site invoke a standard feature found in browser software called “cookies.”  A cookie is a small data file, which a web site stores on your electronic data storage device (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us.  Cookies enhance your use of the site, allow the site to operate more effectively and assist us in the maintenance of a secure site.  The information collected may also include information such as the website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) from which you just came, the URL to which you go, what browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.  If your browser permits you to do so, you may decline our cookies, but some parts of the site may not operate properly with such a choice. Cookies, Web beacons or tags may be used for interest based third-party advertisements in which case non-personally identifiable information may be collected. This information may be used regarding visits to our websites and other websites. The information collected and used by this process is always anonymous and does not enable any third-party to identify you individually.

**_E-Mail_**

Upon registering your e-mail address with this site, you will from time to time receive e-mail updates, special offers, notices, invitations, product announcements or other such information from Dunham’s.  At any time, you can choose to remove your name from our e-mail list by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the email.

**_Data Security_**

Dunham’s has secured the information it collects with certain physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to the information, as well as to maintain the integrity of the information. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed 100% secure.  While we strive to protect your information, you acknowledge (a) there are security and privacy limitations on the Internet beyond our control, (b) the security, integrity and privacy of information exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed, and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.

**_Children’s Privacy_**

Dunham’s understands how important it is to protect the privacy of children. Therefore, Dunham’s does not knowingly collect personal information from children, and no part of its website is intended to solicit or collect such information from children.

**_Links to Other Sites_**

Dunham’s sites may include links to other web sites with privacy policies Dunham’s doesn’t control.  Once you leave our site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the web site you are visiting, which may differ from Dunham’s.  Dunham’s is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such web sites.

**_Updating and Correcting Your Information_**

You may request to update and/or correct your information by contacting us at the “Contact Us” link at dunhamssports.com.  Please include your name, address and e-mail when you contact us.  You may request to have your information removed;  
however, past transactions and communications cannot be deleted.  In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information remaining on backup storage media.

**_Blog Community_**

Dunham’s blog community may be monitored.  Statements or exchanges considered antagonistic, obscene, libelous, defamatory, harassing, discriminatory or otherwise inappropriate by blog administrators may not be posted or may be deleted, as such statements or exchanges do not contribute to the environment of discussion the blog community aspires to create. You also acknowledge that postings in the blog community may be viewed by all visitors to the site; consequently, you have no expectation of privacy with regard to such postings.

**_Privacy Policy Updates_**

As Dunham’s site grows and technology improves, Dunham’s Privacy Policy will be updated on the site.  Please review the policy frequently for updates and changes.  You will be deemed to have agreed with any such updates or changes by your continued use of the site.

**_Applicable Law_**

This site (excluding any linked web sites) is owned and controlled by Dunham’s from its offices within the State of Michigan, United States of America.  By accessing this web site, both Dunham’s and you agree that the applicable statutes and laws of the United States of America and State of Michigan will apply to all matters relating to this web site, without regard to conflict of laws. In addition, you agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in Michigan courts located in Oakland County, Michigan, or as the case may be, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (Southern Division).

**_Online Information_**

The information contained on the Dunham’s Sports website ([Dunhams.com](http://www.dunhamssports.com/)) is intended to generally inform customers of our product offering at our store locations.  Although we intend for the information to be accurate and current, typographical errors, pricing errors, seasonal changes and regional differences may exist leading to details that may be inaccurate, incomplete or dated.  As such, products may be unavailable, may have different attributes, or may carry a different price.  Dunham’s reserved the right to refuse or cancel orders at our store locations if a product is listed at the incorrect price.  Additionally, we reserve the right to make product changes (features, pricing, content etc.) at any time without notice.

**_Consumer Protection  
_**

Dunham’s Sports does occasionally sponsor/promote contests and sweepstakes.  These may involve e-mail, social media, text message campaigns, etc.   At any time, however, please be aware that there are scams and non-legitimate contests, sweepstakes or surveys that may spoof retailers not in any way affiliated with the retailer (including Dunham’s Sports).  As a result, please feel free to [bring to our attention](http://www.dunhamssports.com/contact-us/) any communication that does not appear to be legitimate from Dunham’s Sports.  Please visit [http://michigan.gov/ag/0,4534,7-164-17337_20942-151331–,00.html](http://michigan.gov/ag/0,4534,7-164-17337_20942-151331--,00.html) for additional information.

**_Dunham’s Sport’s Sweepstakes  
_**

To be eligible to win a Dunham’s Sweepstakes you have to sign up at the corresponding sweepstakes url during the designated sweepstakes period. It’s free and easy to enter. Winners will be randomly selected from all eligible entries to each win the corresponding sweepstakes prize(s). NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received during promotional period. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. Void in Rhode Island. Winners will be selected at random from all eligible submissions. Sweepstakes open only to legal residents of the United States or the District of Columbia, who are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older at time of entry. Sponsor’s computer will be the official time-keeping device for the sweepstakes. The Sponsor: Dunham’s Sports, 5607 New King Drive, Suite #125, Troy, Michigan 48098.

As an alternative form of entry, print your full name, date of birth, email address, street address (including city, state and zip code) and day and evening telephone numbers on one side of a 3” x 5” index card and mail it to: Dunham’s Sports, ATTN: [Name of current Sweepstakes] 5607 New King Drive, Suite #125, Troy, Michigan, 48098. Any alternative means of entry must be received by Sponsor by the end of the Sweepstakes Period. Sweepstakes winners will be randomly selected and contacted at the conclusion of the sweepstakes, via phone and/or email.

Sweepstakes is open to all legal residents of the U.S., at least 18 years old at time of entry. The Sweepstakes is void where prohibited or restricted by law. Void in Rhode Island. Affiliates, directors, advertising and promotional agencies, and the immediate family (spouse, parent, sibling, child, grandparent or grandchild) and/or household members of the Sponsor, and any persons referenced in this paragraph are ineligible to participate in the Sweepstakes or win any prize. The Sweepstakes is sponsored by Dunham’s Sports (“Sponsor”). Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, ineligible, damaged or misdirected entries or any typographical or other errors in the entry, printing of the offer, administration of the Sweepstakes or in the announcement of the prize. Incomplete entry forms will be considered void.

Potential winners will be determined by random selection in Troy, Michigan from among all eligible entries received. Potential winners will be notified by phone and/or e-mail. To be eligible to receive a prize, potential winners must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules, and the awarding of prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements. Prior to receiving a prize, within 48 hours of receipt of notification from Sponsor, potential winners will be required to provide tax identification numbers and other information reasonably necessary to enable Sponsor to fulfill any tax reporting requirements and confirm in writing in a form reasonably required by Sponsor that potential winners and/or their guests meet the eligibility requirements of section 2, above, and may, at Sponsor’s discretion, be required to complete and return an affidavit of eligibility, liability release, and except where prohibited by law, a publicity release form (“affidavit/release”), or such other documentation as Sponsor may deem reasonably necessary. If a potential winner cannot be contacted, declines the prize, is not eligible to accept the prize, or fails to provide the information referred to above or other information that may be required by law within the required time period, he/she shall be deemed to have forfeited the prize. In the event that a potential winner is disqualified for any reason, Sponsor may, at their sole discretion, award the prize(s) to an alternate winner by random drawing from among all remaining eligible entries received. Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. Verified winners will be responsible for all federal, state and local taxes and fees and all other expenses associated with prize receipt and/or use that are not expressly included in the prize description. No cash or other substitution, assignment or transfer of any prizes permitted, except by Sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute prizes or prize components with cash or another prize of comparable or greater value. Sponsor is solely responsible for providing elements of prizes to winners.

All prizes are subject to availability. No substitution or cash equivalent of prizes permitted, except at sole discretion of Sponsor. Sponsor may substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Sponsor may change the number of prizes awarded in its sole discretion. No prize transfers permitted, except at Sponsor’s discretion. Winners are solely responsible for any expenses and any other costs not described as part of their prize. Federal, state and local taxes are the sole responsibility of winner. Prizes to be redeemed on a mutually agreed-upon date between all parties involved. If any activity relating to any prize is canceled or postponed for any reason, the balance of that prize will be awarded in full satisfaction of the prize award.

Except where prohibited, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes winner’s consent to Sponsor to use their names, likenesses, photographs, voices, opinions associated with the event, hometowns and states for promotional purposes in any media without further payment or consideration. Such publicity shall be conducted in accordance with all relevant Dunham’s Sports privacy policies.

Sponsor reserves the right to cancel or modify the Sweepstakes if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity of the Sweepstakes, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. In such event, Sponsor reserves the right to award the prize at random from among the eligible entries received up to the time of the impairment. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual they find to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, or in any manner which violates applicable laws, rules or regulations, including those of the Sponsor. Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage any website or undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.

BY ENTERING THIS SWEEPSTAKES, EACH ENTRANT AND WINNER AGREES TO RELEASE, DISCHARGE, AND INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS, SPONSOR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES, FROM AND AGAINST ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OF ACTION OF ANY KIND OR OTHER LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES, INJURY OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND, TO ANY PERSON RESULTING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM ACCEPTANCE, POSSESSION, MISUSE OR USE OF ANY PRIZE OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SWEEPSTAKES-RELATED ACTIVITY, INCLUDING ANY TRAVEL RELATED THERETO, OR PARTICIPATION IN THIS SWEEPSTAKES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, AND/OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, AS WELL AS CLAIMS BASED ON PUBLICITY RIGHTS, DEFAMATION, UNAUTHORIZED OR ILLEGAL ACCESS TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR SENSITIVE INFORMATION, AND/OR INVASION OF PRIVACY.

Each entrant agrees that: (i) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the courts of appropriate jurisdiction in the state of Michigan; (ii) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Sweepstakes but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (iii) under no circumstances will entrants be permitted to obtain awards for and entrants hereby waive all rights to claim punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsors in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Michigan or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Michigan.

SPONSOR: Dunham’s Sports, 5607 New King Drive, Suite #125, Troy, Michigan 48098.

**_Questions_**

If you have any questions or comments regarding Dunham’s policy, please contact us at the “[Contact Us](http://www.dunhamssports.com/contact-us/)” link at dunhamssports.com.
