> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stocklayouts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630080728id_/http%3A//www.stocklayouts.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StockLayouts | Privacy Policy

StockLayouts LLC respects your ability to make informed choices about the collection and uses of your personal information. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and uses of information that identifies you personally so that you can make an informed choice about using this site. The terms of this policy apply to www.stocklayouts.com unless different terms are otherwise specified in a form or contract provided to you by us. 

The websites of our third party content providers may have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here, and we encourage you to become familiar with them. This site is operated by StockLayouts LLC in the United States. By using this website, you understand and agree that (1) the information collected from this site may be retained indefinitely, and may be stored, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction; (2) StockLayouts LLC may use this information for a variety of purposes including direct marketing (unless you opt out of receiving direct marketing from StockLayouts LLC); and (3) unless you opt out of disclosing your personal information to a third party, StockLayouts LLC may disclose this information to affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third party content providers and necessary payment processors, whose privacy policies and practices may be different from those of StockLayouts LLC, and for which StockLayouts LLC assumes no responsibility. 

**What We Collect.**  
When you visit this website, some information, such as the site that referred you to us, your IP and email address, and navigational and purchase information, may be collected automatically as part of the site's operation. This information is used to generate user profiles and to personalize the web site to your particular interests. On some occasions we may ask you to provide information on online forms. For example, we may ask for your user name, password, place of birth, full name, telephone number, email address and postal address, or other information to register online, or for your credit card number or other personally identifying information to fulfill licensing transactions or to receive products or services. 

Whenever you are asked to provide personal information, we will notify you of the purposes for taking such information, usually at the point when the information is collected. Providing information on online forms is always voluntary, and you are free not to complete any online forms. If you choose not to, however, some products and services may not be available to you. We will let you know when certain information is required to carry out the service requested, usually by placing an asterisk or some other designation next to required information (or by letting you know when certain information requested is optional). 

**How We Use It.**  
The information collected online is stored indefinitely and is used for various purposes, including processing your transactions, customer service, product and service development, responding to your inquiries, direct marketing and marketing analysis and facilitating your use of this website. Unless you tell us otherwise, the information we collect may be shared with our subsidiaries, agents, third party content providers, affiliates and selected other entities for similar purposes. 

**Your Choices.**  
You may choose not to allow us to disclose information to third parties for purposes other than providing the requested service by selecting the appropriate box at the time of data disclosure, or by sending an email to [info@stocklayouts.com](mailto:info@stocklayouts.com). In addition, unless you opt out of receiving promotional materials from us, we may notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may be of interest. You may choose not to receive promotional information from StockLayouts LLC by checking the appropriate box at the time of information collection or at a later time by sending an email to [info@stocklayouts.com](mailto:info@stocklayouts.com). (Please note that you may still receive such material from third party content providers, affiliates and other parties to whom we provide your information in the course of doing business.) If you would like to review or revise information you previously provided on an online form, or believe that what we currently have on record is incorrect, you may access, update, or delete your information in the My Account section of this website. If for some reason you are unable to access your data online, you may send an email to [info@stocklayouts.com](mailto:info@stocklayouts.com), requesting that we update your information for you. 

**Other Disclosures.**  
We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers or the public. 

**Cookies.**  
When you visit stocklayouts.com, we may place a text file, called a cookie, in the browser directory of your computer's hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve. Cookies do not contain your personal information. The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, your registration information and your navigational and purchase activity. Cookies offer you many conveniences. They allow StockLayouts LLC, and certain third party content providers, to recognize information, and so can determine what content is best suited to your needs. Cookies also allow you to retrieve previous image search results and view your previous invoices. The domain name of the site server transmitting the cookies is stocklayouts.com. 

Most browsers allow you to decline cookies, but if you elect to do so, these pages may not display properly. While cookies will be stored in your hard drive for your next visit with us, you are free to delete cookies after your session, and your browser should contain instructions on how to do this. 

**Links to Other Websites.**  
The sites to which we link, including but not limited to the sites of third party content providers, may have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit personal information. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of linked sites and encourage you to become acquainted with them. 

**Safeguarding Your Information.**  
StockLayouts LLC uses reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of third parties. 

**Policy Regarding Minors.**  
We do not intend to collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you should not enter information on this website and should ask a parent to do so for you. 

**Notice to European Union Member Citizens and Residents:**  
If you are located outside of the United States of America, please note that StockLayouts LLC is not a participant of the Safe Harbor program of the U.S. Department of Commerce. Nonetheless, StockLayouts LLC has made every effort possible to comply with the European Union Commission's guidelines and directives on privacy protection. 

**Contacting Us.**  
If at any time you believe that we have not followed the above policy, or would like more information regarding your privacy protection, please let us know by sending an email to [info@stocklayouts.com](mailto:info@stocklayouts.com) or by writing to us at 11075 SW Sage Terrace, Tigard, Oregon 97223, Attn: Privacy Policy. We will make reasonable efforts to identify and correct any problem. 

We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time, but will not do so without posting the revised policy on this website. We encourage you to review this privacy policy whenever you visit our website to make sure you understand how we use the information we collect. 
