> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stockgumshoe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606185759id_/http%3A//www.stockgumshoe.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Stock Gumshoe

Stock Gumshoe collects some information about all visitors to StockGumshoe.com in the process of operating, including IP addresses that could conceivably allow individual users to be identified. No effort is made by this site’s owner to identify individuals, but they may voluntarily supply personal information while registering for the site and that information is kept for the purpose of contacting readers via email, if they choose, or facilitating their participation in site activities (such as commenting on articles or contributing reviews). 

Other data is collected and reported in aggregate by third party statistics providers, including Google Analytics, and used to track readership levels, usage of the site in general, and monitor the popularity and use pattern of each page on the site. No effort is made by the owners of this site to tie that activity to individuals or to store such records of individual use, though doing so may be possible. WordPress, the content management system for this website, will probably place a cookie on your computer or similar information that will allow you to more easily log in or stay logged in to your account unless you prohibit such actions. If you log in as a free or paid member on the site, an anonymous tracking number may be assigned to your behavior before and/or after logging in so that we can use Google Analytics to see which services or pages are most valuable to our members. That number does not allow Google to identify you individually and is not the same as your member account number or login at Stock Gumshoe, and your account information or other personally identifiable information is not sent to Google or to other analysis partners. 

Third parties, including Google and other advertising partners, may also be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on this website. Google uses what they call a “DoubleClick DART” cookie to serve ads based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet so they can show you advertisements related to your interests. You may specifically opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). “Cookies” are data sent to your web browser from a web server (such as Google) that can uniquely identify your computer and store information about user preferences. Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites or from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser. These options are generally set through a “Privacy” setting in your browser setup. Deleting cookies or managing your cookies should not change your ability to access the content on this site. 

Cookies and the access thereto are controlled by your browser and you can modify those or remove them at any time. 

Email addresses, physical addresses, IP addresses or other personally identifiable information will not be shared by Stock Gumshoe except in the course of necessary business (as in, our banks will use the address information you provide in the context of processing credit card payments), but may be disclosed as required by applicable law, or in response to legal process, or to protect the rights or property of Stock Gumshoe, or to protect the safety of Stock Gumshoe, Inc., our users or employees, or others. 
