> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stonyfield.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160628065558id_/http%3A//www.stonyfield.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**PLEASE READ CAREFULLY**

Stonyfield Farm, Inc. ("Stonyfield," "us," "we," or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of the users ("user", "you" or "your") of the web sites operated by it (collectively, the "Site") and when you engage with us through social media sites. Stonyfield's Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and in making informed decisions when using our Site. This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies and business practices. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and governs data collection and usage at the Site. The United States has data protection laws that may not be consistent with those of other countries. By accessing, browsing and/or using the Site, including all content, software, functions, services, materials and information made available on or accessed through the Site, whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or a "Registered User" (which means that you have registered with Stonyfield), you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Any information provided by and through the Site will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The terms "you", "your" or "user" as used in this Privacy Policy refer to a Visitor or a Registered User. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy in its entirety.

**USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES**

We and our authorized Service Providers (as that term is defined below) employ cookies, clear gifs/web beacons, log files and/or other technologies to store and track information about the users of our Site. Such information allows us to analyze site usage and user demographics, interests and behavior to better understand our users and improve our Site and user experience.

Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's computer hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on a web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent it from accepting cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas and features/functions of the Site may be limited.

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions provided in your Internet browser's "HELP" file.

Login areas on the Site require that your browser accept session ID cookies. We use session ID cookies to verify that you are properly signed in.

Clear gifs/web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs/web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages. Clear gifs/web beacons and auditing software are used to track page views and entry and exit points to and from the Site.

Clear gifs/web beacons, cookies, customized links, pixel tags and/or similar technologies are also used to determine whether e-mail sent by us to Registered Users and/or electronic newsletter(s) sent by us to those who have signed up/subscribed to such newsletter(s) have been opened, the recipient's e-mail address, the date and time the e-mail or newsletter was opened and which links are clicked.

Targeting cookies are used when you click on the "Share", "Like", "Facebook" or "Tweet" buttons that may be found on certain web pages of our Site and which are linked to services provided by third parties. Such third parties subsequently may use information about your visit to target advertising to you on their web sites. They also may share such information with others, including advertising agencies. We do not control the setting of these cookies nor the cookie data sent by your browser to the third parties in order to associate the buttons to your accounts with those parties, which data is not accessible to us. We encourage you to check with the third party web sites concerned for more information about their cookies and how to control them.

We may use clear gifs/web beacons and/or similar technologies to better tailor, manage, place and/or display our own and/or third-parties' advertisements/banner ads and/or content on the Site. We may use similar technology to tailor, manage, place and/or display advertisements/banner ads that are reflective of a user's interests based on that user's browsing behavior. These technologies may be in use on a number of web pages across the Site. When you access these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated, which may be processed by us or by our Service Providers. These clear gifs/web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you do not want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to reject cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, gifs/web beacons and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.

To support our information provision and engagement, we may embed photos and video content from web sites such as YouTube, Vimeo, Flickr and others. As a result, when you visit a page on our Site with content embedded from, for example, YouTube, you may be presented with cookies from this third party web site. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. We encourage you to check with the third party web sites concerned for more information about their cookies and how to control them.

The Site may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and/or in other countries. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on web site activity for us and providing other services relating to web site activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. As set forth above, you may reject cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. If you choose to do so, however, you may not be able to use certain areas and features/functions of the Site. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED**

Through the use of cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and other technologies, we and our authorized Service Providers automatically track and collect certain anonymous information about our Site traffic (collectively "Traffic Data") and store it in log files. Traffic Data includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, domain name, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, advertising/promotional campaign from which the user linked to the Site, operating system and/or platform, date/time stamp, geo-location, number of page views, page or section accesses, ads viewed and interacted with, clickstream data, coupon requests, coupon prints and coupon redemptions. Traffic Data is used by us and/or our Service Providers to track users' engagement and movements around the Site, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to assist us in designing and arranging our web pages in the user-friendliest manner and to continually improve our Site to better meet the needs of users. We may place and/or display advertisements/banner ads on the Site that originate from outside advertisers and other third parties. If you click on and/or view these ads, the advertisers/third parties may assign cookies and automatically track and collect certain anonymous information. We do not control these cookies, nor are we responsible for any marketing or other use of your information by these outside advertisers or other third parties.

We also may use third-party advertising companies to place and/or display advertisements/banner ads when you visit the Site. These companies may assign cookies and automatically track, collect and use certain anonymous information about your visits to the Site and other web sites in order to provide advertisements/banner ads about goods and/or services that may be of interest to you. We do not control these cookies, nor are we responsible for any marketing or other use of your information by these third-party advertising companies.

In order for you to access certain areas and functions/features of the Site, register with Stonyfield (become a Registered User) and/or participate in certain online activities (such as participating in our programs, surveys and/or promotions (e.g., sweepstakes and contests), posting to blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms or similar forums on the Site, submitting online comments, requesting, printing or redeeming e-coupons and placing online orders), we may ask you to establish certain login information and/or otherwise provide us with information that personally identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address and home and/or business telephone numbers ("Personal Information").

If you communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete online forms or the like on stonyfield.com or any other Stonyfield-operated and/or sponsored web site (such as stonyfieldcontests.com) and/or through Stonyfield- managed social media accounts (such as [www.facebook.com/stonyfield](https://www.facebook.com/stonyfield), [www.twitter.com/stonyfield](http://www.twitter.com/stonyfield "Opens in a new window"), [www.facebook.com/yobabyyogurt](http://www.facebook.com/yobabyyogurt "Opens in a new window")), information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information. In addition, if you engage with us through social media web sites or through features on any of the web sites operated by us that integrate with social media sites, you may allow us to have access to certain Personal Information and other information from your social media account (e.g., name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, city, the posts or the 'likes' you make).

You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site. You, however, will not be able to access or use those areas of the Site or participate in online activities that require your Personal Information.

Participation in online activities at the Site may be subject to additional terms, conditions and notices and such activities shall be governed by such terms, conditions and notices. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions and notices will prevail over this Privacy Policy.

**USES AND SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED**

Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties without your consent, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on us; (b) provide you the products, services and/or information that you may have requested; (c) protect our rights or property; (d) enforce our rights; (e) protect the interests of users of the Site, other than you, or any other person; (f) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our equipment; (g) detect, prevent and/or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and/or (h) otherwise comply with applicable laws.

In general, we will use Personal Information only for the purpose for which such information was provided to us. We may also use Personal Information (a) to verify the information you provided to us; (b) to provide you with the information that you have requested; (c) to respond to your inquiries; (d) to contact you when necessary; and (e) to send you information about us, including information related to our products, services, programs or promotional activities, or about third party products, services, programs or promotional activities, that may be of interest to you. In the case of third party products, services, programs or promotional activities, your Personal Information is not transferred to the third party. If you sign up/subscribe to our electronic newsletter(s), we will use your name and e-mail address to send the newsletter(s) to you.

We may share Personal Information with our parent company and/or our affiliates or subsidiaries. We may also share your Personal Information with third parties that provide services to Stonyfield ("Service Providers") (including provision of general nutrition, fitness, conditioning and health information on the Site, credit card processing, handling and delivering of e-mail communications and electronic newsletter(s), user submitted information processing and/or storage, user submitted complaint processing and handling, web analytic services, e-mail analytic services, coupon services, and web site hosting and other application services) as reasonably necessary for them to provide said services. Service Providers of Stonyfield who have access to Personal Information, however, are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and not to use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Stonyfield.

We may use Traffic Data to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

We may provide Traffic Data and/or other aggregate non-personally identifying information to third parties.

If you are a Registered User or sign up/subscribe to our electronic newsletter(s) and you login to the Site or click on a link contained in an e-mail sent by us or in our electronic newsletter(s), we may link Traffic Data to your user name and password and to your Personal Information solely for our own business purposes and use, including to customize and tailor your experience on our Site, to serve and/or display specific advertisements/banner ads and/or content when you visit the Site, and to send you information about us, including information related to our products, services, programs or promotional activities, or about third party products, services, programs or promotional activities, that may be of interest to you based on your usage of and behavior on the Site.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may transfer, sell or assign information concerning the Site and your use of the Site, including without limitation, Personal Information, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of Stonyfield.

**PROMOTIONS**

When you enter a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest hosted and/or sponsored/co-sponsored by Stonyfield, we ask for Personal Information. If prior to entering a promotion, you had opted to become a Registered User for purposes of facilitating your provision of certain information (including certain Personal Information) required in order to enter promotions hosted and/or sponsored/co-sponsored by Stonyfield, when entering the promotion online, the fields on the online entry form pertaining to your contact information or other Personal Information requested may be automatically populated using the information from your existing account to the extent available. You still, however, will be required to confirm the accuracy and completeness of such information at the time of entry.

We may contact you in connection with a particular promotion in order to update you of your status, administer the promotion, let you know that a promotion has ended, and for other purposes related to the promotion.

Promotions that are hosted on the Site may be sponsored by Stonyfield, sponsored by a third party, or may be co-sponsored by Stonyfield and another party or parties. Some or all of the data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor(s) or companies indicated on the Official Rules and/or entry form.

Promotions that are hosted by a third party on a web site other than our Site may collect and use information alone or in conjunction with Stonyfield. The nature of this information sharing policy will be indicated on the Official Rules and/or entry form. If information is collected and used by a third party, you will need to see their Privacy Policy to understand how that information may be used.

Some of our promotions may use cookies, clear gifs/web beacons, log files and/or other technologies in order to track your progress and number of entries.

When you participate in a promotion hosted and/or sponsored/co-sponsored by Stonyfield, you are subject to the Official Rules of that promotion. To the extent provided in the Official Rules, information contained in a participant's entry also may be subject to and may be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In the event of any conflict between the Official Rules and this Privacy Policy, to the extent it applies, the terms of the Official Rules will control.

**OPT-OUT/DISCONTINUE**

If you do not wish to receive information or other material from us, you may "opt-out" of receiving these communications by contacting us through our Contact Us page located at <http://www.stonyfield.com/contact-us>.

If you sign up/subscribe to our electronic newsletter(s) and you no longer wish to receive our newsletter(s), you may also unsubscribe by following the unsubscribe link located within each e-mail communication.

Please note that if you are a Registered User you cannot opt-out from communications pertaining to the online activities for which you are registered, unless your account is deactivated.

**ACCOUNT DEACTIVATION**

If you are a Registered User, you may deactivate your account at any time by contacting us through our Contact Us page located at <http://www.stonyfield.com/contact-us>. Once your account is deactivated, it will not be viewable on the Site. As with any web site, even if a user deactivates his/her account, some information previously posted or otherwise uploaded may still be accessible by third parties. Stonyfield is not responsible for the continued accessibility of the information posted or uploaded by a Registered User prior to the deactivation of his/her account. You may re-activate your account by contacting us through our Contact Us page.

**CORRECT; UPDATE**

If you wish to change or modify information previously provided to us, you may do so by contacting us through our Contact Us page located at <http://www.stonyfield.com/contact-us> or logging into your Registered User account located at: <http://www.stonyfield.com/user>. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is corrected or updated in our records.

**LINKS**

The Site contains links to third party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you access those links, you will leave the Site. Stonyfield does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Stonyfield's practices. Stonyfield is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of linked third party sites and does not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites. Nor does Stonyfield make any warranty or representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third party web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. The personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any third party before submitting your personal information. If you decide to access linked third party web sites, you do so at your own risk.

**PUBLIC OR INTERACTIVE AREAS OF THE SITE**

Information that you post on or through the public or interactive areas of the Site (such as by filling out a comment box, submitting a recipe review, and/or using a blog, bulletin board, chat room or similar online public forum on the Site) generally is accessible to others. Any Personal Information you post there can be read, collected, and/or used by other users of these forums, and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to post on or through the public or interactive areas of the Site.

If you post information when you interact with us through social media sites, depending on your privacy settings, this information may become public on the Internet. You may be able to control what information you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites. For more information about how you may be able to customize your privacy settings and how third party social media sites handle your personally identifiable information, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy statements, terms of use and/or similar materials.

**SECURITY**

The Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We only will collect Personal Information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes. We will take reasonable steps to safeguard Personal Information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss or alteration.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Once we receive your transmission, however, we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security and integrity of the information under our control.

**NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES**

We may change our Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify Registered Users by e-mail. Registered Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their Personal Information in this different manner. Unless otherwise agreed, we will use Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.

**POLICIES FOR INDIVIDUALS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE**

We are committed to protecting the on-line privacy of children. In accordance with the Children's On-line Privacy Protection Act, we do not, and will not, knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected from individuals under the age of 13, we promptly will take all reasonable steps to delete such information.

**ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY**

By using the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

**CONTACT US**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or any questions about the security at our Site, you can contact us through our Contact Us page located at <http://www.stonyfield.com/contact-us>.

**SPECIAL NOTIFICATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS**

Users who reside in California and have provided their personal information to Stonyfield may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted through the Contact Us page located at <http://www.stonyfield.com/contact-us>. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph.
