> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stopwar.org.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228171851id_/http%3A//www.stopwar.org.uk/index.php/about/aims-constitution) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Aims, Constitution & Privacy Policy

Written by Stop the War on 09 May 2013. Posted in [About](http://www.stopwar.org.uk/index.php/about/aims-constitution/20-about)

## Aims

The Stop the War Coalition was formed on September 21st, 2001 at a public meeting of over 2,000 people in London. The platform statement above was ratified at public meetings held in October 2001 in London.

  1. The aim of the Coalition should be very simple: to stop the war currently declared by the United States and its allies against 'terrorism'. We condemn the attacks on New York and we feel the greatest compassion for those who lost their life on 11th September 2001. But any war will simply add to the numbers of innocent dead, cause untold suffering, political and economic instability on a global scale, increase racism and result in attacks on civil liberties. The aims of the campaign would be best expressed in the name Stop the War Coalition.
  2. Supporters of the Coalition, whether organisations or individuals, will of course be free to develop their own analyses and organise their own actions. But there will be many important occasions when united initiatives around broad stop the war slogans can mobilise the greatest numbers.
  3. The Coalition shall elect a steering committee which reflects the breadth of those involved to carry forward the aims and objectives. Local groups should have regular, open and inclusive meetings.
  4. We call on all peace activists and organisations, trade unionists, campaigners and labour movement organisations to join with us in building a mass movement that can stop the drive to war.
  5. We are committed to opposing any racist backlash generated by this war. We will fight to stop the erosion of civil rights.



## Constitution

##### Objectives

    1. The objectives of the Coalition are as set out in its founding statement of aims, as may be amended by its national conference as it considers appropriate.



##### Affiliation

    1. The Coalition is open to the affiliation of any organisation that accepts those objectives, and of any local Coalition that works in support of them, on payment of an affiliation fee as laid down by conference.



##### Individual Membership

    1. Any individual may become a member of the Coalition who supports its objectives and pays an annual subscription as laid down by conference.



##### Conference

      1. The Steering Committee of the Coalition shall convene a national conference not less than once every eighteen months.
      2. The Conference shall be convened on a representative and equitable basis, with the basis for representation to be determined by the Steering Committee.
      3. The Conference shall have the power to decide changes to the Coalition's statement of aims, and adopt any resolutions appropriate to the Coalition's work which may be submitted by affiliated organisations or local Coalitions.
      4. The conference shall receive a financial report from the Steering Committee, and shall elect the Steering Committee.



##### Steering Committee

      1. The Steering Committee shall be responsible for directing the national work of the Coalition in line with its objectives. It shall set national guidelines for the Coalition's political work, ensure that proper accounts are maintained and shall supervise the office of the Coalition and any employees.
      2. The Steering Committee shall elect such officers, in addition to the Chair, Convenor and Treasurer directly elected by Conference, as it feels necessary to ensure the discharge of these responsibilities and to conduct the day-to-day work of the Coalition.



## Anti-War Charter

Passed at Stop the War's 15th anniversary conference on 08/10/16:

After fifteen years of catastrophe it is time to end Britain's involvement in wars of aggression. While the electoral choices look bleak in the US, we have the opportunity to send an anti-war message around the world by committing to a sharp change in direction, including an end to new interventions and a withdrawal of troops from the Middle East, Central Asia and beyond.

1)  An end to foreign policy based on Washington’s global ambitions or on a junior imperial role for Britain.

2)  Recognition of the illegality of wars for regime change and the rights of peoples to self-determination and to oppose foreign occupations.

3)  No war by executive decision of the cabinet.

4)  Action to be taken against those found to have misled parliament and the people in the run up to the Iraq War by the Chilcot report, and a recognition that the series of foreign wars have made the world a more dangerous place.

5)  Withdrawal of all British troops, including special forces from Afghanistan, Iraq and other countries.

6)  Opposition to all military interventions and an effort to end the war in Syria rather than escalate.

7)  An independent investigation into Britain’s involvement in extraordinary rendition during the War on Terror.

8)  An end to military support and arms sales to countries involved in foreign military aggression or domestic repression, including Israel, Saudi Arabia and Egypt.

9)  An immediate initiative to de-escalate tension with Russia, including the withdrawal of all British troops from Eastern Europe and the Baltic, and opposition to the Eastward expansion of NATO.

10)  Freedom for Palestine and an end to illegal settlements and the siege of Gaza.

After fifteen years of catastrophe it is time to end Britain's involvement in wars of aggression. While the electoral choices look bleak in the US, we have the opportunity to send an anti-war message around the world by committing to a sharp change in direction, including an end to new interventions and a withdrawal of troops from the Middle East, Central Asia and beyond.

## Activities

The "war on terror" has progressed through a number of stages, and naturally the slogans of the day have changed to fit. It has also had consequences far beyond the immediate US-led military attacks on Afghanistan and Iraq, but in each case, it has been the US-led drive to war which has been the prime cause of these crises, backlashes and other repercussions.

In the UK the Stop the War Coalition has organised massive demonstrations against these wars, in conjunction with the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and the Muslim Association of Britain. Today, we are campaigning to End the Occupation of Iraq and to Stop the War on the Iraqi people. A wide range of international organisations which are attempting to do the same thing are listed on our links page.

## Affiliate or Join

If you are a member of an organisation that is opposed to Bush and Blair's on-going "war on terror" and agree with our aims and objectives, we urge you to ask your organisation to consider affiliating to the Stop the War Coalition. Individuals are also welcome to join the Stop the War Coalition. Together, we can make our voice heard.

## Privacy Policy

**Stop the War Coalition (StWC) is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you.**

  * What information do we collect about you
  * How will we use the information about you?
  * Security
  * Access to your information and amending your information
  * Cookies
  * Other websites
  * Transfer of your data internationally
  * Changes to our privacy policy
  * How to contact us



**What information do we collect about you**

In general you can visit StWC’s website without disclosing any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may request information from you. We collect information you give to us by email,various forms on the website, over the telephone,face to face or by postal mail.

We collect information about you when you join, make a donation, become a supporter, place an order for our products, complete an online action, sign a petition, provide us with data about your campaigning interests or interact with our social media tools. Website usage information may be collected using cookies. ** **

**How will we use the information about you?**

We will send you campaigning information by email or SMS, we think may be of interest to you. We will continue to send you information by post where we have assessed there is a legitimate interest for us to do so.

StWC shares data with regional, area and local StWC groups, but only in order to fulfil the aims of StWC.  This enables groups to publicise StWC events and information.  All StWC groups follow data protection guidelines. If you would prefer to be excluded the sharing of information with other StWC groups, please contact us so we can ensure your details are not shared.

We may disclose your data to our service providers who render services to us or you on our behalf such as delivering postal mail, sending emails and processing payments (all of which are contractually obliged to act only on our instructions and in accordance with applicable laws, including GDPR).

**  Security**

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect ** **

**Access to your information and amending your information**

If you would like a copy of some or all of the personal information we hold about you, please email **[office@stopwar.org.uk](mailto:office@stopwar.org.uk)** or write to us at Stop the War Coalition, 86 Durham Road, London, N7 7DT. We may make a reasonable charge for this service. (eg, for repeated requests).

We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. We will retain some basic information to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future and to ensure we do not duplicate information.  This is superseded by your right to erasure (“the right to be forgotten”).  Following this request all of your data will be removed from all StWC systems and any financial agreements, such a Direct Debit, will be ended. ** **

**Cookies**

Cookies are text files, used by your computer’s browser, that store visitor session data. Cookies, by themselves, do not identify the individual user. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your system. If you want to know more about cookies please go to [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) which explains how cookies work and how you can manage their use.

We currently use cookies to collate general management data which is used to plan enhancements to our services. Some cookies are external managed e.g. GoogleAnalytics and are covered by their own privacy policies.

StWC never stores any personal information in cookies (on any computer that you may use) that can be used to identify you, such as your name or account numbers.

If you do not want us to use cookies you may be able to configure your browser not to accept them. Please refer to your browser’s ‘help’ facility for further information. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.

**Other websites**

Our website – [www.stopwar.org.uk](http://www.stopwar.org.uk/) – contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to our website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies. ** **

**Transfer of your data internationally**

The DPA and GDPR restrict the transfer of data outside of the EU and EEA. Our primary web server is located in the UK, however some of the suppliers and systems that we use can be based in other countries which are outside of the EU and EEA. This may occur, for example, by using online services with servers based in other countries or which route data via such systems. StWC will ensure that information which you provide is only transferred to other countries (which do not have data protection laws equal to the DPA and GDPR) provided that the organisations involved have certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield (for organisations based in the USA) or similar stringent certification to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your rights and your data. ** **

**Changes to our privacy policy**

We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was reviewed and updated May 2018. ** **

**How to contact us**

Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you.  
By email:  **[office@stopwar.org.uk](mailto:office@stopwar.org.uk)**  
By post: Stop the War Coalition, 86 Durham Road, London, N7 7DT
