> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the storyful.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523052824id_/http%3A//storyful.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Storyful | Privacy Policy

[Sign In](https://web.archive.org/prosignin) [Blog](http://blog.storyful.com/)

## Privacy Policy

Storyful is committed to protecting your privacy. We won’t share your information with anyone without your prior explicit consent.

We respect your email privacy. We may occasionally email you with updates to the site, queries around registration or other related matters.

## Cookies

We use internet cookies and web beacons to collect statistical data about activity on the website, to speed site navigation and recognise your access rights on the site.

As described by cookie central: <http://www.cookiecentral.com/c_concept.htm>

Cookies are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user’s computer, ready for future access. Cookies are embedded in the HTML information flowing back and forth between the user’s computer and the servers. Cookies were implemented to allow user-side customization of web information. For example, cookies are used to personalise web search engines, to allow users to participate in WWW-wide contests, and to store shopping lists of items a user has selected while browsing through a virtual shopping mall.

Essentially, cookies make use of user-specific information transmitted by the Web server onto the user’s computer so that the information might be available for later access by itself or other servers. In most cases, not only does the storage of personal information into a cookie go unnoticed, so does access to it. Web servers automatically gain access to relevant cookies whenever the user establishes a connection to them, usually in the form of web requests.

The cookies created by Storyful only relate to your use of the Storyful website and have no other use on your computer.

Web beacons support the delivery of cookies and help determine the number of times a page on the site has been viewed.

## Logfiles

Like most other websites our webserver automatically recognises the internet address from which you access the site. We may also log your IP (Internet Protocol) address, referring site and date and timestamp for system administration, troubleshooting and internal marketing purposes.

## Links to other websites

We will provide links to other (third-party) websites as part of the services we provide on this site. Crowdflash Limited trading as Storyful is not responsible for the content of external websites, or for their privacy policies.

## Changes to privacy policy

When we change our privacy policy we will post the changes here. If the changes are significant, we may email all our registered users with the new details.

## Data Protection in Ireland

More information on data privacy rights is available directly from the Irish Data Protection commissioner.

## Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or you wish to make a complaint, please feel free to contact us at [privacy@storyful.com](mailto:privacy@storyful.com) or write to us at:

Ferry House  
48 Lower Mount Street  
Dublin 2  
Ireland
