> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the storagetreasures.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528120634id_/http%3A//www.storagetreasures.com/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Storage Auctions Privacy

To enrich our members' experience, we request and display some personal information to other members and visitors. This allows StorageTreasures users to identify each other and expand their network of people. StorageTreasures members can change their profile information at any time as well as control how other members and the service communicates with them.

StorageTreasures.com cares deeply about online privacy. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at [privacy@StorageTreasures.com.](mailto:privacy@StorageTreasures.com "privacy@StorageTreasures.com")  


Information Collection and Use by StorageTreasures.com StorageTreasures.com collects user submitted information such as name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications relating to the StorageTreasures.com service. StorageTreasures.com also collects other profile data, including but not limited to: personal/societal interests, gender, age, education and occupation, in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other.

StorageTreasures.com also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.

User Profile information including members' pictures and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the StorageTreasures.com social networking community. Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new people to join StorageTreasures, to add users to members' networks, and to send notifications related to the service. With the exception of inviting people, adding people, and sending notifications, a user's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user's personal network. Users within a personal network communicate on StorageTreasures.com with each other through the StorageTreasures.com service, without disclosing their email addresses. Users' full names are never directly revealed to other members. To facilitate searching for and finding people and acquaintances on the service, StorageTreasures.com allows users to search for other members by first and last name, email address, and schools/companies users have attended or worked at.

We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. Users may choose not to receive such emails by changing their "Notification" setting to "Do not send me notification emails" in the user "Account Settings."

From time to time, StorageTreasures.com or a partner, may sponsor a societal cause or contest on StorageTreasures.com. Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email or home address, or to answer questions in order to participate. We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. At the point of collection it will be clear who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.

Invitations and Other Communications to Non-members StorageTreasures members can invite people to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system. StorageTreasures.com stores the email addresses that members provide so respondents may be added to the inviter's friends list. StorageTreasures.com also sends invitation reminders (up to three (3) per email address). StorageTreasures.com does not otherwise use or sell such email addresses. StorageTreasures invitees may contact StorageTreasures.com to request the removal of their information from our database.

StorageTreasures members may also store email addresses of people they know in their internal StorageTreasures address book and may also choose to send invitations and other communications to those addresses. You may avoid receiving StorageTreasures.com email messages and invitations by sending an email, from the account you wish to block, with the subject "BLOCK" to [privacy@StorageTreasures.com.](mailto:privacy@StorageTreasures.com "privacy@StorageTreasures.com") Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block.

Use of Cookies StorageTreasures.com uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information. This ensures visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements, and allows customization of newsletters, advertisements, and Web page content, based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. However, you must enable cookies from StorageTreasures.com in order to use most functions on the site. Please note that StorageTreasures allows third party advertisers (presenting advertisements on some of our pages) to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the StorageTreasures Privacy Policy.

Links StorageTreasures.com contains links to other sites. StorageTreasures.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on StorageTreasures.com.

Access and Interference Much of the information on the sites is updated on a real-time basis and is proprietary or is licensed to StorageTreasures.com by our users or third parties. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the sites for any purpose without our express hand written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: 1) take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; 2) copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, or publicly display any content (except for your information) from the sites without the prior express written permission of eBay and the appropriate third party, as applicable; 3) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the sites, services or tools, or any activities conducted on or with the sites, services or tools; or 4) bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the sites.

Chat Rooms, Journals and WebLogs, Message Boards, Classifieds and Public Forums Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals, WebLogs, Message Boards, Classifieds or any other Public Forums, that information can be accessed by the public, and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications.

Correcting/Updating or Removing Information StorageTreasures.com users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info.

Email Choice/Opt-out Members who no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may choose not to by selecting "Do not send me notification emails" in the user profile "Account Settings." Users who do not wish to receive StorageTreasures.com newsletters may choose not to by selecting "Do not send me StorageTreasures newsletters" in the user profile "Account Settings." All notification emails and StorageTreasures.com newsletters also include the above instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future.

Third Party Advertising Ads that may appear on this Web site may be delivered to users by StorageTreasures.com or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by StorageTreasures.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Security StorageTreasures.com member accounts are secured by member-created passwords StorageTreasures.com takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. For any additional information about the security measures we use on StorageTreasures.com, please contact us at: [privacy@StorageTreasures.com.](mailto:privacy@StorageTreasures.com "privacy@StorageTreasures.com")  


Sharing and Disclosure of Information StorageTreasures.com Collects Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, StorageTreasures will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by StorageTreasures.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the StorageTreasures.com Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. StorageTreasures reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of StorageTreasures or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.

Changes in Our Privacy Policy From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of the changes. This allows users to be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when they use the site after such changes have been posted. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.

Contacting the Web Site If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us at: [privacy@StorageTreasures.com](mailto:privacy@StorageTreasures.com "privacy@StorageTreasures.com") (500 Damonte Ranch Pkwy #1008, Reno, NV 89521).

Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the StorageTreasures.com [Terms of Use](http://www.storagetreasures.com/info/terms) and [Privacy Policy](http://www.storagetreasures.com/info/privacy).

Rev. 12/10
