> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yesmail.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021207230836id_/http%3A//yesmail.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yesmail - Privacy

  
Your privacy on the Internet is important to Yesmail™. When you register directly with Yesmail or one of our Network Partners to provide certain information about yourself in order to receive email from Yesmail, you become a Yesmail Member. Below is an explanation regarding the type of information collected from Yesmail Members, what is done with it, and how to correct or change that information. By registering online through Yesmail's Web site or the Web sites of any of our Network Partners, you are agreeing to the terms of Yesmail's Privacy Policy. You should also review our Network Partners' privacy policies for more informaiton on their data collection and handling practices. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms and Conditions of service. 

Please be aware that this Privacy Policy only applies to personally identifiable information that you provide when you register at the Yesmail Web site or at the Web sites of any of our Network Partners ("Member-Provided Information"). "Personally identifiable information" means your name, residence address, email address, social security number or other information from which your identity may be ascertained. 

If Yesmail acquires information about you from other sources ("Other Information"), even if you provided substantially similar or identical information at the time you registered, the Other Information is not governed by this Privacy Policy and this Privacy Policy does not restrict us with regard to use of such Other Information. Further, the Privacy Policy does not cover the conduct or practices of any other parties, including without limitation, any third-party source of information. Nor does this Privacy Policy restrict the disclosure, sharing or transfer of aggregate-level information. "Aggregate-level information" is any information that does not allow a Yesmail Member's identity to be ascertained in a commercially likely manner. It is solely at a Yesmail Member's discretion if he or she chooses to provide personally identifiable information to a marketer or other party by making a purchase, requesting additional information, or communicating directly with the company or organization after visiting its Web site or otherwise, and this Privacy Policy does not govern any such information provided.  
  
What Information You Provide  
Member-Provided Information: As part of the Yesmail Member registration process, a prospective member is asked to provide an email address and interest category selections. The prospective member, at his or her option, may voluntarily provide additional information, including personal, geographic and demographic information. Yesmail uses this data to assemble broad demographic information about Yesmail Members in general. The primary purpose of this data collection is to ensure that Yesmail Members receive relevant, targeted offers and information from Yesmail. 

Web Traffic Information: Yesmail also collects and monitors incoming and outgoing Web site traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers and to administer its Web site. 

"Contact Us" Information: Yesmail uses "contact us" forms as a way for Yesmail Customers, potential customers and Yesmail Members to communicate with Yesmail. Yesmail collects the information supplied by the sender of the "contact us" form in order to establish and maintain relationships with Customers, potential customers and Yesmail Members. Yesmail also uses email links located on various pages of the Yesmail Web site to allow you to contact Yesmail with questions or comments you may have. Yesmail welcomes these email communications and makes efforts to respond to these communications where appropriate. Email communications and the ideas sent to Yesmail in these email communications become the property of Yesmail. Yesmail uses the email communications to evaluate and improve its services and Web site. Yesmail also may save these email communications as an archive to address Member questions and concerns, for auditing purposes and to ensure privacy compliance with third-party Internet Service Providers. 

The Use of Cookies and Clear GIFs  
As an important and necessary part of providing customizable and personalized services to our Yesmail Members, Yesmail uses cookies and Clear GIFs to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie or Clear GIF is a small amount of data that is sent to a Member's browser from a Web server and stored on your computer hard drive. Areas of Yesmail's Web site where Yesmail Members are prompted to log in or that are customizable require acceptance of cookies and Clear GIFs. Cookies and Clear GIFs are also used to help Yesmail track the response to messages sent to Members on behalf of Customers so that Yesmail can monitor and report campaign results to the Customer and track response history. With respect to cookies and Clear GIFs, you have a choice. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies and Clear GIFs, to be notified when a cookie or Clear GIF is set, or to reject all cookies and Clear GIFs. If you choose to reject all cookies and Clear GIFs, you will be unable to use those Yesmail services that require the use of cookies or Clear GIFs in order to participate. 

Children's Online Privacy Protection  
The safety of children is important to us. Yesmail's Web site is a general audience site and is not directed to children under the age of 13. Similarly, Yesmail's services are not directed to nor intended for anyone under the age of 13. Yesmail will not knowingly accept members who are under the age of 13 years, nor will it knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from or about anyone under the age of 13 years. Accordingly, when registering to become a Yesmail Member, the new Member must certify that he or she is not under the age of 13. Yesmail relies on the truthfulness of this certification when accepting new Yesmail Members. In the event that Yesmail receives information that establishes that a Member is under the age of 13 years, Yesmail reserves the right, which it will exercise, to terminate that Member's membership. Yesmail will also delete all information in its databases about that terminated Member. If you believe Yesmail has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below. 

Email: [privacy@yesmail.com](mailto:privacy@yesmail.com)

Use and Protection of Member Information  
Yesmail uses Member-Provided Information to deliver Yesmail's services. Thus, Member-Provided Information is used by Yesmail in identifying information that may be of interest to Yesmail Members. A Yesmail Member's email address will be used by Yesmail to contact that Member about matters in which Yesmail believes the Member may be interested. Yesmail also uses Member-Provided Information to monitor, interpret, analyze and report campaign results. 

In an attempt to customize Yesmail's services and provide Members with the information they may be most interested in, Yesmail also conducts research on Yesmail Members' demographics, interests, and behavior based upon Member-Provided Information and Other Information that Yesmail may collect from third-party sources and/or through the use of "cookies" and/or "Clear GIFs" (see above). Yesmail may combine or otherwise overlay some or all of the foregoing information to build profiles about Yesmail Members, which may be individual-specific or in aggregate form. 

By becoming a Yesmail Member, you consent to Yesmail employing the foregoing techniques in its continuing efforts to better serve its Members by providing them with the information in which they may be most interested.

Yesmail undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of Member-Provided Information and will never knowingly allow access to this information to anyone outside Yesmail other than to the Yesmail Member or as described in this Privacy Policy. Yesmail uses technology to preserve the anonymity of Yesmail Members while matching the Members' interests with targeted information sent via email. Yesmail has made a substantial investment in its server, database, backup and firewall technologies to protect the information assets of the Yesmail Network™, including the confidentiality of Member-Provided Information . These technologies are deployed as part of a sophisticated security architecture and protocol. 

You should also do your part in protecting your information. Your Yesmail user name and password are confidential and we recommend that you not divulge them to anyone. Unfortunately, neither the Yesmail Network nor data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect Yesmail Member-Provided Information, Yesmail cannot ensure or warrant the security of Member-Provided Information. Thus, any information a Member transmits to us is done so at the Member's own risk. Once we receive the Member-Provided Information, Yesmail undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of this information consistent with this Policy. 

Confidentiality and Disclosures  
In certain situations, as described in this Privacy Policy, and as part of our day-to-day business activities, Yesmail will disclose certain Member-Provided Information about Yesmail Members to certain third parties. Below is the information and circumstances under which Yesmail will disclose information to third parties. 

Disclosure to Network Partners: When a Yesmail Member registers through a Network Partner's Web site, Yesmail will disclose to that particular Network Partner the information submitted by the Yesmail Member during the registration process. 

Disclosure to Service Providers: Yesmail partners with other third-party Service Providers to provide specific services. Yesmail will transfer Member-Provided Information to these third parties in order to provide requested services. For example, Yesmail partners with Service Providers to send emails to Yesmail Members on Yesmail's behalf. These Service Providers are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.

Disclosure to Customers: Yesmail will disclose, share or license Member-Provided Information and any Other Information to Yesmail Customers. Customers are defined as Yesmail marketing partners or other third parties interested in providing services that meet your interests. Yesmail Members may opt out of this sharing at any time by sending an email message to [subs@ym1.net](mailto:subs@ym1.net), or by updating your Member profile at [http://my.yesmail.com](http://my.yesmail.com/).

Other Disclosure: Due to the existing legal, regulatory and security environment, Yesmail may be required, under certain circumstances, to disclose Member-Provided Information, as well as any Other Information. Yesmail will use its best efforts to limit such disclosure to the following: where Yesmail believes in good faith that it is required to do so in response to a subpoena or other legal process; where reasonably required to do so in order to maintain, update or otherwise implement Yesmail's data security measures, equipment, technical operations and the like; or where reasonably necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities to preserve and/or enforce Yesmail's rights. 

Yesmail Sale or Merger: If all or part of Yesmail should change controlling ownership, or Yesmail merge with another party, Member-Provided Information may be transferred as part of that event; such transfers, to the extent allowed by law, will always be conditioned on the preservation of the promises made in this Privacy Policy.

Reviewing or Modifying Member Information or Terminating Membership  
A Yesmail Member may choose at any time to review, modify or deactiviate all personally identifiable information stored by Yesmail about that Member by accessing his/her account directly at [http://my.yesmail.com](http://my.yesmail.com/). 

A Yesmail Member can terminate his or her membership for any reason, such as to prevent the sharing of information with third parties, by sending an email to [subs@ym1.net](mailto:subs@ym1.net). If a Yesmail Member terminates his or her membership, Yesmail will use its best efforts to ensure that, within a reasonable time, the past Member will not receive any future communications from Yesmail, and, thereafter, that Yesmail will not disclose, share or otherwise transfer or use the past Member's Member-Provided Information. 

A Yesmail Member wanting to discontinue receiving communications from a Customer that was provided with Member-Provided Information prior to the Yesmail Member terminating his or her membership should first contact the Customer directly to opt out of further communications. If this is not succesful, the Yesmail Member should contact Yesmail by sending an email to [subs@ym1.net](mailto:subs@ym1.net).

Policy Changes  
The foregoing policy shall be effective January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), and applies to all information Yesmail has collected about you since you registered with us or with one of our Network Partners. Yesmail reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of Yesmail's services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes. Yesmail will take reasonable measures to notify you if there is a material change in our privacy practices with respect to use of the information you have provided to Yesmail by conspicuously posting these changes in our Privacy Policy and by posting a message on the home page of our Web site that states that the Privacy Policy has been changed and links to the revised Privacy Policy, and by sending an email message to the affected Members with links to the revised Privacy Policy. Yesmail will use reasonable efforts to ensure that these postings will occur on Yesmail's Web site at least 30 days prior to any material change. For more information, see our [Terms and Conditions](http://www.yesmail.com/terms.asp) of service. 

Yesmail has received certification seals from TRUSTe and BBBOnline, certifying that our Privacy Policy has been reviewed and approved by those trusted organizations as complying with their high standards and requirements.

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, Yesmail practices, or feel that your privacy has been compromised, please contact us at [privacy@yesmail.com](mailto:privacy@yesmail.com). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process at: <http://www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html>. TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with Yesmail to resolve your concerns. 

If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:  
Phone: (312) 423-5000   
Email: [privacy@yesmail.com](mailto:privacy@yesmail.com)   
Postal Address: 222 S. Riverside Plaza, Suite 1700, Chicago, IL 60606  

