> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the farelogix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630081903id_/http%3A//farelogix.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Farelogix Company

This Online Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is applicable to Farelogix websites and to travelers whose personal information is provided to our airline customers and processed by Farelogix.  This Policy summarizes the actions we have taken to ensure the privacy and security of information you provide to us either through our website or that you provide to our customer airlines as a traveler.  The term “website” as used in this Policy includes Internet websites and mobile applications, if any, of the Farelogix products.  


###   
Your Consent

By using this website or by providing your personal information to one of our airline customers, you agree to the terms of this Policy. You consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information you submit or that we may collect in the manner described in this Policy.  


###   
Information Collection

We collect information from you that you voluntarily give to us or to our airline customers, their agents and/or distributors. Some of the information you provide may be personal information that can be identified with you, such as your name, street address, email address, telephone number and other contact information. We also collect information from you by asking you for specific information and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via email, text messaging, feedback forms, and online chats. You may be asked to provide information in order to enable you to make use of certain features of the website or to participate in a particular activity on the website.  In such cases, you will be told when you are required to provide information to us. We will maintain all information we collect in accordance with this Policy.  If you are a traveler, you will be providing information to our airline customer which is then transmitted to us for purposes of servicing your travel, including servicing before, during or after your trip.  

As you navigate through our website, we may collect certain information without your providing the information. We may collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the website pages you visited. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider that enables you to access the Internet. We may also place a “cookie” on your computer or other device you use to access our website. A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on the browser on your computer or access device that helps our website remember information about you and your preferences when you return to our website. “Session” cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your browser window or turn your computer or access device off. Session cookies are used to improve navigation on our website and to collect aggregate statistical information. This site uses cookies and session cookies.

We also may use tools such as Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use this website. These tools use cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The anonymous information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is solely used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Farelogix websites. We will never use these tools to track or to collect any personal information about you. or link an IP address with the identity of any person.

We will not associate any data gathered from this website with any of your personal information from any source unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.  


###   
Use of and Sharing Your Information

We may analyze certain types of information - but not your personally identifiable information - to determine trends and patterns. If you provide us with your email address and agree to allow us to contact you, we may use your email address for that purpose.

Except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to improve the content of our website, to customize the website to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for the other purposes specified in this Policy. If you provide personally identifiable information through Farelogix websites, we may combine such information with other information we collected unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection.  


  
We do not sell or rent information about you to anyone.

We may share your personally identifiable information with airline customers and their partner airlines as needed to perform our services.  We also may share your personally identifiable information to select third parties located in the United States or in another country in certain circumstances. For example, we may share your information with third parties (1) to process or service a product or service you request or authorize, (2) so that a third party may perform services on our behalf, (3) when required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations, and (4) as otherwise permitted by law.

In addition, we may use all information acquired through our websites that is not in personally identifiable form.  


###   
Security

To protect your information from unauthorized access and use, we have adopted security measures that comply with applicable law and which are reasonably designed to protect the availability, confidentiality and integrity of the personal information of our customers. These include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  


###   
Links to Other Websites

This website may contain links or references to websites of other companies. This Policy does not apply to the websites of those companies. We do not control those websites and are not responsible for their content or privacy practices.  


### Surveys and Contests

From time to time we may, through Farelogix websites and third parties, request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys and contests is voluntary. You may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose specific information, which may include contact information (such as your name or address) and demographic information (such as your zip code or age). Any survey information is used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this website and our marketing efforts in general.  


###   
Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without obtaining consent from a parent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website at [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/).  


###   
Access to Your Personal Information

You may review and obtain a copy of certain personal information we have about you by:

If you are a website user, send an email to [privacy@farelogix.com](mailto:privacy@farelogix.com).  Please provide your name, email address, and the specific information you are requesting. You can ask us to update or change personal information you believe is in error or request to have your information removed or deleted. While we will make reasonable attempts to comply with all requests, they may be times we cannot.  Should we be unable to comply with your request, we will notify you of the reason.

If required by the law of the state in which you reside, upon your written request we will tell you the types of parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information within the past two years or those to whom we usually disclose such information. These parties may include the entities specified above in the section titled Using and Sharing Your Information.

If you are a traveler on one of the airline customers that we process information for, or an agent or distributor of an airline customer, please direct your inquiry to that airline.  The airline will provide us the data we need to research your information.    


### Online Privacy Policy Updates

When we make changes to this Policy, we will update it and post it on this website with a new effective date.  


###   
Effective Date

The Privacy Notice and Online Privacy Policy is effective are effective as of May 26, 2018.  


_Last revision: June 25, 2018_
