> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bezecom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230033928id_/http%3A//www.bezecom.com/Info/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## Privacy Policy

  1. #### Definitions

Any and all terms and definitions used herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the [ End User License Agreements](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230033928id_/http%3A//www.bezecom.com/Info/terms.aspx) unless otherwise indicated herein. 

In this Privacy Policy the following capitalized definitions are being used, singular as well as plural. 

1.1. **Agreements** means any of the agreements which governs the use of the Bezecom's Websites or Software or any of Bezecom services, including without limitation, the EULA and the Terms of Use. 

1.2. **Bezecom** means Bezecom Ltd. a company established under the laws of Israel, with its registered address at 8 Hapnina st. Raanan, Israel. 

1.3. **EULA** means the [End User License Agreements](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230033928id_/http%3A//www.bezecom.com/Info/terms.aspx), as may be renewed, modified and/or amended from time to time. 

1.4. **Personal Data** : any information that Bezecom possesses directly relating to an identified or identifiable user of th e Software or any of Bezcom's Websites or services. 

1.5. **Privacy Policy** means this Privacy Policy. 

1.6. **PSTN** : Public Switched Telephone Network. 

1.7. **Register Information** : any information provided when voluntarily registering at Bezcom's Websites or services provided via the Software or Bezecom's Websites, including, but not limited to, username and password. 

1.8. **Terms of Use** means the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230033928id_/http%3A//www.bezecom.com/Info/Terms.aspx), as may be renewed, modified and/or amended from time to time. 

  2. Bezecom shall not sell, share, or rent the Personal Data collected by your use of the Software or Bezecom's Websites to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. 
  3. In order to provide you with any of its services, Bezecom may sometimes, if necessary, share any information, including your Personal Data with third parties, including without limitation, affiliates, carriers, partner service providers, suppliers or agents, for example the PSTN gateway provider, distributor of the Software or any of Bezcom's services or the third party banking organization or other providers of payment services. Bezecom shall reasonably require these third parties to take appropriate measures to protect your Personal Data to at least the same extant as required by this Privacy Policy and to observe the relevant legislation. Please be informed that, notwithstanding the abovementioned, in the event of a designated competent authority requesting Bezecom, to retain and provide Personal Date or any other information, or to install wiretapping equipment in order to intercept communications, Bezecom shall provide all necessary assistance and information to fulfill this request. 
  4. Bezecom uses information collected from your use of the Software or Bezecom's Websites or any of Bezecom services to analyze trends, administer the use of the Software, Bezecom Websites or any of Bezecom's services, provide customer support, enforce the Agreements, resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems, customize, measure, and improve the Software, Bezecom's Websites or any of its services its content or layout; inform you about targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers unless you opt out; compare information for accuracy, and verify your identity; and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use 
  5. Any information collected by Bezecom, including without limitation, your Personal Data or information collected your use of Bezecom's Websites or Software or any services provided by Bezecom, may be stored and processed in any country, at Bezecoms sole discretion. By using the Software or any of Bezecom's Websites or any service provided by Bezecom, you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country, or from any other country to any other country, at Bezecom's sole discretion. 
  6. As Bezecom continues to develop its business, Bezecom might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In any such transactions or as well as in the event Bezecom or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, any information collected by Bezecom, including Personal Data, shall generally be one of the transferred business assets. Bezecom reserve the right to include any information, or any other information collected, including Personal Data, as an asset, in any such transfer to a third party. 
  7. Bezecom Website's or Software may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Bezecom is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other websites and that entering or using such websites is at your risk. You are responsible to read, as you enter such websites and prior to any use thereof, the privacy statements of each and every such website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Bezecom. 
  8. **Invite a Friend**. If you elect to use Bezecom referral service for informing a friend about any of Bezecom's Websites or any of Bezecom services or of the Software, Bezecom shall ask you for the friend's name and email address. Bezecom will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit relevant Bezecom's Website. The friend may contact Bezecom to request the removal of the information from the database in a hyperlink available in such email or also Here. 
  9. **Bezecom Phonebook**. As you register to relevant Bezecom's Websites you may have the option (if relevant) to opt out being included in Bezecom's Phonebook. If you do not opt-out such option, Bezecom shall include in Bezecom's Phonebook your full name as entered by you at registration and the phone number allocated to you by bezecom If at any time you wish that such information shall be removed from Bezecom's Phonebook, please contact Bezecom Here. 
  10. **Notice of Voicemail**. As you register to relevant Bezecom's Websites you may have the option (if relevant) to instruct Bezecom to send you notice on incoming voicemail by email. If at any time you wish not to receive such emails, please contact Bezecom Here. 
  11. **Children's Information**. The Software or Bezecom's Websites or any of Bezecom services is not directed or intended for children under thirteen years of age. If you are under thirteen years of age, you should not install or use the Software or use any of Bezecom's Websites or any of Bezecom services. If you are the parent or guardian of a user under the age of thirteen whom you believe has disclosed Personal Data to Bezecom, please contact Bezecom Here. Bezecom shall make its reasonable efforts necessary by relevant applicable law to delete and remove such Personal Data from its system. 
  12. **Cookies.** Bezecom uses cookies to gather and store information. Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to user computer's hard drive solely for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help Bezecom make its Software or services or Websites more useful by storing information on your preferences. Cookies enable Bezecom to gain information about the use of its Websites, Software or services and to enhance such accordingly to the preferences of the users. The cookies do not personally identify you, but they will identify your computer. Your browser is most likely set up to accept cookies, but you can set yours to refuse them. If you do so, you may not be able to take full advantage of Bezecom's Website, Software or servises. Bezecom is not liable for any failure of your computer due to the use of cookies. 
  13. **Security.** Bezecom implies all reasonable security measures in order to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of Personal Data. However, you acknowledge that no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Bezecom strives to protect your Personal Data, Bezcom cannot ensure and Bezcome shall not be held liable for the security of any information that you transmit or receive, and you transmit and receive information at your own risk. 
  14. **Choice/Opt-out**. Bezecom users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to Bezecom's Websites, Software or services. In order to unsubscribe you may type your email address Here and your request will be recorded on our database. 
  15. **Legal Disclaimer**. Bezecom reserve the right to disclose any information, including without limitation Personal Data, as required by law or when Bezecom believe that disclosure is necessary to protect Bezecom's rights or in order to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. 
  16. **Changes in this Privacy Policy**. Bezecom may, at its sole discretion, amend this Privacy Policy at any time by giving you notice or by posting the amended Privacy Policy on the relevant Bezecom Website. Any amended Privacy Policy shall govern new user registrations from the date that it is posted on such Website. Existing users shall be bound by the amended Privacy Policy after the expiry of 14 days following the date of a Notice and your continued use of the Software or Bezcom Website or any of Bezecom services or Software following such date shall mean that you accept and agree to the amendments. No other amendment to this Privacy Policy shall be effective. 
  17. **Subordination to the EULA and Terms of Use** This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms and conditions of the EULA and Terms of Use, as an integral part thereof; in case of a contradiction between any provision of the EULA or the Terms of Use, and the content of this Privacy Policy, the provisions of the EULA or the Terms of Use (as relevant) shall prevail. 


