> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the targus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030603175102id_/http%3A//www.targus.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Targus | Privacy Policy

|  Privacy Policy   
---  
We at targus.com are committed to preserving your privacy and the privacy of all visitors or customers. Information we collect is used to process orders and create a better shopping experience for our customers.   
When you place an order, we collect basic contact information so that we know who to bill and ship the order to. Your email address is used to send you status reports on your order. Credit card information is used to bill you for products or services. We sometimes use this information to communicate with you through mailings or to contact you about your account with us. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings from us; see the choice/opt-out section below. We also may disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law.   
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to preserve your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit. Cookies are small files stored on your computer by a web site to give you a unique ID and are set to expire. A cookie generated by our site contains no information about you.   
We may use customer information in aggregate to create statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information. These statistics will not include personal identifying information and are for internal purposes only.   
When you visit targus.com, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.   
Security  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use VeriSign OnSiteSM on our shopping cart to offer you leading cryptographic techniques, and secure facilities to give you complete confidence in our site. This includes online ordering, order status, account information, and email information.   
Newsletter  
If a user wishes to subscribe to the Targus newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. See [our signup page](https://web.archive.org/web/20030603175102id_/http%3A//www.targus.com/newsletter.asp).   
Sharing  
We partner with WhatCounts to provide e-mail communications services. When the user signs up for these services, we will provide WhatCounts with names, or other contact information that is necessary for WhatCounts to fulfill these services.   
WhatCounts is not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. WhatCounts is not allowed to share personal information with any third party. We (Targus) will not share your personal information with any other third party outside of companies owned by Targus Group International.   
Choice/Opt-out  
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications at any time. They may do so by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email or [Click Here](https://web.archive.org/web/20030603175102id_/http%3A//www.targus.com/newsletter_unsubscribe.asp) to unsubscribe.   
Surveys & Contests  
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our newsletter.   
Tell-A-Friend  
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. If the friend wishes to request the removal of this information from our database, they may do so by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email or [Click Here](https://web.archive.org/web/20030603175102id_/http%3A//www.targus.com/newsletter_unsubscribe.asp) to unsubscribe.   
Correct/Update Your Information  
In order to change or modify information previously provided to us, you may visit the online store account login to edit your account information.   
Notification of Changes  
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Privacy Page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.   
Contacting the Web Site  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact Webmaster Targus inc. 1211 North Miller St., Anaheim CA 92806 [webmaster@targus.com](mailto:webmaster@targus.com)
