> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 3tags.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150513015730id_/http%3A//3tags.org/en/cms/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | 3tags

This Privacy Policy sets out how “3tags” uses and protects any information that you give “3tags” when you use this website. “3tags” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. “3tags” may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. \----- ####**What we collect** 3tags may collect some information to track your movement to and within 3tags. This information includes: * email address * access times * browser information * comments * bug reports * email communications with us * geographical location and time zone * referring domain We do not track any other information that you provide while using 3tags and we do not collect passwords or images. Please don't put sensitive information in your profile. You agree that by your use of 3tags, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of this information by 3tags. ####**What we do with the information we gather** We require this information for the sole purpose to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: * Internal record keeping. * We may use the information to improve our products and services. * We may periodically send you information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.  * We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests. We do not send you promotional emails and we will never sell your information. ####**Security** We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. ####**How we use cookies** A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.  We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used and to record registration and account information. These help us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to your needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.  Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. ####**Links to other websites** Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. ####**Controlling your personal information** We will not share specific personal information unless we are reasonably required to do so by law. We do not and cannot measure, regulate or control personal information that is made available as content on the site. All information posted as content should be considered publicly available. Don't post sensitive personal information as content. If you have a concern regarding personal information, please contact us via [contact](http://3tags.org/en/cms/contact) If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, via the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. \------ Further updates or any changes to our Privacy Policy, will be posted here and tagged with [changelog](http://3tags.org/tag/changelog) This user agreement is effective as of **October 13, 2014.**
