> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the is-teledata.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111006110551id_/http%3A//www.interactivedata.com/index.php/titledesc/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Interactive Data: Privacy Policy

We value our relationship with you and respect your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how Interactive Data Corporation and our applicable affiliates and subsidiaries handle personal information that you provide to us or that we collect and maintain about you in connection with your use of proprietary websites we currently operate (collectively the “Websites”) and any other proprietary websites we may launch from time to time and the services made available through the Websites (“Services”). By using the Services or accessing our Websites, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and consent to the practices described herein. 

1) **SCOPE OF POLICY.**  
This Privacy Policy applies only to information you provide to us online or that we collect from you while visiting or using our Websites or Services. It does not apply to information we obtain offline or through other means. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Interactive Data does not own or control or operators of third party websites that you may access from the Websites or from which you may access the Websites.

2) **WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE.**

> a) We receive and store information that you voluntarily provide when using the Websites and the Services. For example, when you subscribe to our Services, we require you to provide personal information including your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, facsimile number, company affiliation, and other basic contact information. You may also provide additional personal information to us when you voluntarily communicate with us, such as when you request information, register for email updates or listen to a webcast, submit application for employment, or when you post information to the user content portion of the Websites.
> 
> b) In addition to the information you voluntarily provide to us, we automatically record information from your Internet browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your PC), your computer's name, the type and version of your web browser, the Internet addresses of the sites from which you access the Websites (referring addresses) and other generally-accepted log information. We may also record  the presence of Interactive Data  software or other third party software on your computer, page views (hit counts) and other statistical and tracking information, which are aggregated with website utilization information from other users in order to understand how our Websites are being used. One or more of the above activities may also be carried out by third parties we have engaged to host certain portions or functions of or otherwise render services in connection with our Websites, such as resume submission, or operating a webcast on our behalf. 
> 
> c) While accessing and operating an Interactive Data product, the Interactive Data software may record general statistical and tracking information, such as the date and time a client accesses his or her product and the time spent using it. The Interactive Data software transfers this information to Interactive Data's servers, and such information is used exclusively for internal resource management purposes.
> 
> d) Cookies. We use common website management technologies called cookies. A cookie is a small data file, which often includes a unique but non-identifying code that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience and to make it easier for you to use the Websites upon a future visit. Interactive Data will also use cookies to recognize you when you return to our Websites. Our cookies are “persistent,” or permanent, cookies, since they remain on your computer after you end your visit, or “session,” on our Websites. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, though you can manually disable the cookies feature of your browser. You should review the online documentation of your browser or consult with the provider of your browser for instructions on how to disable cookies. If you disable cookies on your computer, some parts of our Websites may not be available to you or may not function as intended.
> 
> e) Referring Sites. Websites that contain links to our Websites are known as “referring sites.” When you enter our Websites from a referring site, we automatically collect information that identifies the referring site and use this information to analyze which third party services send visitors to our Websites and to present appropriate content to our potential customers. Interactive Data tabulates referrer information on an aggregate basis to identify Websites trends and traffic patterns. 

  
3) **WHAT WE DO WITH INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE.** In general we use the information we collect from and about you to provide information and perform Services that you request, to improve our Websites and Services, for our administrative and marketing purposes, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. 

> a) Third Party Service Providers and Vendors. We share your personally identifiable information with third parties with whom we contract to: (i) distribute information relating to our Websites or Services, (ii) maintain email alerts list and fulfill requests submitted via the Websites; (iii) host certain portions or functions of our Websites (such as resume submission or operating a webcast on our behalf); and/or (iv) provide technical or professional services to us. 
> 
> b) Legal Compliance and Protection of Rights. We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties, including law enforcement agencies or others to the extent appropriate to comply with legal requirements; to cooperate in a judicial or other legal proceeding; if we believe that you have harmed, or interfered with (or will imminently harm or interfere with) other Interactive Data users or anyone else; to enforce or apply our Websites Terms and Conditions or other contractual commitments; or to assert, defend, or protect our rights or property or the rights, property, health or safety of our users or other persons. If we receive legal process calling for the disclosure of any of your personally identifiable information we will attempt to notify you via the email address you supplied during the registration within reasonable amount of time before we respond to the request, unless such notification in not permitted. 
> 
>   
>  c) Business Transactions. We may disclose personal information to third parties in connection with a potential or actual transaction or proceeding involving a transfer of some or all of the businesses or assets to which the information pertains. 

4) **ACCESS, CHANGING OR REMOVING PERSONAL INFORMATION.** You may update or request that we delete information that we maintain about you by sending a request to the address provided in Section 9 below, in which case we will update or remove your personally identifiable information from our databases, except as necessary for billing and routine data archiving.

5) **COMMUNICATIONS TO OUR USERS.** Periodically, Interactive Data will send news and information to parties who have expressed interest in Interactive Data. We also may send these updates to persons who submit a request for information via email on our Websites, register to receive email alerts or register to listen to a webcast offered through the Websites. We may engage a third party to distribute such information and updates or operate such webcast on our behalf, which would require us to share your contact information. You can stop receiving these communications by sending an email request to the address listed in Section 9 below. As an alternative, you may write to us with your request, at the mailing address set forth in Section 9.

6) **SECURITY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.** Interactive Data maintains controls to protect the information you provide us. Interactive Data limits access to databases containing personally identifiable information to employees who have a need to access the information. We have put in place security systems designed to prevent unauthorized disclosure of information you provide to us. These systems are structured to deter and prevent hackers and others from accessing this information. Due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, however, we cannot assure that the information you provide us will remain free from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties who, despite our efforts, obtain unauthorized access.

7) **LINKS TO OTHER SITES.** The Websites may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties not affiliated with Interactive Data. The inclusion of any link to such third party sites does not imply endorsement by Interactive Data of those sites. We have not reviewed the sites linked to the Websites and are not responsible for the data-handling practices of any such sites.

8) **CHILDREN**. Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to register for the Services and Interactive Data does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personally identifiable information from persons under the age of 18. If we learn that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will attempt to delete this information from our databases, subject to any technical limitations on our ability to do so. 

9) **NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES.** Interactive Data may change or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post notice of the new or revised policy from the Privacy Policy link on the home page of our Websites. Your use of our Websites following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy, as changed. If we make any significant changes regarding disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties, we will attempt to notify you prior to the date the modified policy takes effect.

10) **  YOUR CONSENT. **By using the Websites, you consent to our collection and use of your information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with some, or all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not become a Subscriber, or otherwise visit the Websites. 

  
11) **CONTACT US.** You may contact us by email or traditional mail at the following addresses: 

> By postal mail:  
>  Interactive Data   
>  32 Crosby Drive  
>  Bedford, MA 01730  
>  Attention: Investor Relations 
> 
> By email: [investorrelations@interactivedata.com](mailto:investorrelations@interactivedata.com)

12) In the event you access websites operated by Interactive Data Desktop Solutions such as, but not limited to the <http://www.esignal.com/> and the <http://www.esignallearning.com/> websites (collectively the “Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites”) as well as any other websites Interactive Data Desktop Solutions may launch from time to time the following additional provisions shall apply: 

> **12.1 What Information We Collect and Use**  
>  In addition to the information set forth in Section 2 above, Interactive Data collects information from users at different points on our Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites and through our software, as follows: 
>
>> **12.1.1 Registration:** In order to subscribe to Interactive Data Desktop Solutions products and services, we require that you complete a registration form. This form may ask for contact information, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, company name, fax number and other basic contact information ("Registration Information"). After submitting your Registration Information, you can view and modify this information within the self-maintenance area of the Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites. You agree to notify Interactive Data Desktop Solutions of any change to your billing address within thirty (30) days of such change. 
>> 
>> **12.1.2. Orders and Requests:** When you subscribe to an Interactive Data Desktop Solutions product or service, we request the appropriate billing information on our order form. This information includes your credit card number, expiration date and billing address ("Order Information"). Order Information is kept with your Registration Information in a database and will be retained for future purchases. 
>> 
>> **12.1.3. Partners:** Interactive Data Desktop Solutions may enter into agreements with other companies that market software or services that either function similarly to Interactive Data Desktop Solutions software or that enhance or extend Interactive Data Desktop Solutions’ functionality. Some of these may be third party products that may utilize components of Interactive Data Desktop Solutions software. Under the terms of these agreements, we may be required to collect information about your sessions and your use of these third party products and share this information with these third parties. 
>> 
>> **12.1.4. Third Party Advertising Companies:** We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.fetchback.com/optout.html). 
>> 
>> **12.1.5. Providers:** A provider is an entity that agrees to pay for the Interactive Data Desktop Solutions services being provided to you. We have entered into contractual agreements with these providers governing the provider arrangement. Under the terms of these agreements, we may be required to collect information about your sessions and your use of your Interactive Data Desktop Solutions product and share this information, along with your personally identifiable information, with the provider paying for your Interactive Data Desktop Solutions service. This information is kept strictly confidential, and is not shared with other third parties, except as provided for in this Privacy Policy. 
>> 
>> **12.1.6 Access to Information:** If you are a resident of Australia, on request, we will provide you with access to personal information that we hold about you collected when you visit our Website or use our Services (unless there is an exception that applies under Australian privacy laws, such as where we have a legal duty of confidentiality). Your request to obtain access will be dealt with in a reasonable time. We may recover from you the reasonable cost of providing you with access. 
> 
> **12.2 What We Do with Information We Collect and Use**  
>  In general, except as provided in this policy, we will not disclose your personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties without your express consent or allowing you to decline to permit the disclosure. There are, however, some limited circumstances, in addition to those set forth in section 3 above,  in which we may need to disclose personally identifiable information about a user without express consent, including, but not limited to, the circumstances set forth below: 
>
>> **12.2.1. Interactive Data Desktop Solutions** **Website Vendors:** We may employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such providing customer service, sending print and electronic mail, processing credit card payments, or other functions necessary to our business. In order to allow these companies to perform their obligations, we may need to share your personally identifiable information with them. However, we will provide these companies with only that information necessary to perform their functions on our behalf, and we will not allow them to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. 
>> 
>> **12.2.2. Resellers:** **** Interactive Data Desktop Solutions may from time to time enter into agreements with companies that resell Interactive Data Desktop Solutions’ products or services, either on Interactive Data Desktop Solutions’ behalf, or on their own behalf on a private labeled basis and/or on a co-branded basis. Under the terms of these agreements, we may be required, and therefore we reserve the right, to share your personally identifiable information with such resellers. Once your personally identifiable information is provided to such resellers, it will no longer be covered by this privacy policy. In those instances, your personally identifiable information will be governed by the privacy policy of the resellers to whom it is provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Interactive Data Desktop Solutions will not share your Order Information with any reseller that is not billing you directly for the re-marketed, private labeled and/or co-branded Interactive Data services to which you subscribe. 
>> 
>> **12.2.3. Interactive Data Publishers and Merchants:** Interactive Data reserves the right to provide to publishers and other merchants for whom Interactive Data Desktop Solutions sells or distributes products or services any personally identifiable information as is necessary to fulfill any requests you may make for their products or services. In addition, merchants of the products you purchase or to which you subscribe through Interactive Data Desktop Solutions may request additional personally identifiable information from you. Interactive Data Desktop Solutions will provide the merchants of such products the information you supply in response to those requests and, following such disclosure by Interactive Data Desktop Solutions, your personally identifiable information will no longer be covered by this policy. In those instances, your personally identifiable information is governed by the privacy policy of the merchants whose products you have purchased or to which you have subscribed. 
>> 
>> **12.2.4. Required by Law:** Interactive Data Desktop Solutions will reveal your personally identifiable information, to the extent we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law. If we receive legal process calling for the disclosure of any of your personally identifiable information we will attempt to notify you via the email address you supplied during registration within a reasonable amount of time before we respond to the request, unless such notification is not permitted. 
> 
> **12.3 Changing or Removing Personal Information; Opting Out**  
>  To ensure that you have appropriate control over your personally identifiable information, you can access your account (after supplying your user name and password) in the Self-Maintenance area of our Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites to update and/or correct the information you have previously submitted. 
> 
> In addition, we provide you with the ability to decline -- or “opt-out of” -- certain mailings and other materials we may offer. For these materials, you will be able to specify whether you wish to opt-out by following directions provided in the Self-Maintenance area, as further detailed in Section 11.4 (Communications to our Users) of our Privacy Policy, below. 
> 
> Finally, if you request, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our active databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. If you wish to remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our database, please create an email with the term “Unsubscribe” in the subject line, and send the email to the address listed in Section 11.9 of this Privacy Policy. As an alternative, you may write to us with your request, at the mailing address set forth in Section 11.9. You will be removed from our databases generally within ten business days of our receipt of your request. You may also request to review or amend any personal information that we maintain about you, by sending a written request to the same address, subject to our verification of your identity acceptance of any proposed revision. 
> 
> **12.4 Communications to our Users**
>
>> **12.4.1. Interactive Data Desktop Solutions:** Interactive Data Desktop Solutions sends emails and/or postal mailings to new subscribers and to provide to existing subscribers information regarding their specific Interactive Data Desktop Solutions products. Periodically, Interactive Data Desktop Solutions will send news and information to subscribers and other parties who have expressed interest in Interactive Data Desktop Solutions and its products. You can opt out of receiving these promotional communications through the Self-Maintenance area of our Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites. For so long as you use Interactive Data Desktop Solutions products and services or otherwise maintain a business relationship with Interactive Data Desktop Solutions, however, you may not opt out of receiving communications from Interactive Data Desktop Solutions relating specifically to those products and services or business relationship. 
>> 
>> **12.4.2. Third Parties:** Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share personally identifiable information with anyone, unless we have informed you of a change to our Privacy Policy and given you the opportunity to then choose to opt out. Interactive Data Desktop Solutions can no longer update any of your personally identifiable information once it has been transferred to such third parties and cannot implement or impose your opt out requests upon such third parties. Instead, you must either contact that third party or refer to its privacy policy to update your personally identifiable information or to let the third party know that you no longer want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about its products, services or offerings. 
> 
> **12.5 Security of Personally Identifiable Information**  
>  Interactive Data Desktop Solutions maintains controls to protect the financial information you provide us, including credit card details, during the product purchase process. These controls include: (1) the use of SSL encryption to safeguard information when transmitted from your web browser to Interactive Data Desktop Solutions; (2) the logical authentication security within the databases that store customers' credit card numbers; and (3) use of encryption of credit card numbers. 
> 
> **12.6 Relationship to Website Terms and Conditions  
>  **Our obligations with respect to your use of the Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Websites are reflected in this Privacy Policy and the Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Website Terms and Conditions and any additional terms of services that may be applicable. 
> 
> **12.7 Contact Us  
>  **For matters relating to Interactive Data Desktop Solutions you may contact us for any reason by email or traditional mail at the following addresses, provided, however, if you wish to provide us with formal notice under our Interactive Data Desktop Solutions Website Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Policy, you must provide your notice in writing, and mail it to the address set forth below: 
>
>> **By mail:  
>  **Interactive Data   
>  PO Box 5028   
>  Hayward, California 94540-5028   
>  Attention: Customer Service
>> 
>> **By email:** ****[Customer Service](mailto:customerservice@interactivedata.com)

Effective date: March 7, 2011 
