> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uclan.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2013-01-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130120014153id_/http%3A//www.uclan.ac.uk/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Privacy - University of Central Lancashire

This privacy policy sets out how UCLan uses and protects any information that you give UCLan when you use this website. 

UCLan is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

UCLan may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 12 April 2012.

## What we collect

We may collect the following information:

  * name and job title 
  * contact information including email address 
  * demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests 
  * other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers



## What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * Internal record keeping. 
  * We may use the information to improve our products and services. 
  * We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. 
  * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.



## Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

## How we use cookies

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").  Google Analytics uses "cookies" to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To opt out of Google Analytics, please visit the following site <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

### Cookies provided by 3rd parties

 Cookie

| 

Host 

| 

Purpose   
  
---|---|---  
  
_utma  
_utmb  
_utmc  
_utmz 

| 

 Google

| 

 Evaluation of this website, compiling reports on website activity  
  
## Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

## Controlling your personal information

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

  * whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes 
  * if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us or emailing [contact us](mailto:contactus@uclan.ac.uk?subject=CRM%20opt-out).



We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to UCLan, Preston, Lancashire, PR1 2HE.
