> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the feedbox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170628135320id_/http%3A//contentqubenetwork.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ContentQube Network

Privacy Policy for oneQube, ContentQube, and its Network of Content Aggregation Services.

We recognize that your privacy is very important and take it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes oneQube’s policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the services, websites, and applications offered by OneQube(the “Services”). By using the Services, you consent to our use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will not use or share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.

Information We Collect and How We Use It

OneQube uses personal information we collect to provide the Services, personalize content, remember information to help you efficiently access your account, analyze how the Services are used, diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, and track user Content and users as necessary to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws.

Information You Directly Provide to Us

There are many occasions when you provide information that may enable us to identify you personally (“Personally Identifiable Information”) while using the Services, such as when you sign up for an account, verify your identity or your status as an Accredited Investor or Qualified Purchaser, make an investment, provide payment instructions, fill out tax form information, provide us with access to your profiles on third party sites, enter your academic or professional experience when creating a prospective employee profile. Personally, Identifiable Information may include your email address, name, phone number, birthday, age, address, Social Security number and/or taxpayer identification number, investment objectives, investment experience, and your educational or professional history.

We may use your email address to send you Services-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. You can control receipt of certain Services-related messages on your OneQube Settings page. We may also use your contact information to send you marketing messages. If you do not want to receive such messages, you may opt out by following the instructions in the message. (Please note it may take up to seven days to process any opt-out requests.) If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.

You also provide us information in user Content you post to the Services. Your questions, answers, and other contributions on the Services, and metadata about them (such as when you posted them), are publicly viewable on the Services, along with your name (unless the Services permit you to post anonymously). This information may be searched by search engines and be republished elsewhere on the Internet in accordance with our Terms of Service.  
If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a contact to the Services, we will ask you for that person’s email address and automatically send an email invitation. OneQube stores this information to send this email, to register your contact if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our invitation service.

What You Automatically Provide To Us When You Use the Service  
OneQube collects non-personally identifiable information regarding your usage of the Services, including the pages and articles and presentations you viewed, time spent using certain features of the website, demographic data such as server locations, connection speed, and other information that does not identify you (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information” and collectively with the Personally Identifiable Information, the “Data”). Like most online services, we may use cookies, log files, clear GIFs, tracking pixels, web beacons, and other technologies some of which are detailed below.

Cookies: When you visit the Services, we may send one or more “cookies” – small data files – to your computer to uniquely identify your browser and let OneQube help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Site. A cookie may convey anonymous information about how you browse the Services to us, but does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser so that it can be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

Log Files: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use the Services, our servers automatically record certain information your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

Clear GIFs Information: When you use the Services, we may employ clear GIFs (also known as web beacons or tracking pixels) to anonymously track online usage patterns. No Personally Identifiable Information from your OneQube account is collected using these clear GIFs. In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information collected is used to enable more accurate reporting and make OneQube better for our users.  
Third Party Services: OneQube may use Google Analytics to help understand use of the Services. Google Analytics collects the information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including cookies and your IP address. Google Analytics and Mixpanel also receive this information and their use of it is governed by their respective privacy policies.

How We Use Your Information

In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive for the following: to deliver and improve our Services; to manage your account and provide you with customer support; to perform research and analysis about your use of the Services; to develop, display, and track Content and advertising tailored to your interests on the Services and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites; website or mobile application analytics; to diagnose or fix technology problems; to automatically update the Services on your device; to verify your identify and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity; to enforce or exercise any rights in our Terms of Use; and to perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or is needed to provide you the Services and may retain Data after you discontinue use of the Services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.

How We Share Your Information  
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy and the terms of use governing our API. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share the Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below.

Personally, Identifiable Information  
Other Users. Your name and other information you choose to add to your profile will be available for public viewing on the Service. If you are an Entrepreneur, most of your Content will be accessible to other users. You may ask us to show your information only to a select set of Investors, and we will do our best to limit disclosure to those Investors, but we cannot promise that no one else will see your information on the Site, nor do we control what users who are allowed to see your information will do with it. If you want your information to remain private, don’t make it available to other users on our Site. If you are an Investor, some of your Content may not be accessible to other users, but other users may still be able to infer certain facts about your income and net worth from your qualification as an Investor on oneQube. If you are a Job Seeker, your information will generally be publicly available; however, we only share your job seeking status, target role and related information with certain recruiters.

Service Providers. OneQube may share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of OneQube (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). Your Personally Identifiable Information may also be shared subject to the terms of use governing our API. OneQube cannot ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information will be protected, controlled or otherwise managed pursuant to this Privacy Policy if you share your login and password information with any third party, including any third party operating a website or providing other services.  
Business Transfers. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personally Identifiable Information may be part of the transferred assets.  
Your Content. We may share or disclose your information with your consent, such as if you choose to sign on to the Services through a third-party service. We cannot control such third parties’ use of your information.

Legal Compliance.  
OneQube may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect oneQube’s rights or property.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information  
Interested Third Parties. We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain OneQube services.

Third-party Advertisers.  
OneQube may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Services. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on oneQube. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. OneQube does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks OneQube to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The OneQube Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.

How We Protect Your Information  
OneQube uses industry-standard physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to OneQube or guarantee that your information on the Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, managerial, or technical safeguards.  
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of such a breach of security, OneQube will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.

Your Choices About Your Information  
You may, of course, decline to submit Personally Identifiable Information through the Services, in which case OneQube may not be able to provide certain services to you. In addition, you may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by logging into your account. If you would like us to remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our database, please send a request to: info@oneQube.com.com  
We are not responsible for revising or removing your Personally Identifiable Information obtained by any third party who has previously been provided your information by us in accordance with this policy or any third party to whom you have provided such information (whether by sharing your login and password, or otherwise).

Children’s Privacy  
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. OneQube does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register with the Services. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information on this Site. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will take steps to remove that information.

Links to Other Web Sites  
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by oneQube. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our Site, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy  
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this page. You should review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes. You can determine if changes have been made by checking the Effective Date below. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means you consent to such changes.

Where We Store Your Information  
The Services are maintained in the United States of America. Although we welcome users from all over the world, by accessing the Services, you consent to and authorize the export of Personally Identifiable Information to the United States and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy. Note the laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive or protective as laws in the country where you live.
