> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the feedingamerica.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161126161744id_/http%3A//www.feedingamerica.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Protecting Supporters Privacy | Feeding America

_Updated October 17, 2016  
_

Feeding America strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our supporters through all of our communication channels, as well as from visitors to our Website. The protection of your privacy is of great importance to us, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that you provide to us and that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, postal address, telephone number(s), email address, or any other information, provided to us by our supporters and Website visitors (hereinafter “Personal Information”), as well as certain non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Internet Explorer or Firefox), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g., AT&T or Verizon), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited (hereinafter “Aggregate Data”).

This policy also applies when you use social media that overlaps Feeding America’s social media and/or website.  This policy does not apply to information or data Feeding America purchases from other sources.  Feeding America uses its best efforts to not share information it collects from those persons it provides services to (commonly referred to as “clients”).  See our [donor privacy policy](http://www.feedingamerica.org/privacy-policy/donor-privacy-policy.html "Donor Privacy Policy").  for how we use information we collect through social media fundraising efforts, including, but not limited to MGive and similar mobile text to give programs.

This policy will be updated periodically, so please be sure to reread it from time to time. The most recent date the privacy policy was updated is provided at the top of the page. By submitting your personal information to us, you are agreeing that Feeding America may use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.

**Feeding America’s Collection and Use of Personal Information:**

Feeding America collects Personal Information supplied to us voluntarily by supporters, volunteers, and visitors to this Website.  We may use such voluntarily provided information to improve our understanding of your interests, to improve our services, or to contact you for future support. In order to utilize certain features of our site or receive information from Feeding America or make a donation, you may choose to provide Personal Information. If you do submit information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other Feeding America activities and/or fundraising campaigns, to conduct matching on Facebook or other social media, or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection.  We may also use your name, postal address and telephone number(s) to contact you offline.  We may share your Personal Information with certain nonprofit or commercial organizations, including your designated local food bank in the Feeding America network based on the address your provide, so that they may contact you about products, services or offers that we think would be of interest to you.  If you do not wish us to contact you offline, receive such mailings or share your information with these organizations, you may opt out by contacting us in accordance with the [“Opt Out” section of this policy](http://help.feedingamerica.org/site/PageServer?pagename=contactus) .

Feeding America uses third-party vendors to provide services on this Website and in offline business operations. The information that you submit on this site may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating fundraising activities, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.

Other than as described in this privacy policy, or as may be necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of our organization or others, or as may be necessary to comply with applicable law, Feeding America will not give or sell the Personal Information you provide online.

Feeding America uses the non-personally identifiable Aggregate Data information to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable Feeding America to personalize your Internet experience.  Feeding America may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs.  Also, Feeding America shares this Aggregate Data with Feeding America’s related entities, advertisers, partners, and/or other third party vendors.  Feeding America shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.

**Google Analytics**

Feeding America uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) which allows us to provide our web visitors with a more customized experience and increases the effectiveness and productivity of our site and our electronic communications capacity.  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site including specific pathways and matching users of the site to individuals within Feeding America’s donor and other databases, as well as matching users across different computer and mobile devices. The Non-Personal Information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers in the United States.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.  However, outside of the Google Analytics platform, Feeding America may use unique IDs to link Personal Information to Google Analytics data. **You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site**  – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this [Google page.](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

**ClickTale**

Feeding america use the ClickTale customer experience analytics service. The ClickTale service helps us more effectively analyze how visitors use our Website. We do not collect any Personal Information through the ClickTale service nor do we transfer any such information to ClickTale. We only use the ClickTale service to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-Personal Information text you type in this website. ClickTale does not create a user profile for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated web sites and will only use such information pursuant to its Privacy Policy (located at http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx). You can choose to disable the ClickTale service at <http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html>

**Use of Email Address:**

When you donate to Feeding America or sign up on our Website, take an advocacy action, share your story or complete some other data form, you will be asked to supply your email address. Feeding America does not sell or rent your email address to any third party.  Feeding America does share your email address with local food banks in the Feeding America Network.  Email addresses gathered from donors or subscribers to Feeding America are only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information, to member food banks, and to contracted service providers and vendors for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you. 

Feeding America and its network of member food banks will only use your email address to send information about Feeding America and our network (such as news and events, special programs, and fundraising).  From time to time, we may send out email messages that might include information about like-missioned organizations and companies, but we do not provide them with access to any Personal Information that you have provided. 

Feeding America complies with those provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act applicable to charitable organizations.  All email messages contain a link to unsubscribe from Feeding America email.  You may subscribe or unsubscribe to Feeding America at any time by [contacting Feeding America](http://help.feedingamerica.org/site/PageServer?pagename=contactus) or sending a notice by United States mail to the following address at the end of this policy.  Feeding America holds the Better Business Bureau’s Accredited Charity Seal and follows the Direct Marketing Association’s Guidelines for Ethical Business Practice.  Please see our [Donor Privacy Policy](http://www.feedingamerica.org/privacy-policy/donor-privacy-policy.html "Donor Privacy Policy") for how we use other Personal Information collected from donors to Feeding America.

**Your California Privacy Rights:**

Residents of California with whom Feeding America has an established business relationship, are entitled to certain information with respect to the types of personal information we share with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.  Please review this privacy policy closely for information on how we share such information.

To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Feeding America pursuant to California law, please [contact us](http://help.feedingamerica.org/site/PageServer?pagename=contactus).

**User Submissions:**

Feeding America welcomes your comments and participation on its site.  However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, stories, photos, videos, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information, the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Feeding America.  By submission of any information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.

As a user of this site, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting.  Therefore, do not impersonate another person and not transmit material to us that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner of have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; do not send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you won them or have the permission of the owner; do not send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; do not send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; and do not send sexually explicit images, advertising or solicitations of business, or chain letters.

You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to Feeding America through any medium is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others, and not in violation of any other third party’s rights.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that all submissions will become the property of Feeding America and that Feeding America has the right to publish or republish the submission for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes without compensation to you of any kind.  Should your submission include third party materials, you grant, represent and warrant that you, as well as the owner of such content, have expressly granted Feeding America a royalty-free, perpetual, irreovocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the submission in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed.  Feeding America shall have the right to sublicense its rights.

**Use of “Cookies”:**

The Feeding America Website may use “cookies” and similar means to collect aggregate statistical information. Aggregate information does not identify any individual person. We may use or disclose aggregate information for any purpose. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and are designed to be read only by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies are also used to recognize visitor preferences, temporarily store session information and past activity at our site in order to provide better service and easier access when individuals return to our site. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Websites you visit. We use third-party advertising companies to create and distribute advertising on our behalf. These companies may also employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Specifically, Feeding America uses an Atlas Universal tag to collect anonymous cookie-based data about users who perform certain actions on a website. This data is used for measurement purposes to gauge the effectiveness of media across browsers and devices. Data collected with Atlas Universal Tags is reported on in aggregate, or via anonymous cookie-level log files. For more information on Atlas, you can view their privacy policy on [their website](http://atlassolutions.com/privacy-policy/). Feeding America also utilizes Criteo Email Remarketing. The purpose of Criteo Email is to find visitors of Criteo advertising clients’ properties (websites, apps, and newsletters) and send them personalized emails. Criteo uses cookies to single out users and then personalize ads based on their browsing experience. To learn more or opt out of Criteo Email [visit their website](http://www.criteo.com/privacy/). Any information these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is anonymous. Feeding America may use cookies to remarket to you across the internet. The use of cookies allows Feeding America to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website. To specifically opt-out of display remarketing ads click on the blue triangle called ‘AdChoices’ in the right hand corner of the ad and follow the instructions. Please note if you delete your cookies or switch devices this exclusion won’t carry over. You can also visit the [Network Advertising Opt Out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to more broadly opt out of remarketing.

**Disabling Cookies:**

To remove cookies from your computer, visit your Internet browser's "Help" section for information on how to delete cookies. In addition, there are many Websites that provide browser and operating system specific information on how to delete cookies. When thinking about whether you want to delete cookies, you should be aware that some sites require cookies to function properly. After you delete cookies, you may have to re-register with some sites or you may notice difficulty in browsing some sites.

**Security:**  
This Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. The security measures used on this site include, but are not limited to, industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, firewalls, and internal policies to maintain the security of stored data. While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. **  
**

**Warranties**

FEEDING AMERICA MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, OR SAFETY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITH SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. FEEDING AMERICA MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND THAT THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT HOSTS THE SITE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER FORMS OF HARMFUL COMPUTER CODE. IN NO EVENT SHALL FEEDING AMERICA, ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PERSON WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THIS WEBSITE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE.

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED, FEEDING AMERICA EXPRESLLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, CONTENT, AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR MERCHANDISE FOUND ON THIRD PARTY STIES THAT LINK TO OR FROM THE FEEDING AMERICA SITE.  FEEDING AMERICA DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR PRODUCT OR SERVICE ORDERING FUNCTIONS, ORDER FULFILLMENT OR COMPLIANCE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WITH ANY MANUFACTURER’S WARRANTIES OR SPECIFICATIONS.  FEEDING AMERICA CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSBILE FOR THE MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIRD PARTY SITES AND/OR RELATED SERVICES NOR DOES FEEDING AMERICA MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU MIGHT BE REQUESTED TO GIVE TO THIRD PARTY SITES.

**External Links**

Links to other Websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those Websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this site. Links to other Websites are provided by Feeding America as a convenience to its users. Feeding America is not responsible for the materials contained at any Website linked to this site. If you visit the Websites of any of our partners, please consult their privacy policy.  Our privacy policies and terms of use apply only to your use of the Feeding America site and direct interactions with Feeding America. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.

**A Special Note About Children:**

Feeding America does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  You must be 13 years of age or older to access the site.  Feeding America has no interest in collecting information from children under the age of 13.

**Binding Effect/Modification of Policy and Terms**

By accessing the Feeding America Website, you agree that the terms, combined with your act of using the Website and/or services offered on or through the Website have the same legal force and effect as a written contract with your written signature and satisfy any laws that require a writing or signature, including any applicable stature of frauds.  You further agree that you shall not challenge the validity, enforceability or admissibility of the terms on the grounds that it was electronically transmitted or authorized.  In addition, you acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to print the terms.

Feeding America may change this Privacy Policy and Terms of use at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy and Terms of Use on the Website.  Your continued viewing of or use of this Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.

** Opt-out/Contact Feeding America:**

****If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications or should you wish to opt-out of having your information shared by Feeding America, please contact Feeding America at the below address or phone number or submit your request via Feeding America’s website[Contact Us form](http://help.feedingamerica.org/site/PageServer?pagename=contactus).

Postal Mail:     
Feeding America  
PO Box 96749  
Washington DC 20077-7746  
Telephone:    (800) 771-2303

All opt-out requests will be honored, but please be patient with us as it may take six (6) to eight (8) weeks for opt-out changes to be fully implemented.

Should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, contact Feeding America at:

Attn:                Privacy Officer  
Postal Mail:     
Feeding America                          
National Office  
35 East Wacker Drive, Suite 2000  
Chicago, IL  60601
