> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvland.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217144644id_/http%3A//www.tvland.com/legal/index.jhtml%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy

| 

#### TVLAND.COM TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT

Last modified on February 21, 2008 and is effective immediately. 

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

This is the official Terms of Use Agreement (" _Agreement_ ") for tvland.com (" _Site_ "), an Internet website offered in cooperation with the TV Land television channel (" _TV Land Channel_ "). The TV Land Channel and tvland.com (together, " _TV Land_ ," " _we_ ," " _us_ ," or " _our_ "), are provided by MTV Networks (" _MTVN_ "), a division of Viacom International Inc. (together with MTVN, the " _Parent Companies_ "). This Agreement governs only the content, features, and activities related to this Site and does not cover MTVN's "Jobhunt" website or the websites for any other MTVN programming channels, the Parent Companies, any subsidiaries or affiliates of TV Land and the Parent Companies (" _Affiliates_ "), or any other company, unless specifically stated. 

This Site is offered and made available only to users 14 years of age or older who reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions (" _U.S._ "). **If you are not yet 14 years old, or do not reside in the U.S., please discontinue using the Site immediately, or if for any reason, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, please discontinue using the Site immediately because by using or attempting to use the Site, you certify that you are at least 14 years of age and meet any other eligibility and residency requirements of the Site.**

These terms and conditions regarding your use of the Site constitute a legally binding agreement between you and TV Land and the Parent Companies. In this Agreement, the term "Site" includes all websites and web pages within the Site as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Site. By using this Site, you understand, acknowledge and agree that you will abide by the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms that govern certain products and services, which will be presented in conjunction with those products and services (" _Additional Terms_ ") including, but not limited to, the [User Content Submission Agreement](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217144644id_/http%3A//www.tvland.com/legal/submission_agreement.jhtml) which governs your submission of User Content (as such term is defined therein). The Site may also provide rules of participation (" _Rules_ ") for certain activities and services including, but not limited to, contests and sweepstakes, award programs, membership clubs, email, and dating services. The Site's Additional Terms and the Privacy Policy and the Rules are hereby incorporated in this Agreement by reference. To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and Additional Terms for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Additional Terms shall govern. To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and the specific Rules for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Rules shall govern. This Agreement will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site and in the event of termination of any membership, service or feature, you will still be bound by your obligations under this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and any Additional Terms or Rules, including any indemnifications, warranties and limitations of liability. 

The words " _use_ " or " _using_ " in this Agreement means any time an individual (a " _user_ "), directly or indirectly, with or without the aid of a machine or device, does or attempts to access, interact with, use, display, view, print or copy from the Site, transmit, receive or exchange data or communicate with the Site, or in any way utilizes, benefits, takes advantage of or interacts with any function, service or feature of the Site, for any purpose whatsoever. This Agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content or sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages. This is the entire and exclusive Agreement between you and us regarding use of the Site and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described below in _Section 2_. 

**1\. REGISTRATION**  
We may require each user to have a unique user name and password combination in order to access and use certain features or functions of the Site and may also, from time to time, provide users with additional codes or passwords necessary to access and use certain features or functions of the Site. Please read our Privacy Policy, which describes the personally identifiable information (" _Personal Information_ ") we collect, use, disclose, manage and store. As part of the registration process for the feature or function, you will choose a user name and password (or we may assign an initial password which we will give you the option to change). Your user name and password are personal to you and you may not allow any others to use your user name or password under any circumstances. We are not liable for any harm caused or related to the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password, disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password. You agree to immediately notify us if you become aware of or believe there is or may have been any unauthorized use of (or activity using) your user name or password or any other need to deactivate your user name or password due to security concerns. 

**2\. MODIFICATIONS**  
We reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, for any reason in our sole discretion, to change the terms of this Agreement. We will post or display notices of material changes on the Site and/or e-mail you or notify you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion. Once we post them on the Site, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the Site after they become effective, it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes. You should check back frequently and review the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the User Content Submission Agreement, other Additional Terms, Rules and Privacy Policy, regularly so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to you and the terms and conditions of your agreement with us. 

**3\. OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**  
The contents of this Site, including all Site software, design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio and video material, artwork, graphic material, databases, proprietary information and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protectible elements of the Site, including, without limitation, the selection, sequence and 'look and feel' and arrangement of items, and all trademarks, service marks and trade names (individually and/or collectively, the " _Material_ "), are the property of the Parent Companies, and their Affiliates, and any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective licensors, Advertisers (as defined below), suppliers, and operational service providers and are legally protected, without limitation, under U.S. Federal and State, as well as applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties. Unless the context clearly requires otherwise or we explicitly say so in writing, the term "Site" includes "Material" as well. The Site is to be used solely for your noncommercial, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable and limited personal use and for no other purposes. You must not alter, delete or conceal any copyright or other notices contained on the Site, including notices on any Material you download, transmit, display, print or reproduce from the Site. You shall not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third party website), or otherwise use, any Material without the express prior written consent of MTVN or its owner if MTVN is not the owner. Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Material may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable federal, state and local laws. We require users to respect our copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. We likewise respect the intellectual property of others. On notice, we will act expeditiously to remove content on the Site that infringes the copyright rights of others and will disable the access to the Site and its services of anyone who uses them to repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

We take protection of copyrights, both our own and others, very seriously. We therefore employ multiple measures to prevent copyright infringement over this Site and to promptly end any infringement that might occur. If you believe that the Site contains elements that infringe your copyrights in your work, please follow the procedures set forth in our [Copyright Compliance Policy](https://web.archive.org/legal/compliancepolicy.jhtml). 

**4\. ADVERTISING**  
From time to time, you may communicate with, receive communications from, be re-directed to, interact with, or participate in or use the services of or obtain goods and services from, third parties (collectively, the " _Advertisers_ ") such as our advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners as a result of your use of the Site. All such communications, interactions and participation is strictly and solely between you and such Advertisers and we shall not be responsible or liable to you in any way in connection with these activities or transactions (including, without limitation, any representations, warranties, covenants, contracts or other terms or conditions that may exist between you and the Advertisers or any goods or services you may purchase or obtain from any Advertisers). 

**5\. RULES OF CONDUCT**  
Your use of the Site is subject to all applicable local, state and national laws and regulations and, in some cases, international treaties. You are solely responsible for all activities, acts and omissions that occur in, from, through or under your user name or password. You shall not use, allow, or enable others to use the Site, or knowingly condone use of this Site by others, in any manner that is, attempts to, or is likely to: 

  * be libelous, defamatory, indecent, vulgar or obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit or sexually suggestive, racially, culturally, or ethnically offensive, harmful, harassing, intimidating, threatening, hateful, objectionable, discriminatory, or abusive, or which may or may appear to impersonate anyone else; 
  * affect us adversely or reflect negatively on us, the Site, our goodwill, name or reputation or cause duress, distress or discomfort to us or anyone else, or discourage any person, firm or enterprise from using all or any portion, features or functions of the Site, or from advertising, linking or becoming a supplier to us in connection with the Site; 
  * send or result in the transmission of junk e-mail, chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited messages, or so-called "spamming" and "phishing"; 
  * be used for commercial or business purposes, including, without limitation, advertising, marketing or offering goods or services, whether or not for financial or any other form of compensation or through linking with any other website or web pages; 
  * transmit, distribute or upload programs or material that contain malicious code, such as viruses, timebombs, cancelbots, worms, trojan horses, spyware, or other potentially harmful programs or other material or information; 
  * forge any TCP/IP packet header or part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting for any reason; 
  * violate any laws, regulations (including, without limitation, laws regarding the transmission of technical data or software exported from the United States), judicial or governmental order or any treaties, or violate or infringe upon any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other rights of ours or of any other person, firm or enterprise; gain unauthorized access to the Site, other users' accounts, names, passwords, personally identifiable information or other computers, websites or pages, connected or linked to the Site or to use the Site in any manner which violates or is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; 
  * modify, disrupt, impair, alter or interfere with the use, features, functions, operation or maintenance of the Site or the rights of use and enjoyment of the Site by any other person, firm or enterprise; or 
  * collect, obtain, compile, gather, transmit, reproduce, delete, revise, view or display any material or information, whether personally identifiable or not, posted by or concerning any other person, firm or enterprise, in connection with their or your use of the Site, unless you have obtained the express, prior permission of such other person, firm or enterprise to do so. 



**6\. SHOPPING**  
All goods and services offered for sale on the Site (" _Products_ ") are guaranteed by the manufacturer, licensor or distributor against defects in material and workmanship for 30 days from the date of the invoice. Within that time period, just contact Customer Service (see contact information on the applicable e-commerce page) and we will coordinate attempting to correct, repair or replace the defective Product or, if applicable, in obtaining a refund for you. We have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for goods or services you may obtain from or through other websites or web pages, even if you were directed or linked to such a site or page through the Site, nor are we responsible for assisting you in correcting any problem you may experience with Products if you do not notify us within the 30 day period noted above or for any goods or services not obtained directly on the Site. You agree that your sole and exclusive remedy and our sole, exclusive and maximum liability arising from or relating in any way to any Product shall be the amount you actually paid us (or our suppliers, operational service providers, or other e-commerce partners) for it. **EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO ANY AND ALL PRODUCTS. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY MADE IN WRITING, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY AND EVERY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.**

Products may be purchased while supplies last. If a Product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for that Product, whether or not the order has been confirmed and even if your account has been charged (in which event we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of the charge). 

Our creation or transmission of an order confirmation does not signify acceptance of your order, nor constitute a binding confirmation of an offer to sell any Product and we reserve the right to accept or decline your order for any reason up until the time the Product is actually delivered to you. We reserve the right at any time, without prior notice, to limit or reduce the quantity you ordered of any Product and we will notify you if we do so. All orders placed over $500.00 (U.S.) must obtain pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and authorization policies and practices in effect at the time of your order. We may contact you and require additional information from you before we grant such pre-approval. Products on the Site are offered for sale only to end user customers or as personal gifts to end user customers and not for resale. We do not knowingly accept orders from dealers, exporters, wholesalers, distributors, resellers or other similar persons or companies, and reserve the right to refuse, cancel or seek the return of any Products that are purchased in violation of the foregoing restrictions. 

You are responsible for any taxes imposed on the sale or use of Products and applicable taxes will be added to the amount charged for Products purchased on the Site. If an order consists of multiple items, they may be shipped separately depending on availability. 

**7\. WIRELESS MARKETING SERVICES AND PROMOTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES**  
TV Land may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special promotions, services, news, programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones. Users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from TV Land, either by registering on this Site or via their wireless device. Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies or Affiliates for TV Land. The information requested as part of the online registration process is a user's telephone number or a wireless email address, but only if specifically requested, and the carrier's name. Optional information may be requested for specific promotions, such as a user's preferences regarding goods or services, or other similar survey information. Depending on the promotion, we may also collect an Internet email address or other information and, depending on the information collected, the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to the Site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement. 

Users that register for TV Land's wireless marketing services acknowledge, understand and agree that they will be charged by the user's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from TV Land. Standard messaging rates will apply, unless noted otherwise. **Under no circumstances will TV Land, the Parent Companies or any Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user's wireless device, telephone number, or email address**. 

A user understands, acknowledges and agrees that TV Land may, at its sole discretion and without liability to any user, terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice. TV Land may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site. 

**8\. VIRAL FEATURES**  
There may be portions of our Site, content, functionality or features (e.g, digital streaming media player(s)) (" _Viral Features_ ") that we make available to users for your personal use. While we can obviously change how, to whom and to what extent we make these Viral Features available at any time without any notice and in our sole discretion, so long as they are available to you, whenever you visit our Site or take advantage of any of these Viral Features (whether you use these Viral Features on your own personal or customized web pages, whether they are displayed or appear embedded or housed within a web page or website of anyone else, whether a commercial website or web page, an advertisement, promotional message or even a personalized or customized web page of a friend or through any device that can access any of these Viral Features), you agree not to download any content made available as part of the Viral Features and acknowledge that such content is available only for streaming viewing and, further, that you are bound by the applicable provisions of this Agreement and our Privacy Policy . 

**9. POSTINGS**  
Your comments, suggestions and information are important to us. Portions of this Site may provide you and other users an opportunity to participate in forum services, blogs, web communities and other message and communication facilities (" _Communities_ ") and may provide you with the opportunity, through such Communities or otherwise, to submit, post, display, transmit and/or exchange: (a) information, ideas, opinions, messages or other information (" _Post_ " or " _Postings_ "), and (b) User Content (as defined in the [User Content Submission Agreement](https://web.archive.org/legal/submission_agreement.jhtml) ), your submission of which is also governed by the terms and conditions therein, and considered a Posting for purposes of this Agreement. You understand, acknowledge and agree that such Postings are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Postings originated. This means that you are solely and entirely responsible for the consequences of all Postings that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site. Postings do not reflect the views of TV Land, the Parent Companies or the Affiliates. We do not monitor, endorse, edit or screen any Postings, although we reserve the right to do so, nor shall we be liable for any Posting that is in violation of this Agreement. In no event shall TV Land, the Parent Companies or the Affiliates have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any Posting whatsoever; however, if we determine, in our sole discretion and judgment, that any Posting does or may violate any of the terms of this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, at law or in equity, to: (a) refuse to allow you to Post; (b) remove and delete Postings; (c) revoke your right to use the Site; and/or (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to us to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration on the Site. 

If a Posting originates from you or your account, you hereby agree that: (a) you are placing the Posting in the public domain without reservation of any rights or further control over the Posting or its use and you specifically authorize TV Land, the Parent Companies and their Affiliates to use such Posting in whole or in part, throughout the universe, in perpetuity in or on any and all media, now known or hereafter devised, and alone or together with or as part of other information, content and/or material of any kind or nature; (b) you represent and warrant that (i) the Posting is original to you and/or fully cleared for use as contemplated herein, (ii) the Posting does and will not, in any way, violate or breach any of the terms of this Agreement, (iii) the Posting does not contain libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information, infringe or violate any copyright or other right, or contain any matter the publication or sale of which will violate any federal or state statute or regulation, (iv) the Posting is not obscene or in any other manner unlawful, (v) the Posting shall not be injurious to the health of any user, and (vi) we shall not be required to pay or incur any sums to any person or entity as a result of our use or exploitation of the Posting; and (c) if your Posting incorporates the name, logo, brand, service or trademark, voice, likeness or image of any person, firm or enterprise, you specifically represent and warrant that (i) you have the right to place such Posting in the public domain and to grant TV Land, the Parent Companies and their Affiliates the right to use all such Postings as described above, (ii) the Posting was produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and (iii) for any User Content Posting that contains original videos, you will comply with any applicable identification verification and record-keeping requirements, and you will secure and maintain the requisite personal information and identification documentation for all individuals who appear in any such original videos, as may be required by law and/or otherwise requested or required by us in connection with our corporate compliance policies and practices, which includes (y) the individual's full legal name, current address, date of birth and (z) a legible photocopy of a valid government-issued identification document (e.g., a U.S. passport, state driver's license or valid photo ID card) to verify the individual's identity. With the submission of each such Posting, MTV, the Parent Companies and the Affiliates reserve the right to request that you, and upon such request you must, deliver a full and complete set of such identification verification records to us, as well as a legible photocopy of your valid driver's license, passport or other acceptable government-issued photo identification for our verification and record-keeping purposes. In addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree to abide by our policies regarding governmental certification procedures relating to the foregoing identification verification and record-keeping procedures and, if applicable, you will promptly comply with any specific requests or directions we give you in connection with Postings you submit that may be subject to these requirements. 

You understand, acknowledge and agree that we have the right to delete, re-format and/or change your Postings in any manner that we may determine (although you will not be responsible for any such changes made). The amount of storage space on the Site per user is limited. Some Postings may not be processed due to space constraints or outbound message limitations. You understand, acknowledge and agree that we assume no responsibility for deletion of Postings or any failure to store, receive or deliver Postings in a timely manner or any other matter relating to Postings. 

Posting is for noncommercial purposes only and you may not Post in any manner which does or is intended to promote or generate revenue for any business enterprise or commercial activity. 

If you believe that any content on the Site (including, without limitation, Postings) violates any of the terms of this Agreement (except for any notices covered by the [Copyright Compliance Policy](https://web.archive.org/legal/compliancepolicy.jhtml) ), please [click here](mailto:community@tvland.com) to send us a message about it (please refer to our Copyright Compliance Policy for any notices covered by the [Copyright Compliance Policy](https://web.archive.org/legal/compliancepolicy.jhtml)). We cannot guarantee that we will respond to your message and we reserve the right to take or refrain from taking any or all steps available to us once we receive any such message. 

**10\. CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES, AUCTIONS AND PROMOTIONS**  
From time to time, TV Land, the Parent Companies, the Affiliates and/or the Site's operational service providers, suppliers, and Advertisers, may conduct promotions on or through the Site, including, without limitation, auctions, contests and sweepstakes (" _Promotions_ "). Each Promotion may have Additional Terms and/or Rules which will be posted or otherwise made available to you and, for purposes of each Promotion, will be deemed incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement. 

**11\. RSS FEEDS and PODCASTS**  
The Site may provide RSS Feeds (" _RSS Feeds_ ") consisting of selected text, audio, video, and photographic content (" _Content_ ") from the Site that is provided over the Internet using an XML feed. Certain RSS Feeds may be podcasts (" _Podcasts_ ") which may include as part of the Content an associated audio, video and/or photographic file where the audio and/or video file may be downloaded and played from a user's computer or transferred to a portable listening device. Certain software and hardware is required for users to download and view and/or play Content through RSS Feeds. 

Content is protected by U.S. Federal and State laws, and applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties, and all rights in and to the Content are reserved to TV Land or the content provider. Content is available for personal, noncommercial use only and you may download, copy and/or transfer the RSS Feeds and associated Content to a portable listening or viewing device or a computer for your personal, non-commercial use only. You shall not, nor will you allow any third party to, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party, or otherwise use any Content except as expressly authorized in this _Section 11_. 

By your access to and use of RSS Feeds, you understand, acknowledge and agree that TV Land, the Parent Companies and the Affiliates do not warrant that their RSS Feeds will operate on all user equipment. Please see the "Disclaimer and Limitations of Liability" section below for further details. 

**12\. HYPERLINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES**  
The appearance, availability, or your use of URLs or hyperlinks referenced or included anywhere on the Site or any other form of link or re-direction of your connection to, with or through the Site, does not constitute an endorsement by, nor does it incur any obligation, responsibility or liability on the part of, TV Land, the Parent Companies or any of their Affiliates, any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers. We do not verify, endorse or have any responsibility for any such third party sites, their business practices (including their privacy policies), or any goods or services associated with or obtained in connection with any such site, whether TV Land's, the Parent Companies' or any of their Affiliates' logos or sponsorship identification is on the third party site as part of a co-branding or promotional arrangement. If any third party site obtains or collects Personal Information from you, in no event shall we assume or have any responsibility or liability. Please read our Privacy Policy which describes how TV Land collects and uses your Personal Information and co-branding relationships. 

**13\. DEACTIVATION/TERMINATION OF YOUR REGISTRATION OR USE**  
If you are registered to use the Site, you may deactivate your account on the Site at any time and for any reason. [Click here](mailto:community@tvland.com) to send your request to have your account deactivated. We may terminate your use of and registration on the Site, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, without prior notice to you and without any liability or further obligation of any kind whatsoever to you or any other party. 

**14. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY**  
THIS SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND POSTINGS ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ANY GUARANTY OR ASSURANCE THE SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR USE, OR THAT ALL PRODUCTS, FEATURES, FUNCTIONS OR OPERATIONS WILL BE AVAILABLE OR PERFORM AS DESCRIBED. Without limiting the foregoing, we are not responsible or liable for any malicious code, delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions arising out of your use of the Site. You understand, acknowledge and agree that you are assuming the entire risk as to the quality, accuracy, performance, timeliness, adequacy, completeness, correctness, authenticity, security and validity of any and all features and functions of the Site, including, without limitation, Postings and Materials associated with your use of the Site. 

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, TV LAND, THE PARENT COMPANIES, AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, OPERATIONAL SERVICE PROVIDERS, ADVERTISERS, AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY THE " _MTVN PARTIES_ "), SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES, OF ANY KIND, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM USE OF THE SITE OR FROM THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. 

Notwithstanding any claim that a sole or exclusive remedy which is provided in this Agreement may or does fail of its essential purpose, you specifically acknowledge and agree that your sole and exclusive remedy for any loss or damage shall be to have the Parent Companies, upon written notice from you to us, attempt to repair, correct or replace any deficient goods or services under this Agreement and, if repair, correction or replacement is not reasonably commercially practicable for the Parent Companies, to refund any monies actually paid by you for the Products involved and to terminate and discontinue your use of the Site. You further understand and acknowledge the capacity of the Site, in the aggregate and for each user, is limited. Consequently some messages and transmissions may not be processed in a timely fashion or at all, and some features or functions may be restricted or delayed or become completely inoperable. As a result, you acknowledge and agree that the MTVN Parties assume no liability, responsibility or obligation to transmit, process, store, receive or deliver transactions or Postings or for any failure or delay associated with any Postings and you are hereby expressly advised not to rely upon the timeliness or performance of the Site for any transactions or Postings. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of certain warranties or certain limitations on damages and remedies; accordingly some of the exclusions and limitations described in this Agreement may not apply to you. 

**15\. INDEMNIFICATION**  
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the MTVN Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from any breach or violation of this Agreement by you, or public posting of your Postings. 

The Parent Companies reserve the right to assume, at their sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any such claim or action and all negotiations for settlement or compromise, and you agree to fully cooperate with the Parent Companies in the defense of any such claim, action, settlement or compromise negotiations, as requested by the Parent Companies. 

**16\. PRIVACY**  
We respect your privacy and the use and protection of your Personal Information. Please see our Privacy Policy for important information and disclosures relating to the collection and use of your Personal Information in connection with your use of the Site. 

**17\. LAW THAT APPLIES TO THIS AGREEMENT; MISCELLANEOUS TERMS**  
This Agreement, together with any Additional Terms, Rules, our Privacy Policy and any other regulations, procedures and policies which we refer to and which are hereby incorporated by reference, contains the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Site and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating to the Site and your use of the Site. This Agreement cannot be changed or terminated orally. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this will not affect any other provisions and the Agreement will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable. Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive the termination of this Agreement; however, no action arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Site, regardless of form or the basis of the claim, may be brought by you more than one (1) year after the cause of action has arisen (or if multiple causes, from the date the first such cause arose). 

This Agreement and your use of the Site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of New York (notwithstanding the State's conflict of laws provisions) applicable to contracts made, executed and wholly performed in New York, and, for the purposes of any and all legal or equitable actions, you specifically agree and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal Courts situated in the State and County of New York and agree you will not object to such jurisdiction or venue on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction, forum non conveniens or otherwise. To the extent it may be applicable, you agree to opt out from and expressly exclude any applicability of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act. IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED TO ENFORCE ANY RIGHT OR OBLIGATION OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY NOW HAVE OR HEREAFTER POSSESS TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 

**Back to top**

#### PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

This is the official privacy policy (" _Privacy Policy_ ") for tvland.com (" _Site_ "), an Internet website offered in cooperation with the TV Land television channel (" _TV Land Channel_ "). The TV Land Channel and tvland.com (together, " _TV Land_ ," " _we_ ," " _us_ ," or " _our_ ") are provided by MTV Networks (" _MTVN_ "), a division of Viacom International Inc. (together with MTVN, the " _Parent Companies_ "). This Privacy Policy governs only the personally identifiable information (" _Personal Information_ ") collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner or for any other purpose, or for or by MTVN's "Jobhunt" website or the websites for any other MTVN programming channels, the Parent Companies, any subsidiaries or affiliates of TV Land and the Parent Companies (" _Affiliates_ "), or any other company, unless specifically stated. 

**Overview: This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and inform you as to:**

  * The kinds of Personal Information we collect from users of the Site and how that information is collected;
  * How we use your Personal Information; 
  * The circumstances under which we disclose Personal Information to third parties; 
  * How you can access, update or delete any Personal Information collected about you by us; and
  * The mechanisms we have implemented to protect your Personal Information. 



This Site is offered and made available only to users 14 years of age or older who reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions (" _U.S._ "). **If you are not yet 14 years old, or do not reside in the U.S., please discontinue using the Site immediately, or if, for any reason, you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the features, activities and services that require you to provide your Personal Information**. This Privacy Policy is a part of the terms and conditions which are set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement . Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings given in the Terms of Use Agreement. Both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement are legally binding on all users. 

We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes to either document will be posted on the Site's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion. However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates. 

We are committed to protecting users' privacy. Keeping the Personal Information you share with us on the Site secure and ensuring your understanding of how we collect, use, disclose and maintain your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information and while no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your Personal Information. 

#### YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

If you are a resident of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, you have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if a company has a Privacy Policy that gives either an opt-out (which we may sometimes refer to as " _unsubscribe_ ") or opt-in choice for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as advertisers or affiliated companies) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options. 

TV Land qualifies for the alternative option; it has a comprehensive Privacy Policy and provides you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your Personal Information by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year. 

If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). Send an email to the Privacy Administrator at [community@tvland.com](mailto:community@tvland.com) , or you may contact us via regular mail at: 

**Tvland.com  
1515 Broadway  
New York, NY 10036  
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights  
c/o Privacy Administrator  
**

****

**All requests sent via regular mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request**. For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping). **We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile**. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. 

To all other users of this Site, if you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Administrator at [community@tvland.com](mailto:community@tvland.com) or: 

**Tvland.com  
1515 Broadway  
New York, NY 10036  
c/o Privacy Administrator  
**

#### GENERAL PRIVACY INFORMATION

The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations. By your participation in our Site activities, you certify that you are at least 14 years of age and a resident of the U.S. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the U.S. and you participate in activities on this Site contrary to our policy that only U.S. residents are eligible for certain activities, you do so at your own risk and initiative, and you, not us, are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws. Please be aware that any Personal Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law. By using this Site, participating in any Site activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to this transfer and processing of Personal Information to and in the U.S., and in other countries that may not have an equivalent level of protection or a level of data protection considered adequate in the European Union or European Economic Area. Consequently, you hereby waive any claims that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction. All users of the Site are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent, or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. 

Your continued use of the Site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. We may from time to time, transfer or merge any Personal Information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. We may also combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from our Affiliates, marketing companies, or Advertisers (as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement). This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site, even if your use of or participation in any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. 

**1.      Collection and Use of Personal Information:** When we use the term " _Personal Information_ " we mean information such as your first/middle initial or name and last name, street address, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, instant-messenger nickname, blog or other personal website URL, date of birth, e-mail address, gender, ethnicity and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you. Personal Information also includes information about your personal preferences, survey responses and your transactions or relationship with us, if you have been a user of the Site or you have provided this type of information to any of the MTVN family of companies. For example, to the extent we offer such services, if you order any of our various Products (as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ), in addition to your name and contact information, we will also collect and maintain your billing address, shipping address, Product selections, your credit card or other payment instrument information, your order number, and information about your computer's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site (e.g., the referring URL). Your credit card or debit card number is classified as " _Sensitive Personal Information_ " and is collected via a secure transmission. 

We collect Personal Information about you when you visit the Site and input information, whether you are registering to use any services, features or functions of the Site, participating in Promotions (as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ), ordering or purchasing Products or in the course of any other exchanges of information, transactions and activities. We may use the information we obtain from you, including Personal Information, to tailor your experience on the Site, to display content we think may be of interest to you, or to let us customize what you see when you visit the Site according to your preferences and personal characteristics. 

**a. Collection of Personal Information During Registration.** To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, to register as a member of the Site, you are required to select a user name and password (together, your "

 _User ID_

"), and may be required to also provide other Personal Information, such as your email address, first and last name, gender, date of birth, country and zip code. Additional Personal Information may be requested during the registration process (but not required), such as cable/satellite provider, ethnic information, and annual income. We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information you have given us in order to keep your information current, but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID. Among other things, this kind of information helps us securely identify you as a registered or permitted user of the Site and our features and functions. You will not be able to change your date of birth without sufficient verification. 

All member benefits are free. As a registered user of the Site, from time to time, we may also provide you with certain options to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information. You may select such options by opting-in at the time of registration or by responding to an offer or invitation at a later date. To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, you will also have the right to opt-out (unsubscribe) or change your preferences at any time by logging in with your User ID and changing the settings in your account. You may also opt-out of particular email communications by responding to the particular email and using the "unsubscribe" or opt-out procedure included in that communication. 

If you are a registered user, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site in connection with your registration. You also agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement. 

**b. Collection of Personal Information During Registration or In Connection with Certain Features and Functions.** During registration (and possibly at certain other times to enable your use of other features or functions or for security purposes), you will be required to provide us with certain information about you in order for us to personalize and allow you to use the features and functions that we may offer on the Site, such as chat rooms, message boards, electronic mail services, messaging services, auctions, shopping, registration and member profile pages. 

**c. Collection of Personal Information in Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes.** To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, registration as a member of the Site is not always required to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes. There may be a separate registration process which will require the submission of all or some of the following: your first and last name, street address, city, state and zip code, email address, telephone number and date of birth. Additional Personal Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion, but submission of such information may be optional. The Promotion's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements. You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to special Promotions or offers from our Advertisers in connection with many of these types of Promotions. 

**d. Use of Personal Information in Connection with Personalized Advertising.** We use characteristics about you such as age, gender and/or ethnicity for personalizing the online advertising from third parties that you see when you visit the Site. This information may be used to send you personalized advertising in combination with non-Personal Information such as your website viewing, usage and purchasing history, which is not part of your user profile. (For more information, please see "Cookies and Other Technology" section.) You submit this Personal Information at the time of your registration; it is part of your online profile and associated with your User ID. We use third party ad servers to deliver personalized advertising to you. However, neither these ad servers nor their advertisers will have access to your individual online profile or your age, gender and ethnicity information. These third parties only deliver designated advertising to a targeted group of users which have been identified by the Site based on certain characteristics and the Site instructs the third parties to serve the ads but the identities and characteristics of the individual users are unknown to the third parties. Age, gender and/or ethnicity is only disclosed to third parties in the aggregate and cannot be used to identify an individual user. By registering for the Site, you have affirmatively consented to the use of such information for personalized advertising. In order to withdraw your consent to use such information for personalized advertising, you will need to deactivate your account on the Site by following the procedures set forth in _Section 13_ of the "Terms of Use Agreement" labeled "Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use". 

**e. Use of Personal Information in Connection with Promotions and Offers; Opt-out Procedures.** We, or our Affiliates, may contact the Site's registered users or other users that have registered for or participated in various Site events, Promotions, or transactions by e-mail or text messaging to promote TV Land, or send offers for the purchase of goods or services that may of interest to users of this Site. 

You may "opt out" of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails or text messages from us at any time. To do so, you may use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in the applicable email or text message. Alternatively, [click here](mailto:tvlandmarketing@tvland.com) to send an "opt out" request (please specify in the e-mail what marketing and promotional e-mails or text messages you wish to "opt out" of). However, we, or our Affiliates, may continue to contact you via email for administrative or informational purposes, including follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, goods and/or services or Products you have ordered, or other transactions you have undertaken with the Site. 

In the event that we, or our Affiliates, unknowingly send an email or text message to a child (a person under the age of 14) or Ineligible Teenager (as defined in 

_Section 9_

) who has registered with the Site or its features in violation of the Site's Terms of Use Agreement , the child (or Ineligible Teenager) or the child's (or Ineligible Teenager's) parent or legal guardian always has the right to unsubscribe (opt-out) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message, or to request termination of the child's or Ineligible Teenager's registration and status as a registered user with the Site. The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor (a person under the age of 18, or the age of majority in your state). Please see the "Review, Update, or Delete Your Personal Information" Section below for details. 

**f. Sharing of Aggregate Information with Third Parties.** Some of the aggregate user data we collect may be shared with Advertisers, our Affiliates, and other business partners of the Site and their parent and affiliated companies, but we do not give any Personal Information to them as part of the relationship except as described in this Privacy Policy. Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies. 

**g. Use of Communities.** If you use any of the Communities (as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ) features and functions made available on or through the Site, please remember that any information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public. You should exercise caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities, as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes. TV Land, the Parent Companies and the Affiliates are in no way responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any information, including Personal Information, that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization. 

**2.      Wireless Marketing Services and Promotional Opportunities:** We may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special promotions, services, news, programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and, in the event we do so, users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from us, either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device. Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by Affiliates for us. The Personal Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user's telephone number or a wireless email address, but only if specifically requested, and the carrier's name. Optional information may be requested for specific promotions, such as a user's preferences regarding goods or services and other similar survey information. Depending on the promotion, we may also collect an Internet email address or other information and, depending on the information collected, the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement. 

We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party's interception of messages or a user's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device. 

Users that register for our wireless marketing services acknowledge, understand and agree that they will be charged by the user's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from us. Standard messaging rates will apply, unless noted otherwise. **Under no circumstances will TV Land, its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user's wireless device, telephone number, or email address.**

**a. Registration.** To the extent we provide wireless marketing services, there are two registration methods provided for our wireless marketing services. Standard rate promotions will be subject to either the "single opt-in" or the "double-opt-in" (Site/SMS) method, at our discretion depending on the type of promotion. Premium rate services will require the "double opt-in" (Site/SMS or SMS/SMS) method. 

**1) Single Opt-in Method:** In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or other promotional messages, users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted. The user's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to us will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to us to send text messages to him or her. We will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a "Thank you" message. The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from us or by sending a text message to us that says "STOP", "END", "CANCEL", "REMOVE", "UNSUBSCRIBE" or "QUIT". 

**2) Double Opt-in (Site/SMS) Method:** In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or other promotional messages, users will be directed to the Site to start the registration process. The user must affirmatively consent to our sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number (or wireless email address, only if requested by us) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site's registration page. The user must also agree to the Site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed. We will then send a "Confirmation" message to the user's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from us to that particular telephone number (or wireless domain name when appropriate). The user must respond to the "Confirmation" message with a text message that states "YES" or "Y" that will indicate the user's acceptance of our wireless marketing service. Until the user responds to the "Confirmation" message, the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the promotion. A user may respond to the "Confirmation" message at any time 

_provided_

_that_

we may choose to terminate offering the wireless marketing service at any time and the user's response to the "Confirmation" is only valid if the response is received while we continue to offer the specific wireless marketing service. 

**3) Double Opt-in (SMS/SMS) Method:** In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or other promotional messages, users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted. We will then send a "Confirmation" message to the user's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from us to that particular telephone number (or wireless domain name when appropriate). The user must respond to the "Confirmation" message with a text message that states "YES" or "Y" that will indicate the user's acceptance of our wireless marketing service. Until the user responds to the "Confirmation" message, the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the promotion. A user may respond to the "Confirmation" message at any time provided that we may choose to terminate offering the wireless marketing service at any time and the user's response to the "Confirmation" is only valid if the response is received while we continue to offer the specific wireless marketing service. 

**b. Termination of Wireless Services by User.** Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register, users may revoke their consent to receive messages from us by the following procedure: 

A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by us at the time the message is sent, or by sending a text message that says "STOP", "END", "CANCEL", "REMOVE", "UNSUBSCRIBE" or "QUIT". We will terminate the user's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user. Any of these words followed by the word "ALL" in the user's termination request will cancel all of the user's registered wireless services with us. If the user unsubscribes from one or all of our service(s) via his or her wireless device, the service(s) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user's previous opt-in. 

**c. Termination of Wireless Services by Us.** User understands, acknowledges and agrees that we may, in our sole discretion and without liability to any user, terminate our offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice. We may provide notices of termination or changes in services on the Site. 

**d. Use of Information.** We will not use a wireless telephone number, wireless or conventional Internet email address, or other Personal Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested, unless we provide advance notice of any other use. We will not share such Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure. We will share such Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates. 

**3.      Accuracy and Confidentiality:** It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date. **We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information.**

You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID, if applicable, and for any charges, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so. You, and not us, are solely responsible and liable for your activity, behavior, use and conduct on the Site and for any use of the Site or any other activity or conduct in connection with the Site by any other person or entity who uses your User ID, unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised, misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party. 

Bear in mind that when you submit information to us, it does not guarantee that we will permit you to use any or all of the features or functions of the Site. 

**4.      Cookies and Other Technologies:** We use 'cookies' and other similar tracking technologies, such as web beacons (also known as image tags, GIF or web bugs) to collect non-personal "click stream" data regarding your visits to the Site, such as your visits to the Site's webpages, use of our features, and purchasing history or preferences. Your Personal Information (such as name, email address and credit card account information) is not collected as part of this process. 

We use cookies and similar tracking technology in a variety of ways, including: 

  * Keeping count of your return visits to the Site and the sites of our Parent Companies, Affiliates, Advertisers and partners; 
  * Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity; 
  * Determining which features, webpages, products and services users like best; and 
  * Saving your User ID and other information, such as shopping cart activity, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. 



This Site may contain advertisements, references and links to other websites and organizations that are not affiliated with MTVN, but are provided by a variety of Advertisers or third-party network ad servers that may also use cookies to deliver personalized advertising messages to you based on your individual interests, website viewing habits, purchasing history or preferences (" _Behavioral Personalized Advertising_ ") and/or your general characteristics (such as age, gender and ethnicity) (" _Characteristics Personalized Advertising_ "). If you do not wish to receive Behavioral Personalized Advertising, please see the opt-out instructions below; if you do not wish to receive Characteristics Personalized Advertising, please see the "Use of Personal Information in Connection with Personalized Advertising" section ( _Section 1(d))_ above for how to withdraw your consent. 

Opting out of an ad server cookie does not mean that you will no longer see online ads. Opting out means only that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests, but you will continue to see ads on the Site. 

These third party Advertisers and network ad servers may employ their own cookies and other technology to provide personalized advertising and measure advertising effectiveness. You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information and website viewing/usage information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet. The use of cookies and similar technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours. Even if we have a relationship with the third party, we do not control those websites or their policies and practices regarding your Personal Information. _**This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Personal Information or website viewing/usage information that a third party Advertiser or network ad server may directly collect from you**_. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard. Use of tracking technology by Advertisers and network ad servers is subject to their privacy policies. 

For more information about these third party servers and how to "opt out" of the ad-serving cookie, please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx). 

Although we may track the numbers of users to inform us on how best to update the Site and enhance the experience for all users, Personal Information is not extracted in this process. We use tracking information on an aggregated basis to help us operate the Site, enhance and improve our services, improve the look of the Site and display advertising and marketing information. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie or image tag is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all such devices. This is done through your browser. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features of the Site that make your Internet experience more efficient and enjoyable – like the features mentioned above – and some of our other services will not function properly. 

**Notice for Certain Device Manufacturers:** Certain device manufacturers, such as Apple, preset their browsers to block cookies from websites other than those you visit directly. As a result, services or advertisements offered by certain ad servers, operational service providers and/or Advertisers which use cookies will not work for browsers left in this default setting. Review your device manufacturers' manual or contact your device manufacturers' customer service for your options. 

**5.      Privacy of Your Postings:** We respect the privacy of the contents of any Personal Information related to or contained in a Posting, unless the information is intended to be disclosed (such Personal Information, except as intended to be disclosed, is called " _Confidential Personal Information_ "). However, we reserve the right to monitor, edit, and disclose your use of the Site or Confidential Personal Information to a third party, if we believe such action is required by law or is necessary to protect and defend our rights, to enforce this Privacy Policy or the terms of the Terms of Use Agreement, or to protect the interests of our users, Advertisers, Parent Companies, Affiliates, licensors, suppliers, operational service providers, and others. Please see the Terms of Use Agreement for details regarding Postings. 

**6.      Disclosure to Third Parties:** We do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities or entities that are not our Advertisers, except in the limited circumstances listed below. As stated above, we will disclose Personal Information related to or contained in a Posting in connection with the display of and other services relating to such Posting as such Personal Information is intended to be disclosed. When we plan to disclose your Personal Information to Advertisers, we ask for you to opt in to do so, in which case their use of your information is subject to the Advertisers' own privacy policies. We may disclose Personal Information to Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes and you will have the right to opt-out of such disclosure for marketing purposes. (For opt-out procedures, please see the section of this Privacy Policy above entitled "Use of Personal Information in Connection with Promotions and Offers; Opt-Out Procedures"). 

**a. Co-Branded Services and Features.** The Site may also offer co-branded services and features, such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Affiliates ("

 _Co-Branded Partner_

"). Such services and features may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner's website. We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect and use your Personal Information provided during the registration process and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes. If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly. The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service. Registered or other users that participate in certain services relating to Postings, such as user video uploads, agree to have certain Personal Information posted on the Site or Platforms (as defined in the User [Content Submission Agreement](https://web.archive.org/legal/submission_agreement.jhtml) that relates to user video uploads) or, if such feature is offered in connection with a Co-Branded Partner, on our Co-Branded partner's website in connection with the display of the uploaded video and posted on any platform that the uploaded video may be posted. Registered or other users that upload videos may also be required to submit additional Personal Information. 

**b. Operational Service Providers.** We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site's services, features, functions and operations. We will refer to these third parties as "

 _operational service providers_

". We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we request that our operational service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with TV Land. Additionally, such operational service providers are not permitted to use your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes. 

**c. Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties.** We will make your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information available to non-affiliated third parties in the following limited circumstances: 

  * When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process); 
  * If we believe your actions violate any law, regulation, the Terms of Use Agreement , including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy, or any of our other terms and conditions, Rules, offerings or any other services, features or functions of the Site, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of TV Land, the Parent Companies, the Affiliates, or any of its or their operational service providers, licensors, suppliers, Advertisers, customers, users, or any other party; 
  * If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or 
  * In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates. 



**7.      Security & Protection of Personal Information:** We maintain reasonable standards of security and confidentiality. However, for most Internet sites, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site. We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes. We request that our operational service providers follow the same policy. 

**8.      Phishing:** Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers' personal identity data and financial account credentials. "Phishers" use ‘spoofed' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Personal Information such as credit card numbers, account usernames, passwords, and social security numbers. **WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD!** If you receive any such email communication, please forward it immediately to the Site's Privacy Administrator at [community@tvland.com](mailto:community@tvland.com) , and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer. 

**9.     Review, Update or Delete Your Personal Information:** Generally, you may review, update or delete your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected by the Site. You may also correct factual inaccuracies. However, Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information. Deletion or attempted deletion of certain Personal Information, such as your user name, may not be permitted and/or may result in suspension of your account or termination of any registration you may have made. To review, update or delete your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected by the Site, please click "MY ACCOUNT" on the homepage to sign in to your Site account with your User ID. Then, click on "YOUR ACCOUNT INFO" to change, update, or delete your Personal Information. 

If you wish to review Personal Information collected for Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes, you will need to contact the Site's Privacy Administrator via email with a request at [community@tvland.com](mailto:community@tvland.com) and be prepared to provide verification of your identity. Personal Information collected for certain entries are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user's request, unless the entrant is a child under the age of 14 years old. 

Children under the age of 14, or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site (" _Ineligible Teenagers_ "), that are unknowingly registered on the Site are in violation of the Terms of Use Agreement . Parents (including legal guardians) of children or Ineligible Teenagers that registered on the Site in violation of the Terms of Use Agreement who wish to terminate their child's or Ineligible Teenager's membership must use their child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID to gain direct access to the account, and select "EDIT ACCOUNT" or alternatively, you can send us an email to the Site's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID and request to terminate your child's or Ineligible Teenager's account and registration. We will not allow direct access to a user's account and Personal Information by any person without the user's User ID (please see above for how to change your preferences or the information associated with your account). If a parent does not have his or her child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID, the parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the parent's name, address, telephone and email address, in addition to the child's or Ineligible Teenager's name and email address as registered on the Site, plus the child's or Ineligible Teenager's date of birth. The parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent of the ineligible child or Ineligible Teenager. We will send a confirming email to the parent via the email address provided to verify that the parent wishes to terminate his or her child's or Ineligible Teenager's account and registration. The parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address. We will then terminate the child's or Ineligible Teenager's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name, address and email address of the person making the request. 

We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including without limitation, a registered user, of any services, features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user's account or any services, features or functions. And if the burden or expense of providing access to your Personal Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and contact information for further inquiries. 

**10.      "Contact Me" or Similar Type Function:** In connection with certain activities and services offered on the Site, we may from time to time include a "contact me" or similar type function (e.g., if you create a profile page on the Site, we may include a "contact me" link on your profile page which would enable web users to e-mail you at your personal e-mail account). By registering for the Site, you have affirmatively consented to receiving e-mails (if any) at your personal e-mail account via a "contact me" or similar type function. Should a web user send you an e-mail via a "contact me" or similar type function on the Site, your e-mail address will not be revealed to such user at the time the e-mail is sent. **HOWEVER, IF YOU RECEIVE AN E-MAIL IN YOUR PERSONAL E-MAIL ACCOUNT AND IF YOU CHOOSE TO RESPOND TO SUCH E-MAIL, THEN YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS WILL BE REVEALED TO THE RECIPIENT OF YOUR E-MAIL (IN THE SAME WAY THAT YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS WOULD BE REVEALED IN ANY E-MAIL YOU SEND TO ANYONE FROM YOUR PERSONAL ACCOUNT). IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO REVEAL YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, THEN YOU SHOULD NOT RESPOND TO THE E-MAIL SENT TO YOUR PERSONAL ACCOUNT**. In order to withdraw your consent to receive e-mails at your personal e-mail account via a "contact me" or similar type function, you will need to deactivate your account on the Site by following the procedures set forth in _Section 13_ of the "Terms of Use Agreement" labeled "Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use". 

**11.      Questions:** If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or share your Personal Information, you may contact us directly by sending an email to [community@tvland.com](mailto:community@tvland.com). 

**12.      Sole Statement:** This document is the sole statement of the Site's Privacy Policy, and supersedes any and all prior privacy policies, and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid. 

This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 21, 2008 and is effective immediately. 

Copyright © 2008 MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

**Back to top**
