> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shmokiads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170619155110id_/http%3A//www.shmokiads.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy :: ShmokiAds - The Unique CPM Network

**SHMOKI ADS PUBLISHING PRIVACY POLICY**  
At Shmoki Ads we represent online publishers and their properties ("Publisher Properties") to advertisers and support other properties sponsored by advertiser clients ("Client-Sponsored Properties"). Because we understand the importance of your privacy, we take safeguarding your personal information very seriously. We are providing the following Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the personally identifiable information collected from you during your use of any Shmoki Ads website whether from (i) a Client-Sponsored Property or other website on shmokiads.com (the "Shmoki Ads domain") (such as the Shmoki Ads home page at (http://www.shmokiads.com/)) or (ii) a Client-Sponsored Property on a different domain (each a "Site" together our "Sites"). You'll know you're on one of our Sites because a version of this Privacy Policy will be posted.  
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new policy on each Site and highlighting the changes. We suggest that you consult an Shmoki Ads Site regularly to check for any changes to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20170619155110id_/http%3A//www.shmokiads.com/contact.php).

**Information We Collect**  
We collect information in connection with our Sites and Services in the following circumstances, though not every one of our Sites offers each of these four: (i) registering for an account, (ii) participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions ("Surveys and Promotions"), (iii) contacting Shmoki Ads, and (iv) visiting and browsing any of our Sites.

**Registration**  
Information collected during the registration process may include your name, username, email address, account password. We may also collect your IP address when you register and use the Site. From time to time in the future we may offer additional features, services, and promotional opportunities that may require you to submit additional information to participate.

**Contacting Shmoki Ads**  
You may also contact Shmoki Ads by filling out and submitting a form through the Site. When you contact Shmoki Ads through a Site, your full name and email address are transmitted to Shmoki Ads. Any other information you choose to include in the form you submit would also be transferred to and stored on Shmoki Ads's servers.

**Anonymous Information**  
We also collect "Anonymous Information", such as traffic statistics and general usage patterns regarding page views, dates and times you use the Site, the website that referred you to the Site, and the method by which you accessed the Site, files accessed through the Site, responses sent to the browser, the length of data sent to the browser, and other data used in the communication between browser and Sites. Shmoki Ads does not use cookies to collect information about your activities on any of our Sites.

**Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements**  
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).  
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

**How We Use the Information we Collect**  
We call information you provide that can be used to locate or identify you "Personally Identifiable Information." We use it to provide our Services and to communicate with you regarding such Services. We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide information you have requested or products you have purchased (e.g., membership updates, e-mail newsletters), to resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems. We also may use your Personally Identifiable Information: to respond to specific inquiries made by you; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Service; and to customize, measure, and improve our Services, content, and layout. In addition, the Shmoki Ads Network analyzes and uses your Personally Identifiable Information and supplements it with other information we obtain to notify you and target advertising to you regarding special offers, products, services, and information that we think may be of interest to you, and to measure the advertising effectiveness of advertisements on our Sites and Publisher Properties.

We use your Anonymous Information for the purposes of system administration, providing certain site functionality and content, targeted advertising, site tracking, and collecting and reporting aggregate usage information. We may combine Anonymous Information with your personally identifiable information to notify you of special offers and target advertising and other content to you.

**Phishing**  
We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your username, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to Shmoki Ads. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our top priority. For more information about phishing, you may want to visit the Federal Trade Commission's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/alerts phishingalrt.htm

**Information Sharing**  
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties.

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement**  
We may choose to disclose some or all of your Personally Identifiable Information to the government, law enforcement officials, or private parties if we, in our sole discretion, believe it necessary or appropriate to comply with the law, to respond to legal complaints, to comply with legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the rights of Shmoki Ads or a third party, to ensure the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally questionable activity.

**Accessing and Changing Your Information**  
You may always access and modify certain of your Personally Identifiable Information you provide through Shmoki Ads's self-service e-commerce platform by visiting the "sign in" area at the Shmoki Ads Domain. You may or may not be able to modify the Personally Identifiable Information you provide through other parts of the Shmoki Ads Domain or other Sites. If this causes concern, please contact us and we will provide information for the specific Site you reference.

**Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements**  
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy.](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/)  
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.
