> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-07-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030727080849id_/http%3A//www.blr.com/about/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BLR's About BLR

  
**At BLR** , we understand and respect your privacy concerns. We provide the following information concerning our privacy policy so that you may visit our website without being concerned for your personal security. We welcome your comments on this policy.

• **Contact Us**  
If you have any comments about this policy, or if you feel that your privacy concerns have not been addressed or are not being met, contact [service@blr.com](mailto:service@blr.com). We will investigate and take appropriate actions to be sure that this policy is followed. We also welcome any comments or suggestions about this policy. Thank you for visiting our site, and we look forward to building a lasting relationship with you.

• **Our Disclosure of Your Information**  
BLR will not ever provide your email address, password, or credit card number to any third party. Occasionally, BLR is approached by an organization that is seeking to inform our customers and visitors about products or services that may be of interest to them. We review these requests carefully, and when we think the information would be a benefit to you, we cooperate in getting this information to you. If you would like to stop receiving information from these organizations, please submit a request in writing to: Business & Legal Reports, 141 Mill Rock Road East, P.O. Box 6001, Old Saybrook, CT 06475 or email [service@blr.com](mailto:service@blr.com).

• **E-Commerce**  
No reports have been made of fraudulent use of a credit card as a result of an online order through the secure server at BLR website. If you are not comfortable making an online payment, which requires a credit card number, other options for implementation of the order are readily available, including a fax number (860-510-7220) and toll free phone number (800-727-5257). If fraudulent use of your credit card does occur, under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, BLR will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. BLR will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at BLR while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

• **Identifying Information**  
When you visit our website, our web server automatically recognizes your domain name (e.g.: aol.com), but not your email address. BLR may ask you to register and provide information about yourself and/or your business in certain circumstances, including when you register to access our free Resource Center, try a free Demo, or order from our Online Catalog. By knowing a little about you, BLR is able to deliver more relevant content, and therefore a better service, to you. Your registration will help us offer information and services that we think you'd like, including alerting you to new federal or state regulations specific to your industry, alerting you to changes on our website, notifying you of products that may help make your job easier, or requesting your comments on our products or our website so that we may determine how to modify our services to better suit the needs of our customers and our online visitors. If you believe you are receiving our communications in error or no longer desire to receive them, you can inform us at [service@blr.com](mailto:service@blr.com), and we will remove your name from our postal mail and/or our emailing lists. If you choose not to register and provide identifying information to us, you can still access most of the blr.com site. However, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.

• **Changing Your Identifying Information**  
Once you register, you will be able to change much of your identifying information, including your name, address, and phone number, via the Customer Service area of the website. If you need to change your email address, you can email your name, old email address, and new email addresses to [service@blr.com](mailto:service@blr.com). We ask you to promptly update this information with us when it changes.

• **Cookies**  
Like most commercial websites, BLR uses cookies in order to deliver you a better and more personalized service. Cookies are very small text files placed on your hard drive by a web page server. They can not retrieve information from your hard drive, spread viruses, or capture your e-mail address. Your cookie helps BLR remember who you are, and save you the time of entering the same information multiple times. Cookies also help BLR to learn what information is important to our visitors, and what isn't. We can discard web pages you don't use, and focus our efforts on information you need. If you'd prefer, you may set your browser's preferences to not accept cookies.
