> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the solarwinds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161208193330id_/http%3A//www.solarwinds.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SolarWinds - Privacy Policy

At SolarWinds, it is one of our fundamental values to deliver a great customer experience. Based upon this philosophy, SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (“SolarWinds”) established this privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) to assist our customers, business partners, and other visitors of this website, any other webpage that SolarWinds operates, or any other location where we post a direct link to this policy (“Website”) with understanding the types of information that we collect from and about you when you visit our Website, why we collect it, what we do with it, and your ability to control certain uses of it. We want you to feel informed and comfortable when you visit with us

When you visit our Website, please read the Privacy Statement carefully. By using or accessing our Website, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time, and your continued use is deemed to be acceptance of such changes. So, please check this periodically for updates! 

**Data Collection**  
_Information You Provide to Us._ SolarWinds collects information from you when you choose to provide it to us. Such information may be provided to us when you: apply for a job at SolarWinds; download and install a product for evaluation; download and install a free tool; request a quote; purchase or register a product; sign up for newsletters, support materials, white papers, our email list, or other assets offered by SolarWinds; obtain support, services, or training; create a user account on our Website, customer portal or community forum; or otherwise contact us. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, user name, password(s), information about the products that you own and use, or your payment information. Such information may be required to create your account or to complete your purchase. If you use a third party to create your account or otherwise link to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as a social network) based on your registration and privacy settings on that third party service.

_Information We Automatically Collect._ SolarWinds may use cookies, web beacons, web analytics, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information about you when you visit our Website, utilize the SolarWinds products, or otherwise interact with us. Please note, these may be first party cookies or tools, which are hosted within a SolarWinds domain name, or third party cookies or tools, which are hosted by another party. Please reference the [SolarWinds Cookie Policy](http://www.solarwinds.com/cookies) for further information.

_Information Collected from Other Sources._ SolarWinds may obtain information about you from other sources, including updated addresses, contact information, demographic information, and other publicly available data.

_Combination of Information._ SolarWinds may combine the information it receives from and about you, including personal information, non-personal information, and information collected offline, with information collected from third party sources.

**Data Use**  
SolarWinds may use the information we collect to: 

  * Administer or operate the SolarWinds products, services, or Website, including completing a transaction, providing you with products or user support, responding to your requests for information, preventing transactional fraud, or otherwise contacting you;
  * Provide or contact you with customized content, targeted offers, information, newsletters, and advertising or other promotional material about SolarWinds or its partners on the Website, other websites, or via telephone or email (if you have agreed to such communications);
  * Research, address, develop, and improve the usage and operations of the Website or existing or new SolarWinds products and services;
  * Protect the security or integrity of the Website and our business; and
  * Perform any other functions as otherwise described to you at the point of data collection.



**Data Sharing**  
SolarWinds may disclose the information we collect from and about you (a) to our third party service providers, partners, and distributors to enable the service provider, partner, or distributor to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for SolarWinds; (b) in association with law enforcement, fraud prevention, a subpoena, or other legal or government investigatory action; (c) as required by law, rule, or regulation; (d) if SolarWinds reasonably believes it is required to protect SolarWinds, its customers, or the public; or (e) as described to you at the point of collection.

Except as otherwise set forth herein, SolarWinds may provide aggregated statistics about users to third parties, but such information will be aggregated so that it does not identify a particular individual or company. SolarWinds is not in the business of selling or renting your personally identifiable information to others and will not share your personally identifiable information with others, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement.

SolarWinds may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. If another entity acquires SolarWinds or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through the Website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.

**Data Storage**  
As SolarWinds operates globally, using the Internet to collect and process your information necessarily involves the transmission and storage of data on an international basis. Therefore, by using our Website, our products, and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge our processing of your information in this way. We may transfer your personal information among our global locations or to destinations of our storage facilities and/or our third party providers, including to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Your personal information may be stored on servers in a global location. It may also be processed by staff operating outside of the EEA, who work for us or one of our suppliers.

Some of these locations may have data protection standards that are different to those in your country. For EEA residents, we have taken commercially reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Additionally, your personal information may be subject to the laws of other countries, where the data protection and other laws may differ from those of your country of residence. Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities in the countries in which we operate.

**Marketing Choice/Opt-Out**  
SolarWinds may periodically send you emails with information regarding SolarWinds, its products or its partners. If you no longer wish to continue receiving such information, please click the “unsubscribe” link available at the bottom of the relevant email. You can also contact SolarWinds at [marketing@solarwinds.com](mailto:marketing@solarwinds.com) or at [unsubscribe@solarwinds.com](mailto:unsubscribe@solarwinds.com), and let SolarWinds know that you no longer wish to receive such information. Alternatively, you can reply to an email from SolarWinds and type "REMOVE" in the subject line.

**Public Forums**  
Any information that you may disclose on community forums or other public areas of the Website (“User Contribution”) becomes public information, and you are solely responsible for your User Contributions. SolarWinds has no responsibility for any information, including personally identifiable information, that you choose to submit in these forums. We do encourage you to exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas, as SolarWinds has no control over who has access or will utilize said information. Additionally, SolarWinds is not responsible for any circumvention by third parties of any privacy setting or security measures contained on the Website. Even after removal, your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached or archived pages or may have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by this Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use relating thereto. Any known or suspected violations should be reported to at [legal_team@solarwinds.com.](mailto:legal_team@solarwinds.com).

**Third Party Sites**  
The Website may include links to third party websites for your convenience and information only. SolarWinds does not own or control these third party websites. SolarWinds is not responsible for the availability, content, data collection, utilization of data, use of cookies, or otherwise on the third party websites, and any data that you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting any information to them. If you have any questions about how such third parties’ privacy and data use practices, you should contact such third parties directly.

**How to Update and Access Information**  
Certain areas of this Website will require you to provide certain personal information. It is your responsibility to provide the most recent available and accurate information. Additionally, please inform SolarWinds of any change of name, address, or other information. If you have created an account on the Website, you may update certain information in your account profile, or you may request that SolarWinds update, modify, or delete your registered information by sending an email to [marketing@solarwinds.com](mailto:marketing@solarwinds.com)with the words "UPDATE USER INFORMATION" in the subject line. You have the right, subject to certain exemptions, to obtain a copy of any personal data we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies in such data. If you wish to avail of any of these rights, please contact us at: [marketing@solarwinds.com](mailto:marketing@solarwinds.com) While we will strive to accommodate your request, we may reject a request to satisfy our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, where we have a legitimate reason to do so, or where the request may impose a risk on the privacy of others, is unreasonable, repetitive, or requires disproportionate technical effort. 

**Security**  
SolarWinds uses commercially reasonable security measures, such as physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and network monitoring, and strives to safeguard information concerning and submitted by users. Despite the security measures employed by SolarWinds, users should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee absolute security with respect to electronic information, and User agrees and accepts the risks associated with the same. 

**Children under the Age of 13**  
This Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website; SolarWinds does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, or send any information about yourself to us. If you believe that information from or about a child under 13 is in our possession, please contact us at [legal_team@solarwinds.com](mailto:legal_team@solarwinds.com).

**Questions**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data handling practices, you may contact us at [marketing@solarwinds.com](mailto:marketing@solarwinds.com). In order for us to properly respond to you, you will need to provide us with sufficient details regarding your question. We will contact you if we require any additional information from you.

**Modifications to this Privacy Statement**  
SolarWinds reserves the right to review, modify, and update this Privacy Statement and will note the date of its most recent revision. In the event SolarWinds updates or modifies this Privacy Statement, SolarWinds shall endeavor to post such updates or modifications on this Website following any such modifications. It we update or modify the Privacy Statement in a material way, we will utilize commercially reasonable efforts to provide appropriate notice to you. 

© 2016 SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  
Last Updated 08/11/2016
