> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the solent.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110928052514id_/http%3A//www.solent.ac.uk/aboutus/disclaimer.aspx%23pp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer

##  **Disclaimer**

Every effort is made to ensure that the information given on the Southampton Solent University's website is correct at the time of publication and that the course information given accurately describes the courses offered by the University. However, from time-to-time details do change meaning that certain information may not always be entirely accurate if it is waiting to be updated on the website. You should contact the University to verify any information, especially if you wish to place particular reliance upon it. 

If prospective students are particularly concerned about the detailed elements of a course being offered, they should contact the faculty listed for the course to check the course content prior to acceptance of an offer of a place. 

All reasonable steps will be taken by the University to provide educational services and to minimise any disruption to those services. However, the University reserves the right to postpone, re-locate, re-structure, withdraw or cancel any teaching sessions or examinations, any course or particular options, modules, units or specialisms within a course due to the occurrence of any event or circumstance beyond its reasonable control (including, but not limited to, industrial action, whether on the part of the University’s staff or otherwise, shortage of staff, unavailability of facilities, or insufficient student numbers).  

##  Link Disclaimer 

The links to third party external sites are provided for the convenience of our site visitors only. Southampton Solent University, is not responsible for the content of these external sites and does not necessarily endorse the views or agree with the information held on these sites. 

##  Data Protection 

The University, as a Registered Data user, has an obligation to comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. Any personal details collected through this web site, on forms etc will only be used for the purpose stated on the relevant page. Personal information will not be passed to any third parties without the data subjects consent. Information will only be retained for a time period necessary to achieve the stated purpose. Any queries regarding Data Protection should be sent to the Information Management and Compliance Officer in Finance Service, e-mail: [freedom.information@solent.ac.uk](mailto:freedom.information@solent.ac.uk) 

##  Copyright   

All material on the Southampton Solent University's Internet site, this includes text, layout, graphics, icons and artwork is Copyright © Southampton Solent University, unless otherwise stated. This material cannot be copied in any way, except insofar as required for the viewing of pages on an individual PC, without permission from Southampton Solent University. Please contact the [webmaster@solent.ac.uk](mailto:webmaster@solent.ac.uk) if you need further information regarding the use of materials on this site. 

##  Privacy Policy  

Southampton Solent University's web-site does not capture or store personal information, except where you voluntarily choose to provide your personal details (for example on one of our forms to request a prospectus). 

Where you do provide Southampton Solent University with your personal details via the Internet, we will not pass this information to any other organisations or individuals, without your consent. 

Our web server automatically collects standard information, including your IP address, browser type, operating system and access times. 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

This privacy policy only governs Southampton Solent University's web-site at www.solent.ac.uk. Other websites that are linked to these pages are not covered by this policy. 

##  Trade Marks 

All trade marks mentioned on this site remain the property of their respective owners and are used for identification purposes only. Southampton Solent University make no claims, either expressed or implied as to trade mark ownership of these marks. 
