> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the solupress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231063919id_/http%3A//www.solupress.com/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Solupress - [Privacy Policy]

Privacy Policy

Solupress and its affiliated companies respects and is dedicated to honoring the preferences of our members concerning the collection, storage, access and use of their personally identifiable information collected online. Protecting privacy on the Internet is crucial to the future of Internet-based business and Solupress has created a privacy policy to demonstrate its firm commitment to secure and trustworthy Internet commerce. We intend to use such information for purposes of supporting your relationship with Solupress by designing a web site content that is suitable to your needs and alerting you to new product and service offerings as they become available. To ensure accuracy and security, Solupress reviews and updates this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms of this policy periodically to make sure that you are aware of how Solupress collects and uses personal information. By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Solupress. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@solupress.com](mailto:info@solupress.com). 

**1\. Personal Information.** You have complete control over your personal information. In general, you can visit our web site without providing us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must have your personal information in order for us to grant you an access to our username and/or password protected sites. This information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data and response data ("User Information"). This User Information may be retained by Solupress to verify compliance with the agreement between Solupress and your employer, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to create a user profile to better serve you, or to simply contact you either electronically or otherwise. If you decide that we should not use your personal User Information to contact you, please let us know and we will not use that information for such purpose. However, please do not submit any User Information if you are less than 18 years of age. 

**2\. Accuracy and Security.** The accuracy and security of the User Information is important to Solupress. We are in the process of implementing procedures to maintain accurate, complete and current User Information. If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner. Solupress is concerned with the security of your User Information and is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. To that end, we put in place the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information. 

**3\. Usernames and Passwords.** Access to certain content on our web site requires a username and/or password under a written agreement between you and/or your employer and Solupress. In some cases, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from accessing certain Solupress web site(s), information, products, services, options or promotional offers ("Solupress Offerings"). By accessing and using our web site, you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you receive from Solupress and consent to the Terms of Use. 

**4\. Cookies.** Solupress uses "cookies". A cookie is a small data file that a web site can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to keep records of the visits to such site. A cookie contains information such as your username and password that helps us recognize the pages you have visited and improve future visits, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies is encrypted, however, we do not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on our web site. 

**5\. Disclosure of User Information.** Solupress does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User Information with our business partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. For example, we provide User Information to our service providers for direct emailing of our newsletters, online surveys or notifications on Solupress Offerings to our visitors. We also share User Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. When you sign up for an email list, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from that list. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for Solupress Offerings, in order to use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide information to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies. 

**6\. External Links.** Solupress web site provides links to other third party web sites. Even if the third party is affiliated with Solupress through a business partnership or otherwise, Solupress is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access them at your own risk. 

**7\. Terms of Service.** Please also see Solupress's [Terms Of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231063919id_/http%3A//www.solupress.com/termsofservice.aspx), which describes the use, disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of liability governing the use of the entire Solupress web site.
