> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the solvemix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160316195657id_/http%3A//www.solvemix.com/index.php/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

At www.solvemix.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.solvemix.com and how it is used.

 **Log Files**  
Like many other Web sites, www.solvemix.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

**Google Analytics**

"This website uses Google Analytics and Google Adsense, a web analytics and advertising service provided by Google Inc. (" Google "). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other with website and internet related services. Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, we point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website in this case. By using this site, you agree to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose.

[Further informations about the DoubleClick-Cookie can be found here.](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/1348695)

 **Cookies and Web Beacons**  
www.solvemix.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

Facebook Plugins

Our pages integrate plugins of the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA are integrated. . The Facebook plugin, you agree to the Facebook logo or the "Like-Button" ("Like") on our site An overview of the Facebook plug-ins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs / plugins / When visiting our pages, the plugin establishes a connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established., Facebook receives the information that you have with your IP Address for visiting our website. If the Facebook "Like Click "button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages on your Facebook profile. Thereby Facebook can correlate your visit of our site with your user account. We point out that we as providers of the sites no examine the content of the transmitted data and use them through Facebook. further information, refer to the privacy statement of facebook under http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php

If you do not wish that Facebook can assign your visit to our site with your Facebook-account, please log out from your Facebook account.

www.solvemix.com has no access to or control over cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.solvemix.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

We point out that data transmission over the Internet (eg. when communicating by e-mail) may have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at [webmaster@solvemix.com](mailto:webmaster@solvemix.com).

**Privacy Statement for using Google +1**

Collection and dissemination of information:  
The Google +1 button to publish information worldwide. about the Google +1 button lets you and other users personalized content from Google and our partners. Google will store both the information that you have given for a content +1, as well as information about the page that you viewed when you click on +1. Your +1' s can be shown as evidence along with your name and profile photo in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and ads on the internet.  
Google records information about your +1- activities to improve Google's services for you and others. In order to use the Google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile, which must contain at least the chosen name for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also substitute any other name that you used when sharing content under your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your e-mail address or other identifying information from you.

 **Using the information collected:**  
In addition to the above uses, the information you provide in accordance with the applicable Google privacy policy will be used. Google may release aggregate statistics on the activities of the user or +1- these findings to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or linked sites.

 **Privacy Statement for the Use of Twitter**

Functions of the service Twitter are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Through the use of Twitter and function of "re-tweet" the web pages you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter.

We point out that we as providers of the sites no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and use them through Twitter. For more information, please refer to the privacy statement of Twitter at http://twitter.com/privacy.

Your privacy preferences at Twitter, you can change the account settings under http://twitter.com/account/settings.

* * *
