> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the latam.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611214900id_/https%3A//www.latam.com/en_us/transparency/privacy-and-security/security) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security

#### Buy Safely. Buy worry-free. Buy at our website

Purchase your flights and services through our website safe in the knowledge that we adhere to the highest standards to make sure your transactions are secure. We also keep the details you enter private.

#### Reserve your tickets at our website. It's convenient, easy and safe

  * We employ the highest in security standards and international security certifications.
  * We use TLS (Transport Layer Security) technology, with a server certified by a trusted entity.
  * All information entered into our site is kept strictly confidential.



#### What security measure has our website undertaken?

We use **TLS** technology, which ensures both the authenticity of our site and the encoding of all the information you provide.

Every time you purchase a ticket at our website and **provide information of a personal nature** , no matter where you are, your browser will connect to our site via the TLS protocol, which affirms that you are really at our website and using our servers (which will be made apparent through the appearance of the HTTPS code in the address bar of your browser). This way, a method of encoding your information and a unique session password are established.

This technology allows your personal information (such as your name, address and credit card information) to be encoded prior to your transaction, so that it cannot be read as it travels over the Internet.

All TLS certificates are created for a particular server, at a specific domain and for an established commercial entity.

#### What information does our website ask for?

  * **Information required for the purchase of a ticket** : first name, last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and the information needed with respect to the chosen form of payment.
  * **Information regarding your interests and personal preferences** : this information is requested with the goal of developing new products and services.
  * **All information entered at our website in kept strictly confidential.**



#### What information does our website store?

  * We store such personal information as your first name, last name, address, e-mail address, LATAM Pass account number, your flight data and travel history. This information can be used to inform you about, for example, possible last minute changes.
  * **Our website does not store your credit card information.**
  * This website uses **Google Analytics Premium** , a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google Analytics Premium uses “cookies,” which are files that are stored in your browser in order to collect general information about how you use the website: which pages you visit, where you click, how long you spend on the site, your age, gender, and interests, etc. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website and your current IP-address will be transmitted by your browser to and will be stored by Google on servers in the United States and other countries. On behalf of the operator of this website Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator.



The IP address collected through Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may also stop the transmission of information generated by the cookies about your use of the website and of your IP address to Google, by downloading and installing the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)
