> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the latinopeoplemeet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616032003id_/http%3A//www.latinopeoplemeet.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LatinoPeopleMeet.com - The Latino People Network

|  |  |   
---  
The Latino People Network  
[](https://web.archive.org/sign_up/)  
  
|   
---  
  Privacy Statement  
|   
---  
   
LatinoPeopleMeet.com is known here after as "Service" The "Service" is completely committed to the protection of your information and privacy when you use our web service or subscribe to our service from our site. This policy statement demonstrates the "Service" commitment to the protection of your online privacy. Developing friendships or relationships with others may encourage people to disclose private information about themselves. The following statement reflects how the "Service" may use the limited information that we collect from you as a purchaser or user of our services. Please note that we do not release specific information regarding you to any third parties, unless you request that we do so. We may use this information we collect to create a more personalized service. By using this "Service" site you consent to our collection and limited use of your information as provided when you sign up. Please review this policy statement and be advised that it may be modified from time to time.

We ask that you do your part to protect your privacy online as well. Do not reveal your "Service" Private User Name or Password: no employee of the "Service" will ever ask you for your password, but may ask for your Private User Name for identification purposes. Your "Service" Username is what other members will use to contact you. Always use caution in revealing your email address, telephone number, or address to others, and always arrange to meet new friends in only a public place. Our website may contain links to other websites. Accordingly the "Service" is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites not within its control. In order to provide its services, the "Service" collects two types of information from its purchasers/users: personally identifiable information and aggregated information.

Personally Identifiable Information refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is requested when you order our service, fill out surveys and send us feedback. This information might include your name, billing address, phone number, email address, credit card or other payment information or other details. With this information, the "Service" can better provide you with personalized service.

Our primary goal in collecting this information is to provide you with a more efficient and properly working internet service. Our collection of personal information is limited to ensuring that you receive a viable product and collateral services. Obviously this information is collected and used internally to allow you to access the "Service" site and purchase the "Service" and maintain purchaser information records. Aggregate information is information that cannot be traced back to any specific individual and as such is completely general in nature. This is information that does not by itself Identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web Site's uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the designation. Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide "Service" subscribers with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administration systems.

We may also share your personally identifiable information with third parties who provide services to us and our customers. Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees and consultants and other companies working with us (collectively agents). Where we believe it to be appropriate (in our sole discretion) we will ask our agents not to disclose or use your personal information for purposes other than to provide services to you or the "Service".

We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information to enable ads to be served on our site, to report Aggregate information to our advertisers, and to monitor the level of activity on our site. We collect information from visitors to our site regarding the URL they came from, their IP addresses, domain types (e.g. .com or.org), the browser type used to come to the site, the country, state and telephone area code where their servers are located, the pages of our site that visitors viewed during their visit and any search terms entered on our site.

Cookies are used to manage your sessions on this website and to properly segregate your sessions and information from other users. If you disable cookies on your computer you may not be able to access certain areas on this website or properly utilize this service. Service user assumes all risk of use of service as to accidental sharing of users service profile and messages. Never include personal information you would not want others to have access to. Service cannot guarantee confidentiality of "created service user Profiles" or content due to the complexities surrounding service access through what is referred to as a "Proxy Server".   
  
Release to Other Parties  
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may provide Aggregate information about our customer sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third party advertisers or vendors, but these statistics do not include any Personally Identifiable Information. We may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property and safety of the "Service", our users, or others. The information collected by us may be provided to an outside company solely for the purpose of analysis. That analysis is to help us to improve our site and product selection and to notify you of special offers that may be of interest to you. That data analysis agent may not share any personally identifiable information with others, or use it for any other purpose than to help us. Compliance with Service of Process or Law Enforcement: Occasionally the "Service" may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.

We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and changes to our service or other services offered by our company. You may be sent these messages as long as you are an "Service" subscriber or use our services. You must be at least 18 years of age to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly use, disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 18 years of age. You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from our site. Other sites accessible through our web site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. The "Service" is not responsible for the policies or practices of such third parties or their sites. This Privacy Policy may be subject to changes from time to time. If the "Service" makes changes to any terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add, remove portions of this Policy at any time.

If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy statement, please do not provide us with any information and do not use this site or become a "Service" customer. Your continued use of the "Service" site or service in light of changes to this statement will signify your acceptance of such changes. Please review this "Service" privacy policy and terms and conditions and if you do not agree to them, do not use our site or service as you do not have our permission to do so. 0105233/ 
