> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the latinasinlove.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519191627id_/http%3A//latinasinlove.com/Home/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dominican Women, Dominican dating, Dominican singles, Dominican personal at latinasinlove.com

This statement discloses the information gathering process and the privacy and dissemination practices for the LatinAffairs.com Web site. LatinAffairs.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protect your personal privacy. LatinAffairs.com is an internet singles portal designed to provide an easy way to meet other singles on the internet. None of the information requested can be used by the public to identify a specific individual. This includes visitors, other members, anyone not employed by LatinAffairs.com, its corporate affiliates, or the financial institutions we use to process membership fees. LatinAffairs.com is a membership-based service that collects credit card numbers, addresses, and bank information only from those who choose to sign up as paid members. Any visitors to LatinAffairs.com may choose to browse the site, search the profiles and/or view any articles by signing up for a free trial membership. LatinAffairs.com's registration form requires users to provide contact information such as an email address and demographic information (such as age, or country). LatinAffairs.com contains links to other web sites and LatinAffairs.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. Private, Public and Aggregate 

AGGREGATE This is information we collect that is not personally identifiable, such as browser type and IP address. This information is gathered from all visitors to the site. Use of Information Obtained by LatinAffairs.com PRIVATE INFORMATION: We use email addresses submitted by members when forwarding anonymous emails. Responders email addresses are not disclosed to the original sender nor is any other personally identifiable information. We may use a user's email address to send news regarding our site or offers we feel appropriate to our members but with the exception of specific direct marketing emails following the free trial period, the user may choose not to receive email of this type by indicating upon joining up to not receive such mail or later at any time through our unsubscribe methods or by modifying their account information. Email addresses may also be used in private correspondence with the user for customer service issues. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for services. All other private information submitted by the user is confidential and will not be disclosed except as required by law or to protect members of LatinAffairs.com. All private information can be updated or deleted by the user at any time. 

PUBLIC INFORMATION: Public information supplied by the user is intended to be viewed by registrants and subscribers to the site. This information is used by registrants and subscribers for searching and matching purposes. AGGREGATE: We use your server, IP address, and browser-type related information in the general administration of our website. It is not personally identifiable information and is not released to third parties. 

Use of Cookies We currently use cookies to enchance the browsing expirience of our users. The cookie is a small piece of information that helps our server to identify the user. It could not be used to identify any personal information of the user. 
