> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sketchappsources.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606190835id_/https%3A//www.sketchappsources.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Last Updated: January 2015

The Sketch App Sources site is a collection of many tips, articles, and free design resources created by Sketch users from around the world who want to share their work and passion for design. Find user interface templates, icons, buttons, website templates, mobile apps, and many more .sketch files you can download and use for your projects. All resources are available for download and depending on the terms of use by the resource creator, they are free to use in your projects.

Sketch App Sources uses personally identifiable information such as name, email, and links to your Twitter, Dribbble, Google +, and Facebook to provide you with an interactive and personalized experience. Please note this privacy policy applies only to the information collected by Sketchappsources.com and does not impact information collected by other means.

**How we gather information.**

Sketch App Sources gathers and stores information through its resource submission process. If you decide to contribute to the Sketch App Sources community you are prompted to provide information, such as your first and last name, your email address, your Dribbble, Twitter, Facebook, Google + links (if you wish to have your social media links added to your profile for others to be able to reach out to you) and your resource.

Other pages might prompt you to provide information, such as your email address to sign up for updates as well as to subscribe to the RSS feed. 

You may also provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, voting and polling activities, message boards, comment sections, and other interactive areas of the site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. We will be transparent with your privacy policy if changes occur.

**What we do with the information collected.**

We will use your information only as permitted by law. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Such aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually. We also collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. For example, we may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on Sketchappsources.com to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, products and services offered by Sketchappsources.com and other affiliates and partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and other topics we think you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share this information with other business units and affiliates. This policy does not apply to any affiliate's use of such information. Personally Identifiable Information collected by Sketch App Sources may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service and our newsletter provider, for example) may access such information. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law. 

**Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements.**

Sketchappsources.com expects its partners, advertisers, and third-party affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates, and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through Sketchappsources.com you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. Sketchappsources.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party. While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Through features available on our site, third parties may use cookies or other technology to gather information. Sketchappsources.com does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. A cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the "Cookies" folder on your hard drive after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. We use persistent and session cookies to analyze and enhance your experience on the Site, and use third party ad technology to serve ads. The data that is collected is the property of Sketchappsources.com, not the third party. We also allow third parties called ad networks or ad servers to serve ads to you on Sketchappsources.com. Cookies enable them to compile information about where you, or others who have used your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information makes it possible for the ad technology, ad servers and ad networks to deliver targeted advertisements to you on Sketchappsources.com. Sketchappsources.com does not have access to the cookies that may be placed on your computer by third-party ad technology, ad servers or ad networks. Sketchappsources.com maintains relationships with a number of third-party networks. Those parties that use cookies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting. You may find more information at the web site of the individual ad network or the Network Advertising Initiative. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on our site, such as in message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Sketchappsources.com and this policy.

**Our policy towards children.**

Sketchappsources.com does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Sketchappsources.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us.

**Changes to this policy.**

Sketchappsources.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.

**Governing law.**

This policy and the use of this Site are governed by United States law. Any claim related to the Site or this policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in the United States, within one year after the claim arises. You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action. Users of Sketchappsources.com consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy. Sketchappsources.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. You hereby consent to this transfer. In the event case of any conflict between the terms of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy (for example, a P3P electronic privacy policy), the terms of this written policy shall control.
