> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sketchapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180210102144id_/https%3A//www.sketchapp.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sketch - Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement informs you about the type of personal data that is collected and received through our website [https://www.sketchapp.com](https://www.sketchapp.com/) (“website”) and our cloud-based services that relate to the application Sketch (“Sketch Cloud”), and about how we use, share, retain and protect such personal data.

## Who we are

We are the Dutch company Bohemian B.V. (“we”, or “us”) and have our registered office at Marconistraat 20, 2562 JD, the Hague, the Netherlands: (KVK) 60360461. VAT number: NL8538.75.273.B01. We are the controller responsible for the processing of personal data through the website and Sketch Cloud.

## How we obtain personal data

We collect and receive personal data through the website and Sketch Cloud. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.

First of all, we collect personal data that you choose to voluntarily provide to us for your use of the website and Sketch Cloud. Also, we collect personal information through Sketch Cloud. In addition, we collect certain personal data by using cookies, including similar technologies such as local storage when you visit the website.

Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive or mobile device when you visit certain websites. Cookies hold information that may be accessible by the party that places the cookie, which is either the website itself (first part cookie) or a third party (third party cookies). You do have control over cookies, and can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable or delete existing cookies. Please note, however, that by not accepting or deleting the use of cookies, you may not be able to use the website and Sketch Cloud.

On the website, we use cookies for the following purposes:

  1. To gather website statistical data to analyze how our users use the website, such as which pages are visited, how long pages were visited and the paths taken by visitors to our website as they move from page to page. These cookies are placed by the domain [https://sketch.cloud](https://sketch.cloud/);
  2. To provide authentication (i.e. to keep you logged in between sessions). The information collected using local storage is stored on your browser and persists after your browser is closed.



For the purpose listed under 1), we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (such as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and time the page was viewed) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States or any other country in which Google maintains facilities. Your IP address will be masked by setting the last octet of your IP address to zero before it is stored by Google. Google will use this information to monitor your use of our website, and to compile reports on website activity for us. Based on our agreement with Google, Google is not allowed to use this information for their own purposes and may only transfer this information to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process information on Google’s behalf.

## The types of personal data we may obtain

We may collect and receive the following personal data from you:

  1. Name and contact details (such as name, address, email, username, fax and phone numbers);
  2. Account details (such as username and password);
  3. Payment information (such as bank account information);
  4. Information on your use of the website and Sketch Cloud;
  5. Personal data included in content uploaded by you to Sketch Cloud;
  6. Personal data included in comments posted by you on the website;
  7. Personal data of individuals you wish to share your uploaded content with (such as name and email address);
  8. Traffic data (such as your Internet usage).



We may collect other types of personal data if required under applicable law or if necessary for the purposes listed below. We will then inform you and ensure that there is a valid legal basis for doing so.

## How we may use personal data

We may use the personal data we collect and receive for the following purposes:

  1. To create an account for your use of the website and Sketch Cloud;
  2. To provide Sketch Cloud;
  3. To analyze how the website is used, such as which pages are visited, how long pages were visited and the paths taken by visitors to our website as they move from page to page;
  4. To verify compliance with applicable legal requirements and our policies. 
  5. To contact you, such as by sending personalized emails, about our products and services, including about Sketch Cloud.



We may share the personal data we collect and receive on a need to know basis with the following third parties:

  1. Service providers;
  2. Competent public authorities or other third parties, if required by law or reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of ourselves or others.



We may also transfer your personal data in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets on a need to know basis. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal data you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with applicable law and this Privacy Statement.

We do not sell, rent or trade your personal data.

## Data transfers outside the EEA

We may transfer the personal data we obtain to third parties in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). The laws in those countries may not offer an adequate level of data protection. In particular, personal data may be transferred to the United States.

When we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we will protect your personal data as described in this Privacy Statement and in accordance with applicable law, such as by entering into the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to a processor located outside of the European Union.

## How we protect personal data

We maintain appropriate technical and organizational security safeguards designed to protect your personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. However, due the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or the personal information stored is absolutely secure. We will notify you of any data breach that is likely to have unfavorable consequences for your privacy in accordance with applicable law.

## How Long We Retain Personal Data

We retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect or receive the personal data, except if required otherwise by applicable law. Typically, we will retain most of the personal data for the duration of your use of the website and Sketch Cloud, until you have removed your account, unless a longer applicable statutory retention period applies.

## Your Rights

You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:

  1. The right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, information on whether or not your personal data are being processed and to receive the personal data that is being processed in an intelligible form;
  2. The right to have your personal data rectified, blocked or deleted if your personal data are incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate, irrelevant, outdated or processed unlawfully.
  3. The right to object on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal data.
  4. To exercise these rights, please contact us using our contact details set out below. We may request you to provide a copy of your ID card or otherwise evidence your identity. We will respond to your request within the applicable statutory term.



## Updates to this Privacy Statement

We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. We will notify you of any significant changes to this Privacy Statement on the website or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication, unless otherwise provided in the notification.

If you have any comments or inquiries about the information in this Privacy Statement, if you would like us to update your personal data, or to exercise your rights, please contact us by email at [mail@sketchapp.com](mailto:mail@sketchapp.com).
