> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mostbuying.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161031215100id_/http%3A//mostbuying.com/article-49.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - www.Mostbuying.com

**Summary**

Thank you for accessing the website ("Site") of Mostbuying.com, Limited. ("Mostbuying.com," that's us). We are committed to making your experience at mostbuying.com enjoyful and rewarding. At the same time, we respects your privacy and takes your online safety seriously. To better protect your privacy, we provide the notice below explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To learn more, please read our Privacy Notice.  
This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. This Privacy Notice also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Notice explains your options regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting our Site, you accept the practices described in this Notice.

**Information collection and use**

1\. Information Collection.  
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site. One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. For example, we can use your personal information to:

* Help make this Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.  
* Help you quickly find information, products, and services.  
* Help us create content on this Site that is most relevant to you.  
* Alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.

When you register to receive the services provided on our website, we will ask you to provide the following personal information: name, date of birth, gender, address, e-mail, phone number, zip code, occupation, industry, personal interests and hobbies, company name, etc. We need to know those information to provide you the services you need and let you know something you might be interested in. We will also use this information to understand the customer experience by using our site to make our services more customers oriented.  
In addition, we will automatically collect information about our site and personnel comprehensive statistical information, such as: IP address, browser, browsing through the website, Visitors, etc.. But in this process, we will not reveal personal name, e-mail or phone number and some other conditions related to your privacy information. We will not provide these statistical information to third parties unless you permit.

2\. Information Use and Disclosure.  
(a) Internal Use. We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve our Site's content and layout, to improve our outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to this Site.  
(b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our site, and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style, or product; to sign up for our email newsletter and special offers. If you submit your email address, we will use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see opt out section below for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.  
(c) External Use. We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection — we primarily sell merchandise, not information. We do not sell, rent, trade, license, or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone, except that:  
(i) As do most catalog and Internet wholesalers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as DHL, and UPS) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number.  
(ii) Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in the Data Security section.)  
(iii) We may be required to disclose such information in response to requests from law-enforcement officials conducting investigations, subpoenas, a court order, or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.  
(iv) We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it is possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Notice in effect.  
(v) We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.

**Data Security**

This Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") for all financial transactions through this Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their security procedures are adequate. For example, when you visit our Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall.  
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline.

**Opt out/Collection**

Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the customer information section, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to Mostbuying.com’s Customer Support department at [support@Mostbuying com](mailto:support@mostbuying.com). Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information.

**Offline Collection, Use & Disclosure of Information  
**  
As you might expect from Mostbuying.com, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through our Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. We also try to protect the privacy of you personal information that is collected offline. For example, customers may call us to place an order or to ask questions. During the call, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question. When we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption (See the Data Security section above for more information). There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information), and this Policy does not discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. As mentioned, we primarily sell merchandise, not information, and we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices.

**Updates to this Policy**

If we change or update this Privacy Notice, we will post changes and updates on this Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Notice has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about the Privacy Notice, please contact us.
