> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cytalk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018004731id_/https%3A//www.cytalk.com/index.php%3Fmenu%3Dcompany%26submenu%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CY.TALK: Your premium quality internet telephony provider

### General

CY.TALK SWITZERLAND S.A. (‘we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We value your trust and want you to understand how we protect, collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information. This Privacy Statement applies to information about you we obtain anytime you interact with us, for example, using the websites and all related websites, our authorised points of sales, with our resellers, over the phone services, and other services, and communications where this Privacy Statement is referenced, regardless of how you access, contact us, interact or use them. Please, read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand what we do, what we share and whether you can limit this sharing. We want to ensure you are aware of our practices for collecting, using, disclosing, and processing personal information. We observe the provisions of the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act when collecting and processing personal information. 

### Scope and Consent

By using our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, authorised points of sales, resellers and/or registering for an account, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement and in our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018004731id_/https%3A//www.cytalk.com/index.php?menu=company&submenu=conditions "Terms of Service"). If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in Switzerland. 

### Type of Information We Collect/Receive and Why

As is customary with many Internet businesses, we collect information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use and access of our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, our authorised points of sales, resellers, over the phone services, other services and communications, to help us personalize, improve your experience and prevent fraud. When placing an order or using a feature or service, it is necessary to register and thus to disclose certain personal information. If you register for an account with us, you give us your personal information, and you are not anonymous to us. 

### Information Collected Automatically

When you use our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, our authorised points of sales, resellers, over the phone services and other services or interact with our content or advertising, we automatically collect certain standard technical information sent to us by your computer and/or mobile device. Examples of this standard type of information include the type of Internet browser you use, the files you requested, the domain name and country from which you request information, and your mobile phone number. We use this type of technical information to improve our websites, to make our websites and services function correctly, and to better understand how visitors use our websites and services. As part of our efforts to protect consumers from fraud, this information is also used to authenticate users, if necessary. 

### Information You Give Us

We collect and store any information you enter or you provide to us in context of using our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, telephone access numbers, authorised points of sales and resellers. This may include, but is not limited to: information you provide to us when registering for an account, including your name, email address, phone number, mobile telephone number, your physical address, as well as financial information, such as credit card, bank account numbers or electronic wallet credentials; any additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself, for example, we may ask you to send us a photo ID, company registration documents, or utility bill to verify your information and your physical address, or to answer additional questions to help verify your identity; invoicing and other information you provide to purchase a product or service from our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, telephone access numbers, through our authorised points of sales or resellers; transactional information based on your activities on our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, telephone access numbers, through our authorised points of sales and resellers; personal information provided in the context of customer support, dispute resolution; messages through our websites or messages sent to us; additional information you may provide to us via social media websites or services. 

### Information from Other Sources

We may also obtain information about you from reputable reference sources, vendors, and clearinghouse services as part of verification processes or your product use in order to better understand how you may benefit from our products and services. 

### Social Media Websites

Our automatic sign-on services allow you to use third party login credentials to access our websites, mobile and desktop applications, and to share information with third party social media websites such as Twitter, Facebook, Google Plus, and similar sites or services. You may opt to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites and related to you. The personal information we have access to varies by websites or applications and is controlled by your privacy settings on those websites or applications and your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree and understand that we may collect, use and store information from these websites or applications in accordance with this Privacy Statement. 

### How We Use It & Who We Share It With

The information we collect is to provide you with access to our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications and services, provide you with requested customer assistance and a customized experience. Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we won’t disclose your personal information to a third party without your consent. You agree that we may use your personal information to: provide you with the requested services, access to our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, as well as the customer support you request; enhance fraud prevention, detection, and investigation, monitor against theft, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, to enforce our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018004731id_/https%3A//www.cytalk.com/index.php?menu=company&submenu=conditions "Terms of Service") and otherwise protect you and our business; measure, customize and improve the effectiveness of our services, content, mobile & application experience, and marketing efforts; compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties service providers with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf. For example, but not limited to, complete a transaction you authorized, fraud investigations, websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications operations. All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform. The third parties called on may be located abroad and the data may be processed outside Switzerland; contact you, either via email, on any telephone number or by mobile messages, to resolve disputes, collect fees, deliver PINs, newsletters, receipt messages, and troubleshoot problems with your account or our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, and services or for other purposes authorized by law; conduct research and analysis, including surveys and focus groups; send marketing communications and other information regarding products and services and promotions; perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this Privacy Statement; to assist relevant national, state and local law enforcement, this may further share the personal information, and respond to subpoenas. Other businesses, if some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred; we generally would transfer the corresponding personal information regarding you. We also may retain a copy of that personal information. 

### Mobile & Computer Applications

Our applications for mobile or computer allow you to interact and purchase services and products from us, check product availability, learn about promotions, or receive other information. When you download or use our applications, we may receive personal information about your location and your mobile device and/or computer unique identifier. We may use this personal information to provide you with location-based services. If you have questions about location for your device, please contact your manufacturer or service provider to learn how to adjust your settings. All information collected by us from our applications is protected by this Privacy Statement. 

### Location Based Services

To personalize your experience, certain services or features can use information about your location to prevent fraud or to provide personalized services that are accessible only if we know your location. For example, some of our payment methods rely on your location to be activated. 

### Accessing Personal Information

You can view or edit some of your personal information online after you have signed in your account on our websites. We will not use or share the personal information you provided to us in ways that do not comply to the ones listed in this Privacy Statement without informing you and offering you a choice as provided for by applicable law. You can opt-out of all types of marketing communication entirely by following the directions provided within the applicable message.You cannot unsubscribe from administrative notifications you receive from us when using our services, websites or applications, including but not limited to: notifications of Terms of Service change, notifications of Website Conditions change, notification of Privacy Statement change, account related email and SMS notifications, updates on service maintenance and billing statements. You will be able to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions, by sending us an [email](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01dE-A0AosOGc_dG_W6LX8Eg==&c=68UZhARSaWPLa9sa7_5gyjZzaxepGNyKkZyKXYofkZ8= "Reveal this e-mail address") or using the “Contact Us” form on our website. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide our services, websites and applications. Note also that where we have provided or are providing services to you, your consent will be valid for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement or otherwise at the time of collection, and you may not be permitted to withdraw consent to certain necessary uses and disclosures (for example, maintaining reasonable business and transaction records). You will have the right at any time to correct, block or delete any personal information we have saved concerning you. If there are any legal, commercial, contractual or tax reasons to oppose deletion of personal information, in particular legal data retention periods, the personal information will be blocked rather than deleted. To do so, you can contact us by [email](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01dE-A0AosOGc_dG_W6LX8Eg==&c=68UZhARSaWPLa9sa7_5gyjZzaxepGNyKkZyKXYofkZ8= "Reveal this e-mail address") or by post at CY.TALK SWITZERLAND S.A. Privacy Officer, 7, Place du Rondeau, 1227, Carouge, Geneva, Switzerland. We recommend sending us confidential information by post rather than by email.If you have any questions concerning information privacy or you require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact us at the above address. You may also request copies of your personal information held by us. We will provide you with a copy of the personal information held by us as soon as practicable and in any event within not more than 60 days of your request in writing. Reimbursement for costs may be required in responding to requests for information. These fees apply on a per account basis. Additional fees may be charged for costs incurred in responding to burdensome or unusual requests. We may absorb these fees at our own discretion if they involve harm to our users or emergency requests. We will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity. 

### Browsing

We may offer links to other websites. If you visit one of these websites, you may want to review the Privacy Statement on that website. In addition, you may have visited our websites through a link or a banner advertisement on another website. In such cases, the websites you linked from may collect personal information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the Privacy Policies on those websites to see how they collect and use this information. We also may retain a copy of that personal information. 

### Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies

Like most other websites, we use cookies. A cookie is a small text file that contains information that a website stores on your computer and which it can later retrieve. Cookies, web beacons and similar technologies allow our servers to anonymously compile usage information to generate statistics about the general operation and use of websites. Cookies may also be used to recognize you as a returning websites visitor or our consumer, and for a faster and safer experience. We also use Cookies to identify you as a valid user who has logged into our websites, so that you will not be forced to re-enter your password multiple times while using our websites. Cookies may also be used for advertising purposes. We encourage you to review your computer setting to ensure your Cookie preferences are properly configured, such as warning you before accepting a Cookie or blocking unwanted Cookies. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. Certain of our services, however, could be dependent on cookies and you may disable entirely or partially those services by refusing cookies. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of our features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. We may work with third-party providers, who are authorized to place third-party cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies for storing information on our websites or in our services, with our permission. These service providers help us to enhance your experience. 

### Privacy Practices of Third Parties

Our websites, mobile and desktop applications may contain links to third party websites. Please, be aware, however, that we are not responsible for and cannot control the Privacy Statements of these other websites or their practices. We encourage you to read the Privacy Statements for these other websites, as they may differ from ours. This Privacy Statement applies solely to personal information collected by us. We are not responsible for the content or information practices used by other websites that are linked to or from our websites, mobile and desktop applications. In most cases, links are provided as pointers to information or services that may be useful to you. These websites are governed by their own Privacy Statements and you are encouraged to review their Privacy Statements before providing them with personal information. 

### Data Security

Based on Article 13 of the Swiss Federal Constitution every person has the right to privacy for their mail and telecommunications and the right to be protected against the misuse of their personal data. The information collected and stored by us will be treated as confidential and is protected by means of appropriate technical and organisational measures against loss and alteration as well as against unauthorised access by third parties. We use industry standard methods and security measures to safeguard the information we collected. The access to this information is restricted to employees and service providers that need to require access, as described in this Privacy Statement. Login information will be sent in encrypted form between your computer and us. 

### Use by Children

Our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, and our services are not for use by children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personal information from children without the consent of a parent or legal guardian. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us for any purpose without prior verifiable parental or guardians consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. 

### Acquisitions, Mergers, and Bankruptcy

If we should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if we should decide to buy another business, or sell or reorganize part or all of our business, we may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties. It is our practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions. We cannot, however, guarantee that our Privacy Statement will remain unchanged if we are sold or merge with another company. 

### Privacy Statement Revisions

We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time by posting the amended terms on our websites, mobile and desktop applications, and authorised points of sales. Because we continue to develop our websites, mobile and desktop applications, and authorised points of sales and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, we will regularly review our Privacy Statement. As a result, this Privacy Statement may change from time to time in the future. You agree to revisit this page regularly and your continued use of our websites, CPE, mobile and desktop applications, authorised points of sales and services indicate your acceptance of the changes. Our websites, mobile and desktop applications, and authorised points of sales will always contain the most current Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement was last updated on June 01, 2014. 

### Contacting Us

Should you have further questions regarding our Privacy Statement, you can contact us directly at the address below:   
CY.TALK SWITZERLAND S.A.   
Privacy Officer   
7, Place du Rondeau   
1227 Carouge   
Geneva - Switzerland 

By phone: 0848 88 88 85   
By [email](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01zCSNUQ5xJ09t8QPRzN9tMA==&c=7C8vZ6EUgwGE8_jpJUPvIzVApqKY0Dh8zMlAP1P9Vxg= "Reveal this e-mail address")   
Or from “[Contact us](https://www.cytalk.com/index.php?menu=company&submenu=contact "Contact CY.TALK")” 
