> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ooyala.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160517114527id_/http%3A//www.ooyala.com/websiteprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website User Privacy Policy

Effective Date: January 10, 2014.

This Website User Privacy Policy ("WPP") applies to Ooyala, Inc. (“Ooyala”) and those persons (hereinafter referred to as “You” or “Yourself”) who use of this website ([www.ooyala.com](http://www.ooyala.com/)) and any variations or successors to this website (the "Ooyala Site") solely in connection with Your use of the Ooyala Site.  This WPP only covers electronic data that Ooyala collects through the Ooyala Site and does not apply to (i) any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices by any non-Ooyala owned web pages to which the Ooyala Site may link, or (ii) any data that Ooyala and/or Ooyala’s agents, partners and/or affiliates collect offline or in connection with web sites, products, and/or services that do not display a direct link to this WPP.  By accessing and/or utilizing the Ooyala Site, You are accepting the current version of this WPP as posted at [www.ooyala.com/websiteprivacy](http://www.ooyala.com/websiteprivacy) (or such other web address that Ooyala may specify) at that time. The scope of Ooyala’s safe harbor certification is defined by Ooyala’s general EEA and Swiss safe harbor notice at [www.ooyala.com/eeasafeharbor](http://www.ooyala.com/eeasafeharbor).

**A. WHAT INFORMATION OOYALA COLLECTS FROM YOU**

This clause describes two types of information about You that Ooyala may collect in connection with your use of the Ooyala Site:   **1\. "Personal Information.**  "Personal Information refers to information containing the specifics of who You are and how you can be contacted or located  (e.g. name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address). Ooyala may collect Personal Information when You use the Ooyala Site including, without limitation, filling out surveys, corresponding with Ooyala, and otherwise volunteering information about Yourself.   **2\. "Non-Personal Information."** Non-Personal Information refers to information that, by itself, does not identify You as a specific individual (e.g. demographic information, website visitation records).  Ooyala may collect Non-Personal Information through any of the methods discussed above as well as automatically through Your use of certain technologies described in this WPP.

**B. HOW OOYALA COLLECTS YOUR INFORMATION**

This clause describes methods pursuant to which Ooyala may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from You.   **1\. Contact Through the Ooyala Site.**  Ooyala may require certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information in order to contact You (“Contact Details”) following Your submission of a request to Ooyala, for example in connection with the Ooyala Site’s _Contact Us_ web page.  Failure to provide all Contact Details required by Ooyala may prevent Ooyala from responding to your request.   **2.  Information Collected Through Technology. ** While You are able to visit the Ooyala Site without providing Contact Details, Ooyala or its third party service providers may still collect Non-Personal Information about Your use of the Ooyala Site (including, without limitation, Your internet browser, operating system, IP address, connection speed, and/or the domain name of Your internet service provider). Such information may be gathered by the following methods: **(a) IP Address.** Ooyala may automatically collect Your IP address when you visit the Ooyala Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer, laptop or other device (“Device”) whenever You begin utilizing an internet service provider (“IP Address”). Each time You access the Ooyala Site and each time You request one of Ooyala's web pages, Ooyala’s servers may receive and log Your IP Address. **(b) Cookies and Web Beacons.** Cookies, including local shared objects, are small pieces of information that are stored by Your internet browser on Your Device’s hard drive which work by assigning to Your Device a unique number that has no meaning outside of the Ooyala Site (“Cookies”).  Cookies do not generally contain any Personal Information.  Most internet browsers automatically accept Cookies, but You may be able to configure Your internet browser to prevent this. Not accepting Cookies may make certain features of the Ooyala Site unavailable to You.  Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in web pages and e-mails. Ooyala may use the foregoing methods in HTML e-mails that Ooyala sends to You to determine whether You have opened such e-mails and/or clicked on links in such e-mails (“Web Beacons”).  The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is Personal Information. Ooyala may also use information from Cookies and Web Beacons to learn about Your visits to the Ooyala Site and/or analyze such information to help us understand traffic to the Ooyala Site and to improve the Ooyala Site.   Such information may, for example, include: the date and time You visit the Ooyala Site, the areas or pages of the Ooyala Site that You visit, the amount of time You spend viewing the Ooyala Site, the number of times You return to the Ooyala Site, other click-stream data, and/or other automatically collected data. **  Do Not Track Disclosure. **Your web browser and/or other tracking opt out services that You use may (or may be configured to) send signals to the Ooyala Site requesting that the Ooyala Site does not collect Personal Information and/or Non-Personal Information from You ("Do Not Track Signals").  Please be advised that Ooyala and Ooyala's third party providers do not honor Do Not Track Signals and will continue to collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information in accordance with this WPP.  If the foregoing is of concern to You, Ooyala suggests that You refrain from visiting the Ooyala Site.

**C. HOW OOYALA USES YOUR INFORMATION**

This clause describes how Ooyala may use information collected from You.   **1\. System Administration.**  Ooyala may use Personal and Non-Personal Information in furtherance of provisioning the Ooyala Site (including without limitation administering, protecting, and improving the Ooyala Site).   **2\. Personalization.** Ooyala may use Cookies, Web Beacons and/or IP Addresses to track your navigation and/or other use of the Ooyala Site (including without limitation any video player contained therein) for marketing or other purposes in Ooyala’s sole discretion.   **3\. Promotional E-mails.** Ooyala may use Your Personal Information to send You e-mails containing promotions or events relating to Ooyala or from Ooyala's business and/or marketing partners or sponsors.  You may opt-out of receiving such promotional e-mails by sending an e-mail to [privacy@ooyala.com](mailto:privacy@ooyala.com) and/or following the instructions contained in Ooyala’s email response (if any).  Once Ooyala has processed Your opt-out request, Ooyala will not send You promotional e-mails unless You opt back in to receiving such communications. **4\. Contact Information.**  If You contact Ooyala by telephone, e-mail, letter or via the Ooyala Site’s _Contact Us_ page or such similar web page accessible through the Ooyala Site, Ooyala may keep a record of Your contact information and correspondence.  If You report a problem with the Ooyala, Ooyala may collect this information in a file specific to You.   **5\. Combining Data.**  To the extent permitted by applicable law, Ooyala may combine the various types of data that Ooyala collects with other data that we collect from You.

**D. HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Upon Your request, (i) Ooyala will permit You to update or correct Personal Information previously submitted, but only to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests, and (ii) Ooyala will, to the extent commercially reasonable within Ooyala’s existing system and internal policies, delete Personal Information from Ooyala’s database where such information is stored; however, You understand and agree that it may be impossible to entirely delete entries without some residual information being retained due to the manner in which data backups are maintained. You agree to submit all requests to update, correct and/or delete Personal Information solely to [privacy@ooyala.com](mailto:privacy@ooyala.com).

**E. WHERE OOYALA STORE AND PROCESS DATA**

Ooyala and/or its agents, partners and/or affiliates store data collected in connection with the Ooyala Site on servers located around the world in various locations including, without limitation, parts of the United States of America, Asia and the European Economic Area.

**F. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES**

Ooyala does not sell, trade or rent Personal Information collected through the Ooyala Site to any third party and does not disclose Your Personal Information except as follows: Ooyala may (1) disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation or to enforce this WPP; (2) share or transfer Personal Information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of Ooyala’s business; and (3) share or transfer Your Personal Information to Ooyala’s agents, partners, and affiliates.  In addition, Ooyala reserves the right to fully use and disclose any Personal Information that Ooyala collects via the Ooyala Site that is not in personally identifiable form.

**G. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

This clause describes methods that Ooyala utilizes in connection with information provided by You in connection with use of the Ooyala Site as well as responsibilities that You have to protect Your information.  **1\. Security Measures.**  Transmissions over the internet are never completely secure or error-free.  However, Ooyala in its sole discretion undertakes certain security measures aimed at to protecting against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information.   **2\. Third Party Links.** The Ooyala Site may contain links to third parties who may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from You. Additionally, Ooyala may use third parties to provide components or portions of the Ooyala Site. In either case, such third parties may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Ooyala, and in all cases Ooyala: (a) has no responsibility or liability for any such third party policies or actions; (b) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third parties or their websites; and (c) does not make any warranties or representations about the website, products or services offered by such third parties or the security of any information that You provide to them.  It is Your responsibility to determine whether You will utilize and/or access any such third party links that may appear on the Ooyala Site.

**H. CHANGES TO THE WPP**

Ooyala continually strives to implement new technologies and processes in connection with the Ooyala Site. As a result, changes to this WPP may be made by Ooyala from time to time. Ooyala recommends that You revisit this WPP on occasion to learn of any changes. 

**I. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING MINORS**

Use of the Ooyala Site is not intended for minors under the age of 18 ("Minors").  Minors are not authorized by Ooyala to use the Ooyala Site, any access to or use of the Ooyala Site by a Minor is strictly prohibited and is in violation of this WPP.  Ooyala does not intentionally collect or maintain any Personal Information from Minors.  You shall not provide Ooyala with any Personal Information of Minors.

**J. CONTACT OOYALA**

If You have any questions about this WPP, please contact Ooyala by sending a letter or e-mail to: Ooyala, Inc. Attn: Privacy 800 W El Camino Real, Suite 350 Mountain View, CA 94040 or [privacy@ooyala.com](mailto:privacy@ooyala.com).
