> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the easefilter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-01-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120121105622id_/http%3A//www.easefilter.com/Privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EaseFilter - Privacy Policy

**Information we collect**  
What we do with this information The use of "cookies" Your consent Give us your feedback At EaseFilter Inc. (referred as "EaseFilter" below), your right to privacy is one of our primary concerns. This Privacy Policy describes the guidelines EaseFilter uses to protect the information we collect about you during your visit to our Web site. Information we collect At various times, EaseFilter requests personal information. This can be done while you are visiting the site, or during a purchase via our Web site, phone, or fax. Information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, and personal interests. In addition, EaseFilter periodically sponsors contests and other promotions that may require additional information in order to participate. 

**What we do with this information**  
The requests for information allow EaseFilter to provide services you have requested or to enhance your experience while visiting us. The information that we collect during a purchase is necessary for us to fulfill your order, track the status of your order, and provide the best customer service possible. EaseFilter will not sell your private information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. However, many downloadable software applications that we sell require the software developers to provide the customer with a registration code to convert trial versions into full versions. In these cases, EaseFilter must provide the software developers with relevant customer information in order for them to generate a registration code and email it to the customer. Although we strongly encourage software developers to follow strict privacy policies, EaseFilter cannot be responsible for the privacy practices that each of the software companies follow. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual Web sites. EaseFilter may also disclose your information in certain cases where we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe it is required by law. Periodically, we will use the information provided to us to notify you of important announcements regarding special offers or important functionality changes to our Web site. EaseFilter also provides free email newsletters to those who are interested in receiving them. If you would rather not receive these updates and/or newsletters, you can request to be excluded from these announcements in your user profile at EaseFilter or during checkout. We also include unsubscribe instructions with each email newsletter we send out. EaseFilter may also use customer information on an aggregate basis to better understand our users and to improve our services. Aggregate statistics may also be disclosed to potential advertisers and/or business partners. (For example, we might use the aggregate statistic "15% of EaseFilter's users are from Texas", but we would not give away that "Mr. John Doe, age 35, is from Dallas, Texas", unless we had prior permission.) 

**The Use of cookie**  
EaseFilter does use cookies. Cookies are small information files stored by your browser on your hard drive that allow us to provide advanced features such as personalization and shopping carts. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. If you wish, you can change your browser settings to disable cookies, but please note that cookies must be enabled on your browser in order to make a purchase at our Web site. 

**Your Consent**  
By visiting and purchasing products through EaseFilter's Web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information described above by EaseFilter. We may periodically modify our privacy policy and will post any changes on this page so you can always be up to date on the information we collect and how we use it. 

Give us your feedback   
EaseFilter welcomes your questions and comments about our Privacy Policy. Email us at info@EaseFilter.com.
