> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the easylunchboxes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091219191449id_/http%3A//www.easylunchboxes.com/policies/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

| 

What Private Information do we Collect?  
To ease your mind, by just clicking on our site, absolutely no information is tracked or collected about you. However, when you write, phone, fax or email us, or when you place an order, we take your information. This allows us to reply to your questions or comments, to process and fulfill your orders and to notify you of your order status. In these cases we would need your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone numbers credit card number and expiration date.

Who Sees This Information?  
Only us! EasyLunchboxes.com will NEVER sell, trade or rent your personal information to others, for any purpose, whatsoever. However, if you submit photos or testimonials to us with permission to post, then we will post your submission and your name, But we will never post your phone number or email address.

What Do We Do With This Information?  
If you sign up for our mailing list, we will use your contact information to occasionally keep you informed of new products. That’s all.

What About “Cookies?”  
EasyLunchboxes.com creates temporary “session” cookies only when you are in the shopping cart. These are NOT permanently stored on your computer. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a website to give you a unique ID. Cookies help make it easier for you to use our site, and they help us process your order. A cookie generated by our site contains no information about you. It contains only a numeric ID that, for example, is needed to access our online shopping cart. In this way, the cookie keeps track of your selections and lets you continue shopping where you left off without losing any of the items in your cart.

How Can I be Removed From Your Mailing List?  
Let us know if you would prefer not to receive any materials from us in the future. Please contact us below.

EasyLunchboxes.com  
P. O. Box 571314  
Tarzana, CA 91357-1314  
USA  
Tel: 800-867-9229  
[ **email**](https://web.archive.org/web/20091219191449id_/http%3A//www.easylunchboxes.com/contact/address.htm)

Please also see our [**Security Statement**](https://web.archive.org/web/20091219191449id_/http%3A//www.easylunchboxes.com/policies/security_statement.htm).  
 

|  |  |  | 
