> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the easygolforder.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101118054342id_/http%3A//www.easygolforder.com/article-23-Privacy-Notice.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice - Service Center - Help - Discount Golf Equipment: Golf Clubs for Sale, Golf Shoes, Bags, Accessories - All on Sale!

09/13/2008

Our website allows you to buy products and services, sign up for a gift registry, enter contests, receive special discounts, apply for credit, fill out surveys, and receive newsletters, e-mails or other promotional information from us. We use the information that we collect about you to fulfill your product and service purchases and to create a more personalized online experience. This is just a brief overview, so please read on for more details about our Privacy Policy. This Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Except as limited below, we reserve the right to use or disclose your personally identifiable information for business reasons in whatever manner desired; Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online. For some services, we either collect or transfer personal information to a service provider you have selected, or you may visit other merchants through links on our site who may collect and use your personal information. In those cases the third-party service provider or merchant's privacy policy will govern how your information is handled. We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your personal information to others. 

This Privacy Policy will explain the following regarding use of our site: 

1.   In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, easygolforder.com collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site. 

2.   Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide easygolforder.com's visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them of their order status, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administer our systems. Demographic data also may be collected at our site from third party advertising servers, content servers, or web site analysis agents who provide us with the zip code and area code associated with a visitor's server, along with pages viewed on our site. We review the actions of the Easygolforder.com visitors on an aggregate basis to determine customers' preferences. Easygolforder.com also does research on our visitors' demographics, interests, and pages viewed based on the information provided to us during ordering, a promotion, from our server log files, from our web site analysis agents, or from contests, drawings or surveys. We will use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site use, to improve our product offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and services. We receive reports from third party ad servers, content servers, or web site analysis agents that tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon or what content was served or viewed. We may also share your personally identifiable information with third parties who provide services to us, our customers and web site visitors. Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees and consultants and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents"). 

3.   The information collected by easygolforder.com is used for processing orders, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical purposes, for improving our site and its performance, to serve ads, and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to charge your credit card, fill your order, deliver your order, provide customer service, provide you with credit and deliver promotional e-mails to you from easygolforder.com. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment; and release your address and telephone information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. Where you order or sign up for goods or services offered through our site, but sold directly to you by a third party or fulfilled by a third party, we give your personal information to that third party to facilitate the sale of such goods or services. The information collected by or for easygolforder.com may be provided to an outside company for the purpose of analysis. That analysis is to help us to improve our site and product selection, and to notify you of special offers that may be of interest to you. That data analysis agent may not share any Personally Identifiable Information with others, or use it for any other purpose than to help easygolforder.com. 

4.   We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. During the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases. 

5.   You may "opt-out", or unsubscribe from our newsletters, emails or personalized on-line advertisements by following any unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail, newsletter or personalized on-line advertisement you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to service@easygolforder.com. After doing so, if you have opted out of receiving all newsletters, all promotional emails or all personalized on-line ads, you will not receive future promotional emails, newsletters or personalized on-line advertisements (as applicable), unless you open a new account, enter a contest, or otherwise subsequently sign up to receive newsletters, emails or personalized on-line advertisements. 

6.   In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. Within easygolforder.com, your information is kept on password protected, limited access servers. Wherever possible and applicable, easygolforder.com servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains controls on access to the system from both our internal network and the Internet. 

7.   Other sites accessible through our web site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Easygolforder.com is not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that this site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those web sites linked to easygolforder.com are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect. On behalf of various sponsors, easygolforder.com provides sponsored links to third-party web sites. If you click on a sponsored link or banner ad, a "window" or "frame" containing a third-party's web site may appear in the foreground with the easygolforder.com web site in the background. Unless you are on easygolforder.com's web site, any time that you have moved to a window, you should assume that your personal information is being collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the windowed site's privacy policy (if any). If you are unsure as to whose privacy policy applies, please contact us by sending a letter to the address below. 

8.   If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact easygolforder.com by sending an e-mail to: service@easygolforder.com. 
