> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 131500.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141204030438id_/http%3A//www.transportnsw.info/en/about/privacy.page) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy statement - about | transportnsw.info

This NSW Government website is maintained by Transport for NSW, which operates the website using the name ‘Transport ’. This Privacy Statement applies to all the publicly accessible pages located at the transportnsw.info site.

Transport for NSW does not have any responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of third party sites linked to the transportnsw.info site.

If you have any questions about the transportnsw.info site, or the application of this Privacy Policy or a request for access to information held by Transport for NSW, please contact:

Privacy Coordinator  
Transport for NSW  
Level 6, 18 Lee Street   
Chippendale NSW 2008   
Phone: (02) 8202 2200  
Fax: (02) 8202 2209  
TTY: (02) 9268 2244

**Postal address:**  
PO Box K659   
Haymarket NSW 1240

Users of the transportnsw.info site are entitled to expect that any information gathered while using the site will be treated within the terms of the New South Wales government's privacy responsibilities and obligations. The New South Wales government's privacy practices are regulated by the New South Wales Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1988.

## What information do we collect

When you look at the pages on the transportnsw.info site our computers automatically record information that identifies, for each page accessed:

  * the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the device being used, which can sometimes be matched to broad geographic data
  * the pages accessed, documents downloaded and transactions completed such as keywords searched for onsite or trip plans and other forms completed
  * the date and time of your visit
  * the last site and page visited immediately prior to arriving at the transportnsw.info site, including any search terms used at internet search engines
  * the address, hostname and top-level domain, for example .com or .au, of your server
  * the type of browser and operating system used on the device
  * the bandwidth, that is, your internet connection speed
  * if the device supports JavaScript or other specific technologies and their version number
  * the number of screen colours displayed on the device
  * the time spent on each page of the transportnsw.info site



## Cookies

### What are cookies

'Cookies' are small pieces of text data that a web server can store on, and later retrieve from, a computer. They do not personally identify you, but do identify your browser. Cookies can be either 'persistent' or 'session' based. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer, contain an expiration date, and may be used to track your browsing behaviour upon return to the issuing website. Session cookies are short-lived, are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you shut down your browser.

### How we use cookies

The transportnsw.info site uses first and second party persistent cookies (i.e. issued and retrieved by the transportnsw.info systems or Google) to collect information about visitor behaviour and general website statistics.

We may also record your preferences in relation to your use of the transportnsw.info site and other information about your enquiry that allows us to provide a faster and richer interaction when you return to the site in the future, such as being able to populate fields in the Trip Planner from your previous entries.

The cookies on the transportnsw.info site do not read the information on your hard drive. Transport for NSW makes no attempt to associate cookies with users' names or identities. Our server cannot find out your name or email address from the cookies used on the site.

## Google Analytics

The transportnsw.info site uses Google Analytics, a reporting service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") and its subsidiaries. Google Analytics uses "cookies" to help us analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties, where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note, however, if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the transportnsw.info site. By using the site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

For more details visit [Google Analytics Terms of Service](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/tos.html)

## How we use information collected

The information collected during each visit is aggregated with similar logged information and published in reports so Transport for NSW can identify patterns of usage of the transportnsw.info site. This will assist us in improving the site and the services offered on it.

Transport for NSW will not disclose or publish information that identifies individual machines, or potentially identifies sub-groupings of addresses, without consent or otherwise in accordance with the New South Wales Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998.

### Other uses

Transport for NSW may collect, use and disclose more extensive information than stated above in the following circumstances, including:

  * unauthorised attempts to access files which are not published transportnsw.info pages 
  * unauthorised tampering or interference with files published on the transportnsw.info site
  * unauthorised attempts to index the contents of the transportnsw.info site by other websites
  * attempts to intercept messages of other users of the transportnsw.info site
  * communications that are defamatory, abusive, vilify individuals or groups or which give rise to a suspicion that an offence is being committed, and
  * attempts to otherwise compromise the security of the web server, breach the laws of the State of New South Wales or Commonwealth of Australia, or interfere with the enjoyment of the transportnsw.info site by other users. 



Transport for NSW reserves the right to make disclosures to relevant authorities where the use of the transportnsw.info site raises a suspicion that an offence is being, or has been, committed.

In the event of an investigation, Transport for NSW will provide access to data to any law enforcement agency that may execute a warrant to inspect our logs.

## Secure storage

Information collected is stored in an appropriately secure format and held by Transport for NSW for archival purposes. When the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected it is deleted.

## What we do with feedback information

Transport for NSW provides feedback facilities on the transportnsw.info site to allow users to provide input into the future development of the site and to comment on the provision of transport services in NSW.

Personal details are requested to enable follow up for more details or for the purpose of providing a reply to your feedback. This information will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided. We will not add your email address or name to any mailing list.

Transport for NSW may publish aggregated information about feedback on the transportnsw.info site, to the extent that it does not identify or cannot be used to identify individual users.

## Access to data

Transport for NSW captures this information on its own computers and those of its contracted service providers. Access to the raw data is restricted to a limited number of officers in Transport for NSW and its contracted service providers for the purpose of website analysis and to report on the success of Transport for NSW in meeting its communication and access objectives.

## Updates to this policy

Due to the developing nature of privacy principles for online communication, this policy may be modified or expanded in light of new developments or issues that may arise from time to time. The amended policy will be posted to the transportnsw.info site and will operate from the time it is posted.



