> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the klaviyo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170207051103id_/https%3A//www.klaviyo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Klaviyo

This is the Privacy Policy (“ **Privacy Policy** “) of Klaviyo Inc. (“ **Klaviyo** ” or “ **us** ” or “ **we** “). Klaviyo is committed to maintaining privacy protections for its customers. Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to provide our online customer management services presently offered or available (the “ **Services** “). The Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and store the personal information you provide to us. Our Terms of Service (the “ **Terms of Service** “), governs your use of our online services, any content or information therein, the Klaviyo website at www.klaviyo.com, any subdomains of www.klaviyo.com, and any other website pages on which services are provided by us (collectively, the “ **Site** “). Any capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Service.

1 | **INFORMATION WE COLLECT**. We collect Customer Data (including, without limitation, End Customer Data), which may contain “ **Personal Information**.” Personal Information includes information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name and/or your business’ name, address, telephone number, email address, payment information and other information which you submit to us at the Site. We may also collect information about the behavior of your or our other customers’ behavior when visiting the Site. Klaviyo may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Klaviyo does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  
---|---  
1.1 | **Information collected via Technology**. In an effort to improve the quality of the Site and the Services, we track information provided to us by your browser when you view the Site or use the Services, such as your Internet service provider, the website you came from (known as the “referring URL”), the type of browser you use, your operating system, the device from which you connected to the Services, the time and date of access, the Site pages viewed, time spent at our Site, the sites visited just before and just after our Site, and other information that does not personally identify you. We may track this information using cookies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Klaviyo uses cookies to help Klaviyo identify and track visitors, their usage of Klaviyo website, and their website access preferences. Klaviyo’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, and service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.  
1.2 | **No Use of Our Services by Persons under 18**. The Services are not intended for use by anyone under 18 and Klaviyo doesn’t knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from children under 13. You may learn more about protecting children’s privacy online by visiting [www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy](http://www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy).  
2 | **HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION**  
2.1 | **Personal Information**. Klaviyo discloses Personal Information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Klaviyo’s behalf or to provide services available at Klaviyo’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Klaviyo’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, Klaviyo will not sell Personal Information to anyone. If you are a registered customer of Klaviyo and have supplied your email address, Klaviyo may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Klaviyo and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other customers.  
2.2 | Your data may be stored through Stripe’s or other third party payment processors’ data storage, databases, and the Stripe and such other third party payment applications. You should review the privacy policy of [Stripe](https://stripe.com/us/privacy) and such other payment processors before using either to make a purchase.  
2.3 | **Mergers, Acquisitions and Similar Business Transactions**. In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Customer Data may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Customer Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may also use or disclose information collected on the Site to resolve disputes or investigate problems. We may disclose or access such information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it such as to comply with a subpoena, or if we consider it necessary to maintain the Services and improve our products and services.  
3 | **HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION**. We implement security measures designed to protect your Customer Data from unauthorized access, disclosure or accidental loss or destruction. However, these measures do not guarantee that your Customer Data will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. Klaviyo makes no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access. By using visiting our Site and using our Services, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. Communications you may have with us via email or U.S. Mail may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures are in place prior to your sending information.  
4 | **LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES**. As part of the Services, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. Some of these sites may even be co-branded with the Klaviyo name or logo. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third party website accessed by selecting a link on our Site or via our Services. The privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our customers to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.  
5 | **CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**. Please read the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy carefully. Klaviyo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. We will notify you of significant material changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our Site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates. The effective date of the latest version of the Privacy Policy will appear on this page.  
6 | **CONTACT US**. If you desire not to receive information about products or services we think may be of interest to you or if you wish to access, delete or correct you information, please send us an email to [success@klaviyo.com](mailto:success@klaviyo.com).  
7 | **DATA RETENTION**. We will retain Customer Data as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account contact us at [success@klaviyo.com](mailto:success@klaviyo.com). We will retain and use your Customer Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  
8 | **CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**. California law permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at [success@klaviyo.com](mailto:success@klaviyo.com).
