> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the essexmagazine.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180204191451id_/http%3A//www.essexmagazine.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Essex Magazine

Essex Mag – Privacy Policy This privacy policy sets out how we use any personal information that you give to us or we collect from you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Personal information also includes anything else that can identify you as an individual, such as photos or videos of you and any information regarding your interests, hobbies, preferences or other similar information which we link to your personal information. We refer to this as “your information” in this privacy policy. We may give certain words that are used in this privacy policy a particular meaning which will be set out where these words are featured in bold within inverted commas like this: “words”. OUR DETAILS “We”, “us” and “our” means Essex Magg which is a trading style of Essex TV owned by ESTV Mag LTD. Our principal place of business is at Kemp House, 152 City Road, London, EC1V 2NX. If you have any questions or concerns please refer to our frequently answered questions(“FAQs”). If the FAQs do not adequately address your questions or concerns you may contact us using contact details on our contact page. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We may need to make changes to this privacy policy in future. For example to reflect changes in the law, changes in the type of services or information we provide to you or to correct any errors. We will try to keep all such changes to a minimum. We recommend that you check this policy from time to time to see if it has changed. We will always state at the bottom of this policy the date on which it was last updated. Please note: If you continue to use our services after our privacy policy changes you will be bound by those changes. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION We collect your information in the following ways. When you give it to us, for example when you: provide information about yourself to enter one of our competitions or promotions supply us with your details to appear on a show;submit your content to be featured on Essex TV; this may include pictures, videos and stories. opt in to receive any of our newsletters or other marketing information rate or post any comments regarding content cast a vote on anything within our online services HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION We use your information operationally?(either directly ourselves or through one of our partners)?to: process content you have submitted and contact you about this enter you for the competitions or promotions which you have indicated you wish to enter identify your personal preferences for any communications to you such as newsletters allow you to post comments, rate content or cast your vote respond to or deal with any queries or complaints that you may have In addition and with your consent we (and if applicable, our partners or other trusted third parties) use your information for certain marketing, market research, analysis and related purposes. It is up to you how much or how little information you allow us to use for these purposes. Our on screen notices will ask for your explicit permission (often by way of a tick box) for such additional purposes. These purposes include: to communicate with you from time to time by email regarding promotions, competitions and opportunities we have we feel may suit you. to make your information available from time to time to trusted partners and third parties, for the same purposes as above (which will be in accordance with the privacy policies of such trusted partners and third parties) to conduct market research, for example by asking you to participate in a survey about topical issues conducted by us or trusted partners or third parties. We will always try to tell you before you participate in the survey how any information you provide in the survey will be used In addition, we use your information to enable us and third parties acting on our behalf to analyse your information, in a non-identifying form, (generally in the form of statistics), so that we can identify trends about usage of our online or other services and improve them. We also reserve the right to access and disclose your personal information in order to comply with applicable laws, to comply with lawful requests from governments, law enforcement agencies or parties whose request we reasonably consider to be justified in connection with any allegations by any party about your abuse of our services, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves or our users. Some of the partners and third parties with whom we share your information for the purposes set out above may be outside of the European Union and in countries which may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data, by using our online services you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the EU. SECURITY We have taken steps to ensure that your personal information is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorised access. BUSINESS TRANSFERS In the unlikely event that we sell or otherwise dispose of some or all of our business to another party, we reserve the right to transfer your information as part of any assets sold or disposed of and you consent to such transfer. This policy was last updated on 11 October 2016
