> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seminolestate.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140525171439id_/http%3A//www.seminolestate.edu/internet_privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Internet Privacy Policy - Seminole State College of Florida

## Seminole State is Committed to Privacy

Whenever you visit this site, the Seminole State Web server only recognizes the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed it. This information does not identify any personal information about you. 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to analyze how users use this site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity, user demographics, and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Learn more about [Google's Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacy.html "Click to View Google's Privacy Policy") and the [Google Analytics Terms of Service](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html "Click to View Google Analytics Terms of Service").

##### Optional Information

If you choose to share personal information with Seminole State, such as by subscribing to a newsletter, sending a message or completing an electronic form with personal information, it will solely be used for the purposes for which you have authorized. Some of this information may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with the State of Florida's archiving policies; however, it will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law.

##### Contact Us

If you have questions or concerns about Seminole State's privacy policy or suggestions on how it can be improved, contact WebSupport@seminolestate.edu.
