> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bnamericas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616034100id_/http%3A//www.bnamericas.com/privacy.jsp%3Fidioma%3DI) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Business News Americas - Latin America's Business Information Leader

  
This privacy statement is applicable to all Business News Americas (BNamericas) web sites and affiliated web sites. 

BNamericas does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, suggestions and transactional areas. Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from BNamericas and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, BNamericas reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. 

BNamericas reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. BNamericas will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that BNamericas may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a BNamericas site. BNamericas is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. 

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of BNamericas' internet servers or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that BNamericas cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for BNamericas. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the BNamericas Site. 

If you have any questions about BNamericas' privacy policy you should contact[ info@BNamericas.com](mailto:info@bnamericas.com)
