> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the a9.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051201185516id_/http%3A//a9.com/-/company/privacypolicy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# A9.com > Company > Privacy Policy

**Updated** : 15 September 2004 ([What changed?](https://web.archive.org/-/company/privacypolicy-diff.jsp))

A9.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. A9.com does not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information from customers in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice. **By visiting A9.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.**

PLEASE NOTE THAT A9.COM IS A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF AMAZON.COM, INC. IF YOU HAVE AN ACCOUNT ON AMAZON.COM AND AN AMAZON.COM COOKIE, INFORMATION GATHERED BY A9.COM, AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, MAY BE CORRELATED WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT AMAZON.COM HAS AND USED BY A9.COM AND AMAZON.COM TO IMPROVE THE SERVICES WE OFFER. 

#### What Personal Information About Users Does A9.com Gather?

The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at A9.com. Here are the types of information we gather. 

  * **Information You Give Us** : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as customizing the site for you, improving the site, responding to your requests, and communicating with you.

  * **Automatic Information** : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use cookies, and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses A9.com. Click here to see examples of the information we receive. If you would prefer not to be recognized on our site, we recommend that you use our alternate service located at [generic.A9.com](http://generic.a9.com/). On generic.A9.com, we will not recognize your A9.com or Amazon.com cookie. Information we gather on generic.A9.com will not be used in our data analysis (other than to detect abuse) and will not be used to personalize the services we offer you.

  * **E-mail Communications** : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from A9.com if your computer supports such capabilities. 

  * **Information from Other Sources** : For reasons such as improving personalization of our service, we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our information.




#### What About Cookies?

  * Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features, such as personalization.

  * The "help" function on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of A9.com's coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. 




#### Does A9.com Share the Information It Receives?

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. 

  * **Use of Third Party Service Providers** : We may, from time-to-time, employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending e-mail and analyzing data. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.

  * **Business Relationships with Third Parties We Do Not Control** : We work closely with some third parties. In some cases, we will include offerings from these businesses on A9.com. In other cases, we may include joint offerings from A9.com and these businesses on A9.com. Click here for examples of co-branded and joint offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in the offering, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.

  * **Business Transfers** : As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that A9.com, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. 

  * **Protection of A9.com and Others** : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our [Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/-/company/tou.jsp) and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of A9.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice. 

  * **With Your Consent** : Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. 




#### What About Third-Party Advertisers?

Our site includes third-party advertising, and some of our advertisers use third-party companies to serve their advertisements that appear on our site. Often, these third-party advertising companies, called "ad networks" or "network advertisers", employ cookie and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to show you ads that are more relevant and interesting to you. We do not provide any user information to them, and we do not have access to or control cookies that may be placed by the ad networks. If you would like more information about the ad networks, including information about how to opt-out of their information collection, the [National Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) offers useful information on its Web site.

#### What Choices and Access Do I Have?

If you would prefer not to be recognized on our site, we recommend that you use our alternate service located at generic.A9.com. On generic.A9.com, we will not recognize your Amazon.com cookie and we will not save any information stored in your A9.com cookie other than your column preferences, which are stored in your A9.com cookie and used by generic.A9.com. Information we gather on generic.A9.com will not be used in our data analysis (other than to detect abuse) and will not be used to personalize the services we offer you.

#### Children

A9.com is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may not submit information about yourself to A9.com.

#### Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions

If you choose to visit A9.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at A9.com, please send us a thorough description by [clicking here](http://a9.com/-/feedback/A9?type=Privacy%20policy), and we will try to resolve it. 

Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers

#### Related Practices and Information 

  * [Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/-/company/tou.jsp)

  * [A9 Toolbar Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/-/company/toolbar-tou.jsp)




* * *

#### Notes

### Information You Provide

You provide most such information when you use A9.com to search or otherwise communicate with us. For example, you provide information when you enter search terms; set bookmarks; download and use our [toolbar](https://web.archive.org/-/company/toolbar-tou.jsp); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; and employ our other services. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with personally identifiable information or information about things that interest you.

### Automatic Information

Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; and pages you viewed or searched for.

### Co-Branded and Joint Offerings

Examples of businesses with which we offer co-branded or joint offerings include Google and GuruNet.
