> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lep.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616111425id_/http%3A//lep.co.uk/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Disclaimer

  


  1. Johnston Press Plc is a member of the Johnston Press Plc Group. We will use your personal details and information we obtain from other sources to provide you with our goods and services, for administration and customer services, for credit scoring, for marketing, to analyse your purchasing preferences and to ensure that the content, services and advertising that we offer are tailored to your needs and interests. We may keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes. We may need to share your information with our service providers and agents for these purposes. We may disclose personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
  2. We may also store information about you using cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our site in future. We do this to operate a shopping cart and to remember your content preferences.
  3. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
  4. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
  5. When you visit our site, we may also log your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device.
  6. We also include web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or web bugs) in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns. This means that if you open an email from us we can see which pages of our site you visit. Our web beacons do not store additional information on your computer, but by communicating with our cookies on your computer, they can tell us when you have opened our email. If you object to web beacons, we recommend you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies in paragraph 4. We will still know how many of our mails are opened and we will automatically receive your IP address, but we will not identify you as an individual.
  7. In assessing your application for credit, to prevent fraud, to check your identity and to prevent money laundering, Johnston Press may search the files of credit reference agencies who will record any credit searches on your file. We may also disclose details of how you conduct your account to such agencies. The information will be used by other credit grantors for making credit decisions about you and the people with whom you are financially associated, for fraud prevention, money laundering prevention and occasionally for tracing debtors. Information used for these purposes will include publicly available information such as electoral roll, county court judgments, bankruptcy orders or repossessions.
  8. We may ask credit reference agencies to provide a credit scoring computation. Credit scoring uses a number of factors to work out risks involved in any application. A score is given to each factor and a total score obtained. Where automatic credit scoring computations are used, acceptance or rejection of your application will not depend only on the results of the credit scoring process.
  9. We may also share your information with our business partners in the travel, property, automotive, financial services, leisure, entertainment, advertising, media, retail and mail order business for marketing purposes or we may send you information about other organisations' goods and services. We or our business partners may contact you by mail, telephone, fax, e-mail or other electronic messaging service with offers of goods and services or information that may be of interest to you e.g. holidays, cars, property, financial and leisure services, entertainment, media products, advertising, clothing or household goods. By providing us with your fax number, land line and/or mobile telephone numbers or email address you consent to being contacted by these methods for these purposes. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us tick the appropriate box on the form you complete or from our business partners again please tick the appropriate box on the form you complete.
  10. By providing us with your personal information, you consent to our processing your sensitive personal data, such as health data, for the above purposes. You also consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, if necessary for the above purposes. If we do make such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected.
  11. If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their personal data including sensitive personal data and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out above) for which their personal data will be processed.
  12. Johnston Press Group plc have a partner account with WorldPay. The processing of online transactions is dealt with solely by WorldPay. WorldPay have a comprehensive privacy policy which can be located at http://www.worldpay.co.uk/about/index.php?go=privacy. The only data released to Johnston Press via WorldPay are the name, delivery address, contact number, goods purchased, email address and IP address of the individual concerned.
  13. We offer the use of a secure server when you place orders or access your account information. [SSL] (the secure server software) encrypts your information before it is sent to us. We also take appropriate measures to ensure that the information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.
  14. We link to a wide variety of other sites and we display advertisements from third parties on our site. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these sites and third party advertisers, nor for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, we are not agents for these sites or advertisers nor are we authorised to make representations on their behalf.
  15. You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If you wish to exercise your rights to this information please forward your request, in writing, to Data Protection Officer, Johnston Press plc, Yorkshire Post Building, Wellington Street, Leeds, LS1 1RF.
  16. For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communications with us.
  17. If your personal details change, if you change your mind about any of your marketing preferences or if you have any queries about how we use your information, please let us know by contacting our Data Protection Officer at Johnston Press plc, Yorkshire Post Building, Wellington Street, Leeds, LS1 1RF or email data.protection@jpress.co.uk.
  18. This data protection notice may change and therefore you should review it regularly. We will of course notify you of any changes where we are required to do so.



[](https://web.archive.org/) [](https://web.archive.org/sitemap.aspx) [](https://web.archive.org/contactus.aspx)
