> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lepak.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218064757id_/http%3A//www.lepak.tv/page.php%3Fpage%3D10) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lepak.TV - Sharing Entertainment

We gather user information to provide you with a customized experience on our site. Your user information helps us tailor the content, services, goods and advertising to your current and future needs. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information when you post comments, enter a contest, order products, subscribe to a newsletter and/or visit certain areas of our site. If you choose not to register you may not have access to areas that require personal identification.

**General**  
If you register with our site or purchase products from us, from time to time we may e-mail you with messages about our services or third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you, such as new products, features, services, special offers and updated information. The newsletters may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the newsletters, including whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. We will combine that information with other information we have about you and may use that information to improve your site experience and/or provide customized e-mail communications to you. In addition, if you register with our site or purchase products you may automatically receive e-mails confirming your registration and/or purchase and providing you with necessary information relating to the access or use of your registration and/or purchase. With the exception of the e-mails described in the preceding sentence which are necessary to provide customer support and deliver products and services to you, you may opt-out of receiving e-mail from us as described below.

**Use of Information**  
When you register, we ask for your e-mail address, a unique nickname selected by you and other information. Once you are a registered user you can update your profile and may be able to provide additional preferential information. For contests, we collect information from users in order to register them for the contest and to provide for payment. We may use an order form for users to request information, products and services. For that order form, we collect a user's contact information (e-mail address) and necessary financial information to process the order (i.e. credit card number). Contact information from the order (including e-mail) may be used to deliver digital products and information. We may use third parties to accept and process orders and credit card purchases for merchandise and products, including software. In order to purchase products or services from us, we require that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at this site include: name, address, e-mail address, mobile phone number and MSISDN (mobile station integrated services digital network number), credit card and billing information, download history, customer generated content and/or information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. We may use such personally identifiable information to provide the information or content you have requested (e.g., fulfill your orders for our ringtones, data and news), to contact you about programs, products, features or services in which we believe you may be interested (such as future promotional materials), or for other purposes disclosed from time to time. We also may use your personally identifiable information to contact you regarding your use of our Web Site or changes to our privacy notice, Terms of Service, or other policies or terms that affect you and your use of our Web Site. In addition, we may use information collected about our users to improve the content and navigation of our Web Site, or for other internal purposes. We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect from you with outside records (e.g., information we obtain from other companies, including wireless providers) to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you, and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. To fulfill your requests for products and services (e.g., provide you with content via your mobile phone), we may share the personally identifiable information you provide with your mobile phone service provider or their partner and subcontractor companies. Our privacy policy does not cover such entities use of information. To learn more about your provider's privacy practices, you should consult its privacy policy. From time to time, we may share personally identifiable information with unrelated third parties to enable them to provide you with opportunities to learn of products or services in which you may be interested. We may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry in that contest or promotion, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s) or with others, we will provide a statement to that effect in the contest or promotion terms. All communication on the Internet takes place between pairs of IP Addresses. Our Web servers will log the IP address that any connection is made from. We may use these IP addresses to help diagnose technical problems or prevent abuse of our systems or other site users. Your IP address may also be used to gather aggregate demographic data and target advertisements accordingly.

**Information Sharing**  
We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, aside from entities that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders or processing payment, that either are bound to comply with our privacy policy or have privacy policies that protect your information unless you have opted-in to such sharing. If you have previously opted-in to such sharing under a prior privacy policy version, you are still considered to have opted-in under this privacy policy. As stated, and whether or not you have opted-in, we may use third parties to accept and process orders for merchandise and products, including software, and such third parties may get access to your personal information for the purposes of providing services or products to you on our behalf. In addition, if you opt-out, we may share that information with third parties who send e-mails on our behalf so that they do not e-mail you. 

All Videos Copyright To Their Respective Owners. All Rights Reserved.

_LEPAK.TV Copyright 2008_
