> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the b105.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131219204704id_/http%3A//www.b105.com.au/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to the collection and use of personal information ("PI") by or on behalf of Southern Cross Austereo Pty Ltd (ACN 109 243 110) together with its Related Bodies Corporate (referred to in this policy as "Southern Cross Austereo", "we" or "us").

Southern Cross Austereo operates a number of commercial radio and television stations and other media platforms throughout Australia.

We are committed to the protection of your PI and meeting the standards set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) ("the Act") and the Australian Privacy Principles ("APPs").

**1\. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION**

**1.1 What kinds of Personal Information we collect and hold**

We may collect various types of PI including but not limited to your name, address, email, phone number, age, payment details, gender, interests or other information relevant to promotions or activities.

**1.2 Why We Collect Personal Information**

Generally we collect your PI to provide you with products and services and to administer our relationship with you. We also collect PI for marketing purposes and to provide you with information about events, products and services (both our own and those of other companies) that may be of interest to you, to improve the services we provide and to run various competitions.

**1.3 How We Collect Personal Information**

We primarily collect PI directly from you when you interact with us, for example when:

(a) you submit an entry into a competition or trade promotion;

(b) you participate in listener loyalty programs;

(c) you send us an email or post an entry on any of our websites (including social media assets and platforms);

(d) you purchase products from us by credit cards or otherwise;

(e) you call us;

(f) you attend an event or activity we organise, sponsor or are otherwise affiliated with.

We may also obtain details about you from marketing databases or other sources that are publicly available such as websites, journals, legal directories and phone books. We will only collect information about you from third parties in rare circumstances, for example where one of your friends indicates to us that one of our services or products may be of interest to you. If we do collect PI in this manner, we will endeavour to make you aware of who we are, the fact and manner of collection of this information and this Privacy Policy. We will ask the third party to tell you that they have provided us with your PI and direct you to a copy of this Privacy Policy.

We may also collect anonymous information through the use of cookies on our website. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer's hard disk. Most web-browsers are set to accept cookies but you can set your web-browser to refuse cookies. Cookies themselves do not identify users personally but they do allow the tracking of an individual's use of a website. Cookies have become commonplace. You can configure your web browser to reject or accept cookies. If you reject cookies you may not be able to interact with us online.

We will not collect any PI about you without your consent. By accessing our websites, registering on any of our websites, otherwise interacting with us and/or providing your PI to us, you will be deemed to have given your consent.

**1.4 Apple Apps**

On some occasions we may transfer and/or transmit data for the purposes of administering an Apple App. We will not collect, transfer or transmit any PI about you for the purposes of administering an Apple App, without your prior consent or permission. When seeking your consent or permission, we will provide you with access to information about how and where the data will be used.

We hereby acknowledge that:

(a) we will not target minors for data collection; and

(b) we will not require you to share personal information, such as email address and date of birth, for the purposes of administering the App.

**1.5 Trade Promotions (Contests, promotions, competitions, sweepstakes, lotteries, and raffles)**

On some occasions we may conduct a promotion or other activity which has its own specific privacy policy. In this case, notice of that policy will be provided at the time any PI is sought and that policy will apply to that promotion or activity and will override this policy to the extent of any inconsistency. In all other cases, the terms of this Privacy Policy prevail and by interacting with us, you agree to be bound by these terms.

For the avoidance of any doubt, all trade promotions will be governed by separate Terms and Conditions and may be subject to State Permit conditions. By entering a trade promotion you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. To administer a trade promotion, we may collect your personal information and, you agree to release Facebook, and or Apple, and its associated companies from all liability arising in respect of the trade promotion. We hereby acknowledge that:

(a) the Promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Apple and/or by Facebook; and

(b) any information provided by the User in connection with the Promotion is provided to the Promoter and not to Apple and/or to Facebook; and

(c) any questions, comments or complaints regarding the Promotion must be directed to the Promoter, not to Apple and/or to Facebook.

**2\. USE AND DISCLOSURE**

**2.1 Use**

By submitting your PI to us you consent to us using your PI in the following ways and for the following purposes:

(a) to provide you with our products or services;

(b) to administer our relationship with you;

(c) to facilitate the running of and your participation in trade promotions and other competitions;

(d) to facilitate the running of and your participation in listener loyalty programs;

(e) to monitor activity on our websites,;

(f) to compile listener databases and profiles to enable us to market goods and services more accurately;

(g) for internal administrative purposes, such as procedural assessments, risk management, staff training, accounting, billing, product and service reviews;

(h) to identify and inform you about other products or services that may be of interest to you;

(i) to market, improve and add to our products and services including our websites and our radio broadcasts;

(j) where there is a serious threat to an individual's life or to public health or safety;

(k) where there is reason to suspect unlawful activity has been engaged in;

(l) where required or authorised by law; or

(m) where required by an enforcement body.

If you do not wish to receive marketing or other communications from us, please contact us on the details below so that we can update your preferences.

If you provide us with your mobile telephone number, email address, IM address or other such personal information, you authorise us to send you promotional messages related to our products and services and the products and services that we promote. Such messages will be accompanied by a functional unsubscribe facility.

**2.2 Disclosure**

We may disclose PI across the Southern Cross Austereo group of companies and our related bodies corporate (in accordance with this Privacy Policy). We may also provide PI to:

(a) third parties engaged by us to provide functions on our behalf such as storing and managing databases, processing credit card information, mailouts, debt collection, marketing research and advertising; and

(b) third parties authorised by you to receive PI held by us.

These third parties do not have permission to use, sell or transfer PI in any way.

We may also disclose PI to unrelated third parties (for example, our professional advisers and government authorities or agencies) where that disclosure is reasonably required to obtain advice, prepare legal proceedings, investigate suspected improper conduct or wrong doing, to assist a lawful authority in the discharge of its duties and/or by law.

Where we hold promotions in conjunction with other companies, we will offer you the opportunity to be contacted by our promotions partner(s). We will not provide your PI to the promotions partner(s) unless you have opted in to having such PI passed on.

To better protect your privacy, we impose strict requirements of security and confidentiality on all third parties as to how they handle your PI. Notwithstanding this, we cannot be held responsible for any misuse or unauthorised disclosure of your PI by these third parties.

**3\. DATA QUALITY**

We take reasonable steps to ensure that the PI we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If your PI is incorrect or changes, please contact us on the details below so that we can update your PI and continue providing you with our services.

**4\. DATA SECURITY**

Your PI is stored in a number of secure computer storage facilities and paper based files, and in other records. We have taken precautions to ensure that your PI is protected from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.

Once we no longer need your PI, we take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify your PI.

**5\. OPENNESS**

If you have any questions whatsoever on our handling of your PI or the kind of PI we hold about you please contact us on the details below and we will endeavour to assist you with your request.

**6\. ACCESS AND CORRECTION**

You generally have the right to access your personal information and we will provide you with a copy of any personal information we hold on request. The APPs set out some circumstances in which we are not required to provide you with such access. If you ask for your PI and any of these circumstances apply, we may, if reasonable, give you access to the PI in a way that meets our needs and yours, or give you access through a mutually agreed intermediary.

We may charge a fee for retrieving PI, in which case we will inform you of the fee (which will not be excessive) in advance of providing the information.

**7\. IDENTIFIERS**

As required by the APPs, we do not collect or use Commonwealth government identifiers when interacting with you.

**8\. ANONYMITY**

Where practical, you may deal with us on an anonymous basis or by using a pseudonym. In some instances, because of the services we provide, if you do not provide us with your PI we may not be able to provide you with the requested product or service (for example, if we require your details in connection with a competition we are running, we cannot provide you with a prize should you be a prize winner and we cannot contact you).

**9\. OVERSEAS TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION**

Southern Cross Austereo is not likely to disclose your PI to overseas recipients. In any case, we will not send your PI outside of Australia unless we obtain agreement from the recipient to protect your information in accordance with Australian privacy laws and to abide by the terms of this policy.

**10\. SENSITIVE INFORMATION**

Sensitive information includes information about your race or ethnic origins, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or details of health, disability or sexual activity or orientation. We rarely ask for sensitive information, but may do so occasionally, for example, as part of a competition, promotion or survey if it is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to one or more of our functions or activities. We will not require you to provide sensitive information unless:

(a) you have consented to providing such information (such consent will be deemed when you submit such information to us); or

(b) the collection of the information is specifically authorised or required by law.

**11\. COMPLAINTS**

If you have a complaint in relation to the collection and handling of your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer via the details provided below. We will review all complaints received and the Privacy Officer will respond to the complainant.

**12\. CONTACT US**

If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy, please contact Southern Cross Austereo's, Privacy Officer by email to [privacy@austereo.com.au](mailto:privacy@austereo.com.au).
