> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vipbicycles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230234533id_/http%3A//www.dartmouth.edu/home/about_site/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About This Site | Privacy | Dartmouth

Dartmouth College respects your privacy. Any information you provide on this website in the form of email, feedback forms, survey answers, or personal data will be used only by Dartmouth College. The information you provide will never be sold or traded to other colleges, universities, nonprofit organizations, or businesses. The following sections describe our information gathering and sharing practices for the Dartmouth College website and its associated sites.

### Information We Gather

#### Web Server Logs

Information about your use of this website is monitored by the web server and recorded in log files. We use the log files to produce usage statistics that inform our web development efforts, and also to monitor server performance. The data we collect includes your IP address. Dartmouth College will not associate your IP address and web usage data with other data held by Dartmouth College unless required to do so by law (See Information We Share, below).

#### Cookies

We may store small amounts of information on your computer through the use of cookies. Our website does not require that you grant us the right to store cookies on your computer. If you do not wish to grant us this right, consult the documentation provided with your web browser to turn off the appropriate “accept cookies” feature in your browser. The settings on cookies contained in your browser constitute a grant of permission (or lack thereof) for us to store information on your computer. We follow all industry standards in constructing and storing cookies within your browser. Thus it is your browser vendor's responsibility to provide for secure and appropriate cookie storage mechanisms.

#### Google Analytics

Some sections of this website use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Information We Share

Dartmouth College will share personally identifiable information about you when one or more of the following conditions apply:

  * We have your consent to share the information
  * In response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes



### Contacting Dartmouth College 

If you have any questions about privacy, please contact:

[Office of the General Counsel](http://www.dartmouth.edu/~legal/)  
Dartmouth College  
63 South Main Street, Suite 301  
Hanover, New Hampshire 03755  
Telephone: (603) 646-2444  
Fax: (603) 646-2447  
[Office.of.General.Counsel@Dartmouth.edu](mailto:Office.of.General.Counsel@Dartmouth.EDU)

### Related links

  * [Safe Computing at Dartmouth](http://www.dartmouth.edu/comp/security/safe-computing/index.html)
  * [Dartmouth's Information Technology policy](http://www.dartmouth.edu/comp/about/policies/general/itpolicy/)


