> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hireable.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190507202600id_/http%3A//hireable.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hireable | Privacy Policy

### Updated May 2016

Hireable.com (“Hireable”) takes your privacy very seriously and has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its use of consumer data collected about you. You may contact Hireable at 1340 Reynolds Ave. #116-181 Irvine, CA 92614 or via our contact form. 

By using the Hireable website, or submitting information to us by other means, you are subjecting your information to the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy covers Hireable’s treatment of personal information that we collect when you are on Hireable’s website and when you use Hireable’s services. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Hireable does not own or control, including websites that we may link to, or to individuals that Hireable does not employ or manage. 

Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, Hireable may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Hireable will post its updated Privacy Policy on our website located at www.Hireable.com. Hireable encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to Hireable will be subject to the then current Privacy Policy. 

Hireable may collect or receive information about you when you register or submit information, including, but not limited to, username, password, first and last name, email address, street address, gender, occupation, interests, resume and contents thereof, job search history, and any other data included in a submitted profile, resume, or search. Hireable also collects information on the pages you access and other information you may volunteer, such as survey information, ratings, reviews, questions, and answers. Hireable may also record actions taken on our site including, but not limited to, clicks, page views, IP address, and search queries. Hireable may store this information in its equipment or the equipment of third party technology providers. 

Hireable, or companies we partner with, may contact you based on your interests with job postings and career development opportunities. Hireable site may require you to provide Hireable with contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information. Hireable may use your contact information to (a) send you job alerts; (b) create an account; or (c) send you information about Hireable and promotional material from some of Hireable’s partners. Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary. Hireable may use demographic and/or profile data, including but not limited to search history, to tailor your experience on Hireable’s site, show you content that Hireable thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. 

To the extent you upload a resume, Hireable may make the resume and other personal information contained therein available to third parties, including but not limited to employers and search engines. This means that the personal information contained in your resume can be viewed by third parties and you may receive unsolicited contact from third parties unaffiliated with Hireable. Hireable will make reasonable effort to safeguard the use of your personal information by third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Hireable reserves the right to disclose any information as required by law. 

We may use other companies as necessary to perform services necessary to our operations. In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Every effort will be made to safeguard your privacy when it may be accessed by other companies, including but not limited to technology providers; however, Hireable will not be liable for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies. 

Hireable may use your IP address to administer our site. Your IP address may also be used to help identify you, your location, and to gather broad demographic information. Nothing shall restrict Hireable from maintaining your data following your termination of your use of Hireable’s site. Hireable may delete your user data at Hireable’s sole discretion. 

Hireable respects your email preferences and will never provide your email address to a third party without your permission, except as may be prescribed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. If you provide us your email address, Hireable may email you job alerts, account notifications, news, offers, surveys, promotions, and other communications. If you do not want to receive particular types of email messages from Hireable, follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the email message to notify us of our preferences, or click [here](https://web.archive.org/user-panel/alerts). 

Hireable’s site is not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. Hireable is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities. Hireable does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor does Hireable target its services or site to children under the age of 13. We recommend that minors between the ages of 13 and 17 ask and receive permission from their parent or guardian prior to using Hireable or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet. 

Hireable uses automated processes and third party aggregators to collect and present information that has been created by third parties, so we cannot verify the accuracy or legitimacy of all job postings displayed on our site. We strongly encourage you to exercise caution when providing information about yourself to others online, including when you apply for jobs found on Hireable. 

Never provide your social security number, credit card information, bank account details, or unnecessary personal information to a potential employer. Never participate in a financial transaction of any sort with a potential employer. Always be cautious of opportunities that sound too good to be true or require you to act as a financial intermediary, particularly for an overseas person. 

"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Hireable may use cookies to keep track of your session and advertising delivery. Hireable or our partners may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save a password associated with a user profile. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site. These companies may use third-party cookies to record information (excluding your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites and directly in emails/communications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on others websites. Our partners may also link the nonpersonal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, hashed version of your email address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information. You can learn more [here](http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/). You can opt-out of this type of advertising [here](http://www.aboutads.info/). 

The Hireable site may provide links to external websites. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Hireable of those external websites. You acknowledge that Hireable is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Hireable is not responsible for the content of such external websites. Your use of external websites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the external websites. 

If there is a change of control in Hireable’s business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise) or if there is an asset sale, the user information, including personal information, could be sold as part of that transaction and your personally identifying information potentially could be used by the purchaser. However, if that business materially changes this statement or the information handling practices as described in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by email and/or through a notice posted on the site, and you may opt-out of the use of your existing information in a new manner. This Privacy Policy inures to the benefit of any successors or assigns of Hireable or the assets of Hireable. 

If you decide to use Hireable’s site or services, your use and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy. 

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you can [contact](https://web.archive.org/contact) us. 

Hireable 1340 Reynolds Ave. #116-181 Irvine, CA 92614 mail@hireable.com 
