> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hireright.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060630075119id_/http%3A//hireright.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HireRight :: About Us :: Privacy Policy

Privacy Statement    
As a Consumer Reporting Agency governed by the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act among other applicable state and federal laws, HireRight is committed to protecting your privacy. 

This Privacy Policy covers HireRight's web site, and HireRight's practices for handling personal information provided to HireRight by our employer-clients and their job applicants and employees. All personal information collected, stored and used by HireRight shall be done so in compliance with applicable law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act. 

**Information Collection**  
When you browse HireRight's publicly-accessible web site, you do so anonymously, and HireRight only collects personally identifiable information from you if you chose to provide this information to us. When we do need your personal information to provide information or services that you request, or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information. 

The types of personal information we may collect about you through our publicly-accessible web site include contact and identifying information (e.g., name, address, e-mail address, phone and fax numbers, employer(s), job title), information about your interest in HireRight products or services, information about your interest in newsletters, conferences or other services that we provide, information provided in connection with the registration of your organization for certain products or services, your information in response to online surveys, your resume information and employment application information in response to HireRight job openings, and any other personal information that you may provide to us in an online form or through an e-mail. 

HireRight provides a wide variety of background screening services and solutions to its business clients that facilitate the hiring and internal mobility of their job applicants and current employees. Access to certain HireRight web pages and online services, by both HireRight's clients and their employees or job applicants, require a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information downloadable to and from those sites, are governed by a written agreement between HireRight and its clients. If you are an employee or prospective employee of a HireRight client, please be aware that by authorizing HireRight's client to order a background screening investigation and report from HireRight, and by providing your personal information to HireRight (whether indirectly through HireRight's client, or directly through your client-initiated, password-protected access to this web site), you are consenting to allow HireRight to disclose your personal information to our client and to share this information with HireRight's subcontractors in accordance with this Privacy Policy for purposes of enabling HireRight to prepare a background screening report on you. Your personal information that may be collected in connection with performing a background screening investigation and report may include, for example, your work history, educational history, criminal history, driver's license number, social security number, date of birth, and other information, depending on the particular client and application at issue. 

If you are a HireRight client-user that uses HireRight.com to open an employment screening account and/or order background screening reports, we request from the client the information on our account application form, including contact information and financial information (such as credit card number or billing information). This information is used for internal purposes only for account establishment, billing, fulfillment of orders and customer service. 

In some instances, HireRight also may collect non-personal (e.g., aggregate or demographic) data through cookies. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of the HireRight.com web site, and is further described below under "Cookies and Tracking Technology". 

**How We Use Information Collected**  
When personal information is collected on HireRight's publicly-accessible web site, HireRight will inform you at the point of collection of the purpose for the collection. HireRight will only use your personal information in the way we specified when it was collected. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third-parties. 

HireRight may use personal information to set-up and maintain your account (if you have one), to meet contractual obligations including the fulfillment of its clients' requests for certain products and services, to answer your questions and inquiries, to personalize and enhance your experience on our web site, to administer our systems, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you'd like to hear about either from us or from our business partners, internally for marketing and administration purposes, to conduct surveys in which you elect to participate, to support HireRight's own recruitment activities in response to your inquiries into HireRight's job postings, to provide newsletters and other requested information, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. We may also use your information to send you direct marketing information. 

When you submit your personal information to HireRight (whether indirectly through HireRight's client, or directly through your client-initiated, password-protected access to this web site) for purposes of facilitating a background screening investigation and report, HireRight requires that its client have certified to HireRight that it has a legally permissible purpose for ordering the background screen and that it has obtained your informed consent to conduct such background screen in accordance with applicable law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act. 

HireRight also may collect and possibly share personal information and any other additional information available to us in order to in good faith (i) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of HireRight's terms of use, (ii) respond to or defend against subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, (iii) establish or exercise our legal rights, or (iv) otherwise comply with applicable law. 

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
Your personal information is never shared outside HireRight without your permission, except as described in this Privacy Policy. 

HireRight may disclose personal information as necessary or appropriate in connection with any of the purposes for which we use personal information as described above in "How We Use Your Personal Information". If you are an employee or job applicant submitting information to HireRight at the request of your employer or prospective employer, this includes sharing your personal information with your employer or prospective employer, or an authorized third-party agent or subcontractor (e.g., service providers that help host or support the web site or otherwise provide technical assistance, court research and other service vendors, and integrated business partners) in order to help us provide the product or service your employer or prospective employer has requested. When we transfer personal information to these types of third parties, they will only receive the personal information they need in order to deliver the requested product or service, they will be prohibited from using that information for any other purpose, and they will be required to maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality and security of that information. 

HireRight also reserves the right to disclose personal information in the event HireRight sells its business or mergers with another company. In such event, we will seek to notify users of the ownership change by way of a prominent notice posted on our web site. 

**Cookies and Tracking Technology**  
HireRight's web site may use the standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how you use the web site. 

A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your hard drive and used for record-keeping purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as the URL you came from, your computer's IP address (i.e., the Internet address of your computer) and domain type (e.g., .com or .org, etc.), your browser type, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, the pages of our site that were viewed during a visit, and any search terms that you entered on our site. This information is used for internal purposes only, and we do not link your URL or IP address to any personal information unless you have logged into our web site with an account login and password. 

If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies, although it is possible that some areas of our web site will not function properly if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on HireRight's web site. 

**Security**  
HireRight is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. We utilize a combination of online and offline security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. 

When we request or transfer over the Internet sensitive personal data (for example, credit card information, Social Security Numbers and other resume and employment application information), and when you place orders or review results or access your account information, we protect it using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We also have installed layered firewalls, intrusion detection systems, sophisticated monitoring software and other security technologies to help prevent unauthorized access to our systems. 

For your privacy and security, we have built our technology systems so that no party can access client or applicant information without an appropriate login and password. In addition, the servers on which we store personal information are kept in a state-of-the-art facility that is guarded 24/7. We employ ISO 17799 information security guidelines, certified in-house data security professionals, and external security consultants and scans to audit and enhance our systems. 

Our emphasis on privacy and security is equally reflected in the way we work. All employees of HireRight receive a thorough background check and drug screen, and security training is part of every new employee orientation. We maintain paper shredders in all production areas, and we require that all sensitive data be shredded before disposal. Additionally, we have invested in card controlled facility security, with video surveillance that actively monitors and controls the entrance and exit of all persons to our premises. 

**Links**  
HireRight's web site may provide links to other third-party web sites. We do not share your personal information with those web sites, except in the event and only to the extent, if any, that HireRight's client requests that those sites be integrated with HireRight's site for purposes of facilitating HireRight's background screening of their employees or job applicants. Although we choose our business partners carefully, please be aware that those third-party web sites are outside of our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. 

**Your Ability to Review or Modify Personal Information, or Unsubscribe.**  
HireRight strives to protect the quality and integrity of your personal information. If you are a HireRight client with a registered user account, you may review [and update] your account information by logging into your account. If you have provided your personal information (such as zip code, phone, e-mail or postal address) to HireRight while browsing HireRight's publicly-accessible web site and wish to update such personal information (if any) that we maintain about you, please e-mail us at [customerservice@hireright.com](mailto:customerservice@hireright.com). Also, if you wish to unsubscribe from any of our newsletters or other communications, you may e-mail us at [feedback@hireright.com](mailto:feedback@hireright.com). If you are an employee or job applicant of a HireRight client and have submitted personal information to HireRight at the request of your employer or prospective employer, then you can review your file in accordance with your file disclosure rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and California Civil Code Section 1786.22 by contacting HireRight's Customer Service Department at customerservice@hireright.com. You can review a summary of your consumer rights (including file disclosure rights) under the Fair Credit Reporting Act by accessing <http://www.ftc.gov/os/2004/11/041119factaappf.pdf>. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
HireRight may revise this policy from time to time. If we decide to materially change this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy at this location. If at any point we decide to make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site and we will seek to notify users by way of an e-mail, and provide users with a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. 

If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at 

HireRight, Inc.  
2100 Main Street, #400,  
Irvine, CA 92614  
Attn: Privacy Officer

Effective Date: January 1, 2006
