> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lux4u2.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105110902id_/http%3A//www.lux4u2.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Lux4u2 is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously, and have instituted policies and procedures to insure that none of your privacy rights as stated herein are ever violated. The following outlines Lux4u2's privacy policy and details the measures we have taken to safeguard and protect your privacy, while providing you with a unique and rewarding online shopping experience. By visiting Lux4u2, you are agreeing to the policies detailed below. 

 **What information does Lux4u2 collect?  **  
In order to serve you better, Lux4u2 collects and stores your personal information when you: (i) create an account on Lux4u2; (ii) sign up to be notified of special deals like discounts and exclusive offers; or (iii) enter a contest or promotion on our site. An account is created when you do one of following things: make a purchase on Lux4u2 or register for an account on Lux4u2. When creating an account, we ask you for your first and last name, your e-mail address, a password, and perhaps some other similar information. If you are making a purchase, we will additionally ask you for your billing address and/or shipping address.  
Our system also may gather information about the areas you visit on our site as well as the IP address you use to connect to our site. We may use this data internally only for 2 reasons: 1) to personalize your experience on Lux4u2.com and the marketing materials you receive from Lux4u2 or its partners and 2) to prevent fraud on your account. We would not share any of this data on an individual basis (we may share it in an aggregate form without personal identifiers) with any outside company other than perhaps consultants or service providers of Lux4u2 who were assisting Lux4u2 in serving you better. Of course, to the extent that we would ever share any of that information with a consultant or service provider, we would only do so if that party agreed to protect your private information by adopting a privacy policy at least as stringent as our own. We do use navigational information both in the aggregate and on an individual basis to understand how our visitors use Lux4u2 so that we can make our site better. We do not keep track of where you go on the World Wide Web. 

 **what does Lux4u2 do with this personal information?**  
Your information is used to process your orders and personalize your shopping experience on Lux4u2, for internal purposes and to comply with any legal requirements. By storing your personal information on a secure server, Lux4u2 is able to shorten your checkout process and allow you to check your order status online.   
At Lux4u2, we also review what kinds of products appeal most to our customers as a group. This statistical information helps us improve our offering in the same way that other companies change their catalog based on what sells best. We may also use information about the kinds of products you buy from Lux4u2 to make other marketing offers to you. Of course, you always have the option to opt-out from receiving such offers. 

 **does Lux4u2 share any information it collects with outside parties?**  
We may use your purchase information about the products you buy from Lux4u2 to make other marketing offers to you. Of course, you always have the option to opt-out from receiving such offers (for instructions on how to opt-out, please see below). We may share this information with consultants or service providers to help Lux4u2 serve you better. Of course, to the extent that we would ever share any of that information with a consultant or service provider, we would only do so if that party agreed to protect your private information by adopting a privacy policy at least as stringent as our own. 

 **how does Lux4u2 safeguard my personal information?**  
Lux4u2 has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information supplied by you is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and securely stored in Lux4u2's database. 

 **does Lux4u2 provide a way to update or remove personal information?**  
Lux4u2 provides a my account feature on our website which allows you to modify and/or remove most of your personal information. This page can be accessed by clicking the my account link at the bottom of every page on the site. Rest assured that all of your information within my account is secure and accessible only by you or limited Lux4u2 personnel. 

 **how does Lux4u2 use my e-mail address?**  
Your e-mail address is used to create and identify your account on Lux4u2. Your e-mail address is also used by Lux4u2 to correspond with you about any orders that you may place or to notify you with the results of any contests you may have entered. We may also use your e-mail address to notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new Lux4u2 services and special offers and promotions we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of receiving e-mail of this kind, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions to have your email address removed from the list of customers who receive notices of new functionality, services, special offers and promotions.   
Alternately, if you have created an account with Lux4u2, you can also remove your email address from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions by clicking on the "my account" button that appears on most every page of our Web site, logging into your account, clicking on the "edit preferences" button, and making the appropriate change. 

 **does Lux4u2 use "cookies"?**  A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web site that is saved on your hard disk by your computer's browser. The cookie holds information a site may need to personalize your experience and to gather web site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, the internet provider's domain name and country that our visitors come from (e.g. "aol.com" or "msn.com") and the addresses of the sites visited immediately before coming to and immediately after leaving Lux4u2.com. However, none of this information is associated with you as an individual. It is measured anonymously and only in the aggregate. The information in the cookies lets us trace your "clickstream" activity (i.e., the paths take by visitors to our site as they move from page to page). Cookies do not capture your individual email address or any private information about you.   
Lux4u2 may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our web site as well as third party compaies to provide tracking and analysis of information and data collected from visitors to our web site. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous and Lux4u2 reserves the right to provide that information and data to these third parties.  
To browse without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on Lux4u2. 

 **how can you remove your name from our direct mail or email list?**  
To have your email address removed from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions. Alternately, if you have created an account with Lux4u2, you can also remove your email address from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions by clicking on the "my account" button that appears on most every page of our Web site, logging into your account, clicking on the "edit preferences" button, and making the appropriate change. 

 **your consent**  
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the terms of service and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to Lux4u2's privacy policy. Lux4u2 reserves the right to change the terms of service, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. tell us what you think If you have any comments or questions about Lux4u2's privacy statement, please e-mail us at info@lux4u2.com
