> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the luxo.estate privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104133203id_/http%3A//luxo.estate/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy PolicyLUXO

Luxo.estate (the Site) is owned and operated by LUXO  (“Site”). We respect the privacy of each user of the Site (referred to as “you” or “a user”), by registering for or using this Site you accept this privacy statement. You cannot use this Site if you do not agree to this privacy statement.  We reserve the right to modify this statement at any time.

The Site may contain links to third party websites, you will go to a third-party site if you clicked on those links where you will be subject to that site’s Privacy Statement. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other websites and we expressly disclaim liability for their actions.

Personal Information is information collected online by this Site that identifies the person to whom such information pertains, including without limitation, name address, telephone number, and e-mail address. Your Personal Information is collected on the Site in order to improve the services we offer you. Personal Information is only collected if you voluntarily submit it in order to obtain certain services or information, including registrations for special communications, or saving a search, requests to  send you new listings that fit the profile of your saved search, requests to find a property, request to evaluate your property, requests to contact us; requests to receive our newsletter . We may also use the Personal Information to inform you about other services and products that may be available through us. We also collect information about how you use our site (“Non-Personal Information”). This information cannot be used to identify you personally. Non-Personal Information such as IP (internet protocol) addresses, browser types, the name of your ISP (internet service provider), information about where a user comes from before arriving at our Site, what pages they visit,  A vendor may performs his service for us by sending a cookie to gather this information, compile it, and report to us. we collect non personal information for the purpose of better understanding our Site users to be able to enhance our services, conduct research, and to customise our advertising and the content that you see. We may send you cookies if you refuse cookies, some parts of the Site will not function properly and may not provide services or information you have requested. For example, without cookies, we will not be able to provide you with searches that you have asked us to save. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and use of this Site at your own risk.
