> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the luxuriabrands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130604061909id_/http%3A//www.luxuriabrands.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Luxuria Brands

Privacy Policy

Luxuria Brands respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at Luxuria Brands’ Web site. Luxuria Brands collects information through our Web site at several points. We collect the following information about primary visitors: Name, Company Name, Email, Phone Number and Fax Number, Demographics. We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: IP address. We collect demographic data in order to better target our marketing efforts. We collect this information through site forms, and clickstream tracking. The information is collected voluntarily. We do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Luxuria Brands to track usage. Our cookies do not have an expiration date. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information. The information collected by Luxuria Brands will be used solely for internal lead purposes. Users who provide information will receive information about our service offerings. The information we collect will be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We will not supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources. We offer links to other Web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours. If problems arise, users may contact Luxuria Brands by email, phone, mail, or fax. We are committed to resolving disputes within ten (10) business days.
