> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bookatable.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100412173326id_/http%3A//www.bookatable.com/PrivacyPolicy/en-GB%3Fcountry%3Duk) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Online Restaurant Booking - Quick & Free

Personal Information: any personal information you enter may be used for purposes such as providing Bookatable.com’s products and services with essential information for them to function correctly, customising the content, answering customer service requests, research, billing, communicating with you about marketing efforts, support and maintenance issues and new services.

Information collection: Bookatable.com may choose to automatically record information on our server logs, including your IP address, browser type and version, and the page you requested. We may also automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its different areas and components. If your browser accepts cookies, Bookatable.com may automatically collect information regarding your visits to Bookatable.com to provide you with a more personalised experience.

Bookatable.com generally only uses this data in aggregate form as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how visitors, collectively, use our site. We neither rent nor sell your individually identifiable personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only with your consent or in the following cases; (a) Business Partners. We may employ or work with other companies and people and therefore we may need to share your information with them to provide products and services to you. (b) Business Transfers. If Bookatable.com, or its assets are acquired by another company, member information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. (c) Protection. We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with any law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Bookatable.com, our employees, our members, or others.
