> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bookbub.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BookBub

BookBub ("Company," "we," or "us") provides access to information through our website accessible at the URL http://www.bookbub.com (the "Site") and we may provide the ability to use certain functionalities of the Site or provide services of various kinds (the "Services"). This privacy policy describes our information collection practices, as well as circumstances under which we disclose information collected from you. Our commitment to you is that we will not use or disclose information collected from you other than as described in this policy.

In order to access and use the Site and Services, you must agree to our [Online Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/terms.php) (the "Terms and Conditions") posted on the Site. Persons and organizations that have provided us their email address are considered "Registered Users." You may view portions of the Site even if you are not a Registered User of the Service. This privacy policy applies to Company's collection, use and disclosure of personal information from Registered Users of the Site, as well as from persons who merely visit the Site, and this policy forms an integral part of the [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/terms.php). Company has adopted and implemented this privacy policy as part of our commitment to protecting your personal information from misuse.

**WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**

Company collects personally identifiable information as required to offer Services, as listed in the [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/terms.php), as voluntarily provided by you in the course of correspondence or registration, and as otherwise identified below. In addition, we collect certain information which cannot be used to personally identify any user, such as anonymous, aggregate or statistical data.

In order to use some Services, you may be required to complete the applicable registration forms accessible on the Site. All persons who register are referred to as "Registered Users." Some Services may not require registration. Company collects and maintains a record of all data provided through such registration forms. For example, individual users who desire to subscribe to the Service must provide certain contact information.

We may track your use of the service to collect and maintain records of individual transactions conducted through the Services by Registered Users, and those records may be associated with each Registered User’s individual account profile within the Company system.

We also collect and maintain records of information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, we may ask you to participate in a survey, and may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as age, gender or other demographic data. However, unless such information is necessary for the Service or required by the [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/terms.php), we do not require you to provide such information to us. By providing such information voluntarily, you give Company permission to use such information as described in this policy.

We collect additional information through the Site and the Service that is not associated with any online account or registration information, and that cannot be used to personally identify you (all such information is "Non-personal Data," in contrast to collected information described above, which is, "Personal Information"). Non-Personal Data ordinarily includes aggregate, summary, or other anonymous data, and may include, by way of example, statistics regarding popularity of particular pages within the Site, or information regarding types of Internet browsers used by Registered Users. We also collect Non-personal Data about each Registered User's IP address and browser to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site.

"Cookies" are small files placed on a user’s computer by a Web site in order to facilitate use of that Web site. For example, a cookie may contain information about a user’s preferences, so that the Web site automatically complies with those preferences whenever the user visits that Web site. When using the Service, we may create "cookies" on your computer for purposes of facilitating and maintaining your current user session, and may collect Personal Information using those cookies in order to enable Company to identify you in connection with the Service and to track use of the Service for purposes consistent with this policy.

The Site is not directed to children and children are not eligible to use our Services. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. We do not collect or maintain Personal Information from people we actually know are under 18, and no part of our Site or Service is designed to attract people under 18. If we later learn that a user is under 18, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information from our databases and to prevent the user from utilizing the Site and the Service.

**USE AND DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION**

Company uses information collected from the Site and Service in several ways, as outlined in this policy. For example, we use Personal Information as needed to provide Services and to communicate with Registered Users. We also use both Personal Information and Non-Personal Data when evaluating ways to improve the Site and the Service. As further described below, in limited circumstances we may disclose collected information in connection with providing Services or as required by law. We will not use or disclose collected information in ways different from what is described in this policy unless otherwise required by law.

We also use information collected through the Site and the Service to communicate with Registered Users from whom such information was collected in order to provide promotional materials about us and/or about our business partners and affiliates. However, unlike communications which are necessary to provide Services ("Necessary Communications"), promotional communications are optional ("Optional Communications"), and Company will refrain from sending that kind of information to you if you inform us that you prefer not to receive them, as described in more detail below.

Company uses Non-Personal Data in a variety of ways, including, by way of example, to evaluate the performance of the Site and the general preferences of users, or to generate anonymous statistics for our benefit or for our business partners. Because Non-Personal Data is entirely anonymous, and therefore can never be used by us to identify you, this policy does not limit our ability to use or disclose Non-Personal Data.

If we collect information through the Site and/or the Service that you provide to us voluntarily through online forms or surveys, through e-mail communications or by other means, we will treat that information as described above, as applied to both Personal Information and Non-Personal Data.

As a necessary part of providing Services, we may disclose information collected from you as described in this policy. For example, we may need to disclose certain Personal Information about you to our third-party service providers, so long as they are only using the Personal Information to provide services to us.

Under certain limited circumstances, we may be subject to legal requirements to disclose information collected through the Site or Services, such as, by way of example, to a court or a governmental agency, and our policy is to comply fully with all such legal requirements. The disclosures contemplated by this paragraph ("Necessary Disclosures") are necessary if you wish to use the Service. As mentioned above, Company may use and disclose Non-Personal Data without restriction. If you do not want us to make such Necessary Disclosures, or to use Non-Personal Data without restriction, you must not use the Service.

We may use remarketing to advertise online to users who have accessed our Site. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet, and use cookies to serve ads based someone's past visits to our website. Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the [Ad Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).

**CHOICE, OPTING-IN AND OPTING-OUT REGARDING OPTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS AND OPTIONAL DISCLOSURES**

We let you control what types of information you receive from us. If you are a Registered User, you can access such email subscription preferences by clicking on the link at the bottom of any of your emails. Once there, you can modify your registration information and other information voluntarily provided by you (your "Registration Profile") that may determine what communication you receive from us.

We do not maintain responsibility for the manner in which third parties use or further disclose Personal Information collected from you through the Site or Services, after we have disclosed that information to those third parties. However, we do require our third-party service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us. If you do not want Company to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manners identified in this policy as Necessary Communications and/or Necessary Disclosures, you may not use the Site or any Service. If you are merely a visitor to the Site but are not registered as a Registered User of any Service, please note that Company does not collect any Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide the same, so you do not need to opt-out regarding any such communications or disclosures.

The Site contains links to other Web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by us through the Site.

**ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU**

Registered Users may access their Registration Profiles at any time to update Personal Information contained within that Registration Profile. Subsequent uses or disclosures of information by us will reflect those changes. Certain information is necessary in order for Company to provide the Service; therefore, if you delete such necessary information you will not be able to use the Service.

The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of Personal Information in Company's possession and control. However, please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information in our possession and control, no security system can prevent against all potential security breaches, and we bear no liability for uses or disclosures of Personal Information or Non-Personal Data arising in connection with the theft thereof.

If you have any questions about our security measures, you can [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/contact.php).

**CHANGES TO THIS POLICY**

If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the Site so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we will disclose it. Any such posted changes will be effective upon the date indicated by the posting. We may from time to time desire to use Personal Information in ways that are materially different from the policies contemplated herein ("New Uses"). In all such cases, we will contact Registered Users by sending notice to any of the points of contact listed in their Registration Profiles, and offering the opportunity to opt-out of such New Uses. By agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and/or using the Service, each Registered User agrees that he or she will promptly notify us within 14 days of his or her preference to opt-out of such New Uses in response to our notice, or else we will be considered to have permission from the Registered User for such New Uses. In any event, your continued access to and/or use of the Site or Service constitutes your assent to, and acceptance of, this policy, including all posted changes and any New Uses for which we have provided notice.

**CONTACTING COMPANY**

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521074553id_/http%3A//www.bookbub.com/home/contact.php).
