> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bookassist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150206160818id_/http%3A//www.bookassist.com/global/security.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bookassist Security & Privacy

## VeriSign Security Certificate

Bookassist is verified as a service provider through the VeriSign Certification Authority. Follow this link to learn more:

## Credit Card Security

The credit card details page of Bookassist is protected by powerful Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. SSL encrypts your name, credit card number and expiry date before they travel over the Internet. This makes doing business over the Internet as secure as purchasing by telephone. This ensures that your credit card details will remain completely confidential while in transit. SSL safe connection and secure transaction technology has effectively protected hundreds of thousands of Bookassist customers who have transmitted their credit card numbers online and made a purchase since bookassist launched its online services in 1999.

Additionally, credit card usage is verified _directly_ through a live secure connection with the banking system at time of debiting. This ensures that known stolen cards cannot be used and fraudulent transactions are minimised for consumer and hotel benefit.

## Privacy Statement

This privacy statement refers to the websites and systems of Automatic Netware Ltd trading as Bookassist, its branches and its subsidiary companies.

We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.

_Why do we collect information?_

  * Collecting information provides specific benefits to you, our website visitor
  * Information is collected in order to facilitate the reservation process between you the customer and the accommodation provider, to faciliate the purchase of e-vouchers, to offer additional services to you where you consent to such offers and/or to help us improve this process for your future use.



_For what purpose(s) do we collect information?_

  * Completing or supporting an activity, namely the reservation process or e-voucher purchase process
  * Voluntary customer registration process
  * Statistical usage of the system to faciliate improvements
  * No other use is made of the collected information, in particular the information is never passed to third parties without permission



_Who has access to some or all of the information we collect?_

  * Bookassist, its branches and its subsidiary companies
  * Accommodation services possibly not sharing our privacy policy
  * Financial clearing services possibly not sharing our privacy policy
  * Legal authorities where authorised to do so



_What access do we grant our visitors to the information we collect concerning them?_

  * Access is given to all collected information at any time on request



  
If you believe that our websites or systems have collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information, please contact us.

To contact Bookassist, please see office contact details on [Bookassist.org/contact.jsp](http://www.bookassist.org/contact.jsp)

## Cookies Policy

This Policy outlines how we may use Cookies on our Website.

We respect your right to privacy. Any personal information which you volunteer on this website will be treated with appropriate standards of security and confidentiality and in accordance with the Irish Data Protection Acts, 1988 (as amended).

_What are Cookies?_

Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit our website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that Cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. There are a number of different types of Cookies, each having a different purpose.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). This service uses Cookies. Cookies help the website analyse how visitors to our website use the site. The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website and allowing cookies to remain enabled, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes as set out above.

_What types of Cookies may be used on this website?_

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly Necessary Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. We use these Cookies to enable the services which you have specifically asked for.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies are Cookies which collect information on how visitors use a website, i.e. which pages visitors go to most. We use these Cookies to collect information anonymously on the pages which you have visited.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies are Cookies which allow the website to remember choices made by the user (name, address, language). We use these Cookies to remember choices made to improve our users experience.

#### Advertising Cookies

Advertising Cookies are Cookies which are used to deliver adverts more relevant to a user's interests. They remember that a user has viewed a website before. They are often linked to the functionality of the site. We use these Cookies to collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.

#### Tailored Advertising

If you have Cookies enabled on your machine, we will present you with advertisements relevant to our website. Google and third party vendors show our advertisements across different internet sites. If you have Cookies switched on you may see advertisements for this website on other websites. Should you wish to opt out of Tailored Advertising please visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>

#### Third Party Cookies

We may install third party cookies on our website. Third party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than the website that is being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third party cookie.

Cookies used by us enable us to improve our website and to deliver a more personalised service for you. If, after supplying personal information, you require a copy of it or you wish to discuss, correct or delete it, please contact us. To contact Bookassist, please see office contact details on [Bookassist.org/contact.jsp](http://www.bookassist.org/contact.jsp)

_This Policy was last modified on 26th September 2013._
