> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bookenda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170304161802id_/https%3A//www.bookenda.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

Updated: January 15 2012 

Bookenda is firmly committed to data privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to all products, services and websites offered by Bookenda Inc. These products, services and websites are hereinafter collectively referred to as Bookenda “services.” We take privacy seriously, which is why we wish to inform you about what information we collect and how we use it.

### Information we collect and how we use it

We offer a number of services that require setting up an account and providing personal information. So that we can provide the full range of our services, we need to collect the following information: 

  * Information you provide us: When setting up a Bookenda account or signing up with Bookenda.com or for a promotion requiring registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and password). For some services, such as our advertising programs, we also request information regarding your credit card or any other payment method, which we then store in an encrypted format on secure servers.
  * Cookies: When you visit Bookenda, we send one or more cookies (small files containing a string of characters) to your computer or other device to uniquely identify your browser. We use these cookies to improve the quality of our services, including storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection and tracking browsing habits, such as how people search. We also use cookies for our advertising services to help advertisers and publishers effectively manage their ads across the Web.
  * Log information: When you access Bookenda services, our servers automatically record information sent by your browser when you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your Web request, your IP address, your browser type and language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that uniquely identify your browser.
  * User communications: When you send email or other communications to Bookenda, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your questions and improve our services.
  * Affiliated Bookenda services on other sites: We offer some of our services on or through other websites. Personal information you provide to those sites may be sent to Bookenda in order to deliver the service. We process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
  * Links: Bookenda reserves the right to present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology and the relevance of content and customized advertising.
  * Other sites: This Privacy Policy applies to Bookenda services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed in search results generated by Bookenda applications, products or services or in links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.



Bookenda only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the above, the information we collect is used for the following purposes:

  * Providing our services to users, particularly the display of customized content and advertising 
  * Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services
  * Ensuring the technical maintenance of our network
  * Protecting the rights or property of Bookenda and its users
  * Developing new services
  * Help advertisers and publishers to effectively manage their ads on the Web.



Personal information is processed by Bookenda’s servers. In some cases, information may be processed by a server outside your country of residence. We may process personal information to ensure our services operate properly or, in some cases, on behalf of a third party, such as our advertising partners, with their prior authorization and according to their instructions.

### Transmission of personal information

When you sign up for a Bookenda service, we ask you to provide personal information. If we are to use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will first ask for your consent.Unless you give prior consent, Bookenda will not collect or use any confidential information for purposes other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.

Most browsers are configured to accept cookies, but you can modify these parameters so that your browser refuses all cookies or notifies you whenever a cookie is sent. However, certain Bookenda functions and services may not operate properly if cookies are disabled.

### Communication of your personal information to third parties

Bookenda does not communicate your personal information to individual or corporate third parties except in the following rare situations: 

  * We obtained your consent. We always ask for your permission before communicating any personal or confidential information about you to a third party.
  * We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing it on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information solely according to our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and that they undertake to implement appropriate data security and confidentiality protection measures.
  * We believe in good faith that access, use, protection and disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary, in the full measure allowed or required by law, in order (a) to comply with a legal, regulatory or judicial obligation or any other request issued from a public authority; (b) to enforce the applicable Terms of Use, including detecting potential infringement thereof; (c) to detect, prevent or deal with fraudulent activities, security breaches or any technical problems; or (d) to protect ourselves against any harm to the rights, property or security of Bookenda, its users or the public.



If Bookenda becomes involved in a merger, acquisition or any other form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of your personal information affected by such transactions and notify you before it is transferred or subjected to a new Privacy Policy. 

For any other question on how your personal data is managed or used, feel free to contact us.

### Information security

We do our utmost to make Bookenda a safe environment for users.

Bookenda takes appropriate security measures to prevent any unauthorized access to or modification, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal audits on data collection, storage and processing, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to our personal data storage systems.

Access to personal information is strictly limited to Bookenda employees, subcontractors and agents who need it for the operation, development or improvement of our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and judicial proceedings, if they fail to meet any of these obligations.

Customers are responsible to keep confidential the name or names of users and passwords, or associated with their account. Bookenda can not be held liable if third parties had access to confidential information using the contact information associated with the Customer's account.

#### Data integrity

Bookenda processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected, in keeping with this Privacy Policy. Bookenda takes all reasonable measures to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete and current, but it is the user's responsibility to update their information when necessary.

#### Accessing and updating your personal information

When you use Bookenda services, we allow you to access your personal information, correct any errors in it or delete it upon request, except where otherwise provided by law or where the data is necessary for legitimate business purposes. Before processing such requests, we ask individual users to identify themselves and indicate the information they wish to access, correct or delete. We reserve the right to decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate. technical effort, compromise the confidentiality of third-party information, or are difficult to comply with (for instance, requests concerning information stored on backup tapes), or for which access is not justified. Where applicable, accessing and correcting data is a free service, except where doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services specify different procedures for accessing, correcting or deleting users’ personal data.

#### Enforcement of and compliance with this Privacy Policy

We constantly make sure that we are fully honouring our commitments, particularly those set out in this Privacy Policy. Feel free to contact us via our website if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or about the way Bookenda processes your personal information.

Bookenda reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Whatever the case, Bookenda will post any change on this page and, in the event of significant changes, Bookenda will post a prominent notice.

### Special provisions applicable to share links

We give you permission to use Bookenda’s share link button so that users can post on Bookenda from your website.

However, you need permission from Bookenda to use its link button on a website other than your own.

You will not place a link button on any page containing content that would violate this Statement if posted on Bookenda.

### Terms of payment

By making a payment on Bookenda, you agree to our terms of payment.

#### Termination

If you violate the letter or spirit of this Statement, or otherwise create a potential legal liability for us, we can stop providing you with all or part of Bookenda. We will notify you by email or the next time you attempt to access your account. You may also delete your account or disable your application at any time.

#### Other

This Statement makes up the entire agreement between the parties regarding Bookenda, and supersedes any prior agreements.

If any portion of this Statement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.

If we fail to enforce any of this Statement, it will not be considered a waiver.

Any amendment to or waiver of this Statement must be made in writing and signed by us.

You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this Statement to anyone else without our consent.

All of our rights and obligations under this Statement are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.

Nothing in this Statement will prevent us from complying with the law.

This Statement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights.

#### Payment sources

We accept different payment methods, such as debit cards and Visa orMasterCard credit cards.

You confirm that you are permitted to use the payment source that you provide to us. You also authorize us to collect transaction information.

When you make a payment, you authorize us (or our payment processor) to charge the amount to the payment source you use for the transaction.

If you pay by credit or debit card we may obtain a pre-approval from the issuer of the card for the purchase amount. We will bill your card upon acceptance of Bookenda’s policies or shortly thereafter.

If you pay by debit card and your payment results in an overdraft or other fee from your bank, you alone are responsible for that fee.

#### Actions we may take

We may take certain actions to reduce our liability and that of users in order to make Bookenda safe for users.

We may make any inquiries that we consider necessary, either directly or through third parties, concerning your identity and creditworthiness.

We may cancel any transaction if we believe the transaction violates these Terms of Payment or the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, or if it may incur a financial loss.

We may place a delay on a payment, limit payment sources for a transaction, limit your ability to make a payment or deactivate your account if we believe doing so may prevent financial loss.

We may contact your payment source issuer, law enforcement, or impacted third parties (including other users) and share details of any payments you make if we believe doing so may prevent financial loss or a violation of law.

We may cancel any credits transferred, assigned, or sold in violation of these Terms of Payment or the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities.

If you purchase advertising, and your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may take appropriate measures to recover monies owed. You agree to pay all expenses associated with such collection, including reasonable legal expenses. Interest will accrue on any past due amounts at the rate of the lesser of 1% per month or the lawful maximum.

#### Disputes and reversals

If you believe that an unauthorized or otherwise problematic transaction has taken place under your account, you agree to notify us immediately so that we may take action to prevent financial loss.

To the extent permitted by law, you waive all claims against us related to payments if more than 30 days have passed since you were charged.

You are responsible for and agree to reimburse us for all reversals, claims, fees, fines, penalties and other disbursement incurred by us (including costs and related expenses) that were caused by or arising out of payments that you authorized or accepted.

Your only remedy for a technical failure or service interruption is to request that your transaction be completed at a later time.

#### Special provisions applicable to advertisers

When you purchase advertising through Bookenda, you agree to pay all amounts specified in the order, including any applicable taxes.

You are responsible for keeping your account secure, and you understand that you will be charged for any orders placed through your account.

You can cancel an advertising order at any time through our online portal, but your ads may run for several days thereafter, and you will still be required to pay for these ads.

Without limiting the previous section, your order constitutes your written authorization for us to obtain your personal and/or business credit report. We may obtain your credit report when you place an order, or at any time thereafter.

You will pay any taxes that apply to your transactions. You agree to indemnify us against any claim arising out of your failure to do so.
