> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the booky.io privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315030042id_/http%3A//booky.io/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# booky.io | Online bookmark manager. Your bookmarks available on all devices.

## What information do we collect?

We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.

When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your username and e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

## What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

To improve our website  
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)

## How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.

## Do we use cookies?

Yes  
(cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)

We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

## Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

## Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

## California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account and going to the 'Settings' page.

## Web analysis with Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, i.e. text files stored on your computer to enable analysis of website usage by you. Information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. In case of activated IP anonymization on this website, however, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf this website's owner, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about website activities, and provide the website's operator with further services related to website and Internet usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data by Google. You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser software; in this case, however, please note that you might not be able to fully use all functions offered by this website. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plug-in from the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "anonymizeIP()", IP addresses being truncated before further processing in order to rule out direct associations to persons.

## Google +1 Button

### The collection and dissemination of data:

The Google +1 button is a way for you to share information publicly with the world. The Google +1 button helps you and others receive personalized content from Google and our partners. The fact that you +1'd something will be recorded by Google, along with information about the page you were viewing when you clicked on the +1 button. Your +1's may appear to others as an annotation with your profile name and photo in Google services (such as in search results or on your Google Profile) or elsewhere on websites and ads on the Internet.

Google is recording information about your +1 activity in order to provide you and other users with a better experience on Google services. In order to use the Google +1 button, you need to have a public Google Profile visible to the world, which at a minimum includes the name you chose for the profile. That name will be used across Google services and in some cases it may replace another name you've used when sharing content under your Google Account. Google may display your Google Profile identity to people who have your email address or other identifying information.

### Use of the collected information:

In addition to the above-described uses, the information you provide to Google is used subject to Googles main Privacy Policy. Google may share aggregate statistics related to users' +1 activity with the public, their users, and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or connected sites. For example, they may tell a publisher that “10% of the people who +1'd this page are in Tacoma, Washington.”

## Social plug-ins from Facebook

We use social plug-ins from facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The plug-ins can be recognized by way of the Facebook logo or the supplement "Facebook Social Plug-in". For example, if you click on the "Like" button or leave a comment, the relevant information is transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook and stored there. Furthermore, Facebook makes your likes public for your Facebook friends. If you are logged into Facebook, it can assign the invocation of our page directly to your Facebook account. Even if you are not logged in or don't have a Facebook account, your browser sends information (e.g. which web pages you have called up, your IP address) which is then stored by Facebook. For details about handling of your personal data by Facebook and your related rights, please refer to the data privacy policy of Facebook: <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>. If you do not want Facebook to map data collected about you via our Web sites to your Facebook account, you must log out of Facebook before you visit our web pages.

## Social plug-ins from Twitter

With Twitter and its Retweet functions, we use social plug-ins from Twitter.com, operated by Twitter Inc. 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107. If you use Retweet, the websites visited by you are announced to third parties and associated with your Twitter account. Details about handling of your data by Twitter as well as your rights and setting options for protecting your personal information can be found in Twitter's data privacy policy: [](http://twitter.com/privacy)

## Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

## Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.

## Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on March 13, 2016.

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

Email: [info@booky.io](mailto:info@booky.io)

This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support [help desk software](http://www.rhinosupport.com/).
