> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bookvideos.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201093519id_/http%3A//www.smartshoot.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - SmartShoot

Privacy Policy  
Effective October 1, 2012  
To explain how we may use any Personal Information that you may furnish while visiting http://www.SmartShoot.com (the “SmartShoot Web site”, or the “Web site”), we have created the following policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclose of personal information we receive from users of the Web site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material change by posting the new Privacy Policy to the Web site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for changes.  
As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.  
Information Collected  
While visiting the Web site we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”) to allow us to provide and improve our Web site, services, features and content (together, the “Service”) and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Web site. Such Personal Information includes your name, company name, company url, phone number, street address, e-mail address and, for certain services, credit card information(notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, we will not share any credit card information with any third party unless required to provide you services that you have requested). On any page that collects Personal Information, we will specifically describe what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service, enter you in the promotion you have requested, or respond to your inquiry or comment. Information collected online is often defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable:  
1\. Anonymous Information refers to information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. For instance, we may know that thousands of people have visited this Privacy Policy web page, but we do not necessarily know their names, where they live, or their date of birth. What we collect from visits such as this constitutes anonymous information. Many of the individuals who access our services decline to use the personalization features that are available to them, and therefore those individuals are anonymous to us and the only data we collect about them is anonymous information.  
2\. Personal Information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, email address or phone number. In many cases we need this information to provide the personalized or enhanced service that you have requested. We hope that, like many of our customers, you will find it beneficial to provide Personal Information to SmartShoot so that we may provide valuable services to you. Visiting the Web site will also cause a cookie to be issued; this cookie allows SmartShoot to “recognize” you when you are on our site to allow us to personalize our service for you.  
Anonymous Information: As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may link this automatically-collected data as well as any information received from third parties to Personal Information.  
Personal Information: In order to use the basic features of this Web site, you need not register or provide any Personal Information. We believe in protecting your privacy, and will not share Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. We believe we can enhance your experience on our Web site with the information you share with us. We use Personal Information about you to improve our advertising and marketing efforts, to statistically analyze Web site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to personalize the Web site’s content, layout, and services. We may also use your Personal Information, such as your e-mail address or mailing address, to contact you regarding products and/or services that may be of interest to you, to respond to an inquiry from you regarding the information that we have collected, or respond to your comments and suggestions. While we believe these services will enhance your experience at our Web site, you will at all times be able to opt out from receiving these communications (other than in response to your inquiries, comments and suggestions), either by specifically opting out of these services (by unsubscribing or clicking on this link and following the steps indicated) or, if applicable, by deleting your profile from our database. We also may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, partners, other third parties, our affiliate companies, and for other lawful purposes.  
We may also offer other services as a part of our Web site (e.g., contests, sweepstakes and other promotions with unaffiliated third parties). If you choose to use these optional services or opportunities, we may provide some of your Personal Information to these parties. We will not do so without telling you in advance, and you can avoid having us make such disclosures by choosing not to use these services or features of the Web site.  
Depending on the services you have chosen to use, some or all of your Personal Information may be used by SmartShoot to provide such services. Personal Information may also be provided to intermediaries and third parties, including credit card processors, who assist SmartShoot in providing you with the service you request. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, however, SmartShoot will not share, rent or sell your information to third parties without your permission.  
SmartShoot is the sole owner of the information collected on http://www.SmartShoot.com. SmartShoot may collect Personal Information from our users at several different points on our Web site.  
Send-To-A-Friend  
If you choose to use our service to tell a friend about a film you saw on our Web site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend an email. Your friend may contact us at legal@SmartShoot.com to request that we remove this information from our database.  
Special Offers and Updates  
We will occasionally send you information on services, special deals, products and/or promotions. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the “Choice/Opt-out.”  
Service-related Announcements  
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.  
Customer Service  
Based upon the Personal Information you provide us, we may send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, if you have provided such information.  
Profile  
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, or tracking tags to create a “profile” of your preferences. We may tie your Personal Information to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the Web site for you.  
Bulletin Board/Blogs/Rate A Film  
If you use a bulletin board or blog or rate a film on this site, you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.  
COOKIES  
What are Cookies? A cookie is a small data text file that a web site sends to your browser, which is stored on your system. The Website can only access the information from a cookie sent by the Web site. We cannot access cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein. Additionally, we cannot learn your e-mail address or any other information about you through the use of a cookie. The only way we would learn such information is if you specifically and voluntarily submit that information to us, for example, through a registration system, by purchasing products, or by entering a sweepstakes or promotion.  
Why does the Web site use cookies? We use cookies to track usage of the Web site and further personalize your experience when you are visiting the Web site. By tracking usage, we can best determine what features of the Web site best serve the users.  
What benefits do I receive from cookies? Overall, the use of cookies helps to give you a more personalized experience at the Web site. The information is used to keep our Web site fresh and relevant to you the user.  
May I decline to accept a cookie? You may decline to accept cookies sent by the Web site by selecting an option on your browser to reject cookies. However, if at some point we require registration to use the Services, you will be required to log in each time you access the Web site. Cookies enable our server to know that you are a registered user, and will eliminate the need for you to log in each time you access our Web site.  
We may also employ a software technology called tracking tags (a.k.a. clear gifs/Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Tracking tags are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, tracking tags are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We may tie the information gathered by tracking tags to our customers’ Personal Information.  
We may use tracking tags in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see “Choice/Opt-out.”  
We may display retargeted ads to our site prospects across the Internet. We collect Anonymous Information about your visits to the Web site, and your interaction with our products and services. The Anonymous Information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No Personal Information is collected during in this process. If you do not want us to collect this information, you may opt out of this service. Opting out will not affect your use of the Web site. To Optout of retargeting, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
Party Collecting the Information  
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that we collect from you. The Web site may offer forums, message boards, or chat rooms as one of the services on the Web site. If you disclose Personal Information in one of these forums, this information can be viewed, collected, and used by others. We are not responsible for the use of information you disclose in these forums.  
Third Party Advertisers  
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by third-party advertising companies. Third-party advertising companies may use cookies and tracking tags on this site, which allow it to recognize a user’s cookie when a user visits this site. The companies serve their ads from their own web sites, independently from SmartShoot. The information that the third-party advertising companies collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable, unless you provide such information in response to an advertisement.  
Links to Other Materials  
Third party sites and co-branded sites linked to and from the Web site, including credit card processors, are not necessarily under our control. We shall have no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking program at any time. We do not necessarily endorse companies (or related products or services) to or from which the Web site is linked. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Web site, you do so entirely at your own risk. Therefore, we encourage you to ask questions and review those parties’ privacy policies before you disclose your Personal Information to others.  
Choice/Opt-out  
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes. For example, in some instances, if you register but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference at time of registration. In other instances, you may ‘opt-out’ by logging into your account and changing your preferences. You may also ‘opt-out’ by clicking on this link and following the steps indicated.  
Access to Personal Information  
If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by contacting us or, if applicable, making the change on your user information page. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.  
Business Transitions  
In the event SmartShoot goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets as well as in the event of a bankruptcy, assignment for benefit of creditors or receivership, your Personal Information may be disclosed and will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information.  
Legal Disclaimer  
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.  
Your Privacy Rights Regarding Third Party Sharing  
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We may also provide Personal Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of allowing them to provide you directly with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you. You can, at any time, opt out of receiving such communications or the sharing of such information.  
Children’s Privacy  
SmartShoot cares about the safety of children and their use of the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at legal@SmartShoot.com. In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such Personal Information without the requisite verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical.  
Security  
SmartShoot operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. You the consumer are ultimately responsible for the security of your user name and password, if applicable. Please take care to store your user name separately from your account password, or better yet, choose a password that you don’t need to write down at all.  
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.  
Contacting Us  
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at legal@SmartShoot.com. Our office address is 121 2nd Street, Ste. 200, San Francisco, CA. 94105.  
Non-US Users  
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using this Web site, you consent to this transfer. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this web site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the state of California.
