> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the boom.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181230123636id_/https%3A//boom.tv/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BOOM.TV - Privacy

Welcome to Boom.tv! Boom.tv is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of the Boom.tv Service.

If you have any questions regarding this information or our privacy practices, please see the section entitled "Contacting Us" at the end of this privacy statement. This privacy statement is effective as of December 13 2016.

This privacy policy covers all of the Boom.tv Service, but does not apply to information collected by third parties that Boom.tv does not control.

**Information you provide Boom.tv**

Boom.tv does not collect personally identifiable information unless our visitors voluntarily provide it to us. We do, however, collect certain types of information and ask for personal information in certain circumstances, such as when you set up an account. The following sections describe what type of information we collect, when we collect it and how we use it.

**Registering an account.**  In order to access certain services, content, or features, you may sign up for an account with Boom.tv. When you register and create an account, we require you to provide us your email address. 

**Information collected by Boom.tv**

**Website and cookies.**  As with most web sites, your computer sends information that gets logged by a web server when you browse the Boom.tv website. This typically includes your computer's IP address, operating system, browser name/version, the referring web page, requested page, date/time, and sometimes a "cookie" (which can be disabled using your browser preferences) to help the site remember your last visit. If you are logged in, this information is associated with your personal account. The information is also included in anonymous statistics to allow us to understand how visitors use our site.

We may from time to time implement "cookies" or other features to allow us or third parties to collect or share information that will help us improve our Site and the Boom.tv Service, or help us offer new services and features. A cookie is a small amount of data, that often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to a user's browser from a Web server and stored on a user's computer hard drive. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personal information about you. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site or the Boom.tv Service.

**Community & Support.** We provide customer service support through email and feedback forms. In order to provide customer support, we may ask for certain information regarding your account, such as verifying that you are the account owner. Aside from this information, we do not ask for any personal information to provide customer support. We only use information received from customer support requests, including email addresses, for customer support services and we do not transfer or share this information with any third parties. 

**Information Collected by Third Parties**

**Google Analytics.**  Our Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

**Third party downloads.**  We, and third parties, may from time to time make software applications available for your use on or through the Boom.tv Service. These applications may separately access, and allow a third party to view, your identifiable information, such as your name, your user ID, your computer's IP Address or other information such as what game you are playing during any given session, and any cookies that you may previously have installed or that were installed for you by a third party software application or website. Additionally, these applications may ask you to provide additional information directly to third parties. Third party products or services provided through these applications are not owned or controlled by Boom.tv. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies published by such third parties on their websites or otherwise.

**Third party partners.**  In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, we may choose various third party web sites to link to, and frame within, the Site. We may also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our visitors. However, even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or third party web sites (even if offered on or through our site) may not be received by us. As such, we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Our third-party ad partner uses non-personally identifiable information to make more intelligent ad decisions using cookies and other data. To check out or even opt-out, visit your Consumer Online Profile.

**How do we use the information you provide us?**

We may use the information you provide us in the following manner:

**To manage and customize the Service.**  We may use the information we collect to tailor your experience through the Boom.tv Service by displaying content according to your interests and preferences, providing a faster method for you to access your account and submit information to us and allowing us to contact you, if necessary.

**To contact you.**  We may contact you with Service-related announcements from time to time. You may opt out of all communications except essential updates on your Email Notifications page. In order to opt out of receiving email notifications and updates, please access the "Your Profile" area of the website and select the appropriate options.

**To make suggestions.**  We use your profile information, your past behavior, including the game streams you watched  to make suggestions about other games you may like to watch. 

**To improve the Boom.tv Service.**   We will never sell or rent your email address or any of your personal information. Unless we get your explicit approval in advance, we will only share your personal information as we believe is necessary to:

  * keep you updated, respond to, confirm or fulfill your requests, and notify you of service issues and unusual account actions;
  * enforce our Terms of Service;
  * protect personal safety and the rights, property or safety of others;
  * comply with laws or respond to legal processes;



**How does Boom.tv protect customer information?**

We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems. User personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. We continue to store your personal information for so long as it is necessary to provide you our service and currently do not anticipate destroying old personal information. In most cases, we will at a minimum keep one archival copy of your information to allow us to comply with laws or respond to legal processes.

**Other Information**

**No children under 13.**  The Boom.tv Features are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information or non-personally-identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 nor is any part of our Site or other Boom.tv Service directed to children under the age of 13. We will close any accounts used exclusively by such children and will remove and/or delete any personal information we believe was submitted by any child under the age of 13.

**Notification of changes.**  By visiting the Site or using the Boom.tv Features, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as set forth in this privacy statement. If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes within this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

**Contacting us.**  If you have any questions about our privacy practices or your dealings with the Boom.tv Features, please do not hesitate to contact contact@Boom.tv 

**Terms and Conditions.**  Please also read the Terms of Service establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the Site and the Boom.tv Service.
