> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the booqbags.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-11-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151108135928id_/http%3A//www.booqbags.com/us/answers%23ordering-shipping/how-safe-is-my-personal-information) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# booq | Help

FREE GROUND SHIPPING on orders over $100

[](https://web.archive.org/us/home) Search Products [Help](https://web.archive.org/us/answers) [Store Locator](https://web.archive.org/us/stores) [Terralinq](https://web.archive.org/us/terralinq) [Cart ](http://shopping.netsuite.com/c.579293/checkout/cart.ssp?n=1)

  *   * Are booq products waterproof? Many of our bags are made from polyurethane-backed ballistic nylon, which is water-repellent and will protect against the elements. However, seams and zippers are not entirely waterproof and thus contents cannot be guaranteed to stay completely dry in extremely heavy rainfall.
  * How do I obtain a sample for review purposes? If you would like to write a review about one of our products, we ask that you please Contact Us. Please include some links to published laptop bag, style or IT reviews for major (online) publications you have written. Please understand that we have a limited quantity of PR samples, and thus our PR agency may not be able to meet your needs. While we appreciate your interest in writing about our products, many paying customers regularly contribute to blogs and websites of all types and traffic volumes.
  * booq Contact Info You can reach us Monday through Friday, 8 A.M. to 6 P.M. (Pacific Standard Time), at the following numbers: Toll Free: 877-292-1773 Phone: 626-836-9365 Fax: 626-836-9139  Our addresses: Headquarters: Booq LLC 64 E. Montecito Ave Sierra Madre CA 91024 U.S.A. Returns Center*: Booq LLC 64 E. Montecito Ave Sierra Madre CA 91024 U.S.A. *Do NOT return a product without first Contacting Us for an RMA number.
  * Why booq? Booq is all about those who value creative passion and promote creative ambition. We do not exist for those who fear change, nor do we work for those who resist it. The booq brand supports those who passionately work to inspire, initiate and create new ideas, sometimes against all odds and seemingly better judgment. We all know that the world's progress depends increasingly on creatives and creative professionals, and since it takes ambitious ideas to make the world a better place, booq wants to help move those big ideas wherever they need to go. The people behind booq know from their own experience, as many of our customers do, that relatively few truly ambitious ideas and dreams are the products of famous designers, respected thinkers and accomplished innovators but are products of yet unknown, unpublished creative individuals with a strong passion for being first, challenging the status quo, and pushing big ideas to see the light of day. Booq believes that the next generation of creative thinkers will produce the next generation of world leaders, and it is why we strive to create excellent ways to contain and carry the most ambitious ideas. Booq was founded by Thorsten Trotzenberg, a German native, product design graduate of Pasadena's Art Center College of Design, and founding partner of 3Gen LLC, now the world's leading maker of handheld skin cancer screening devices marketed under the DermLite brand. Booq started in 2002 as a garage operation based in Burbank, California, and the privately held family company moved to Sierra Madre, a creative community in the foothills above Los Angeles, in 2003. Run by a small team of highly motivated creative individuals who are committed to providing the highest level of product performance and service to some of the world's most ambitious and innovative individuals, it is our customer's creative work that gives us all the inspiration we need to stay focused and create great products. In turn, we hope that our work inspires others to do the same, and we look forward to helping you move your next ambitious idea farther for many years to come.
  * About booq trademarks Trademarks owned by booq need to be protected through proper use, which helps promote our strong brand identity. 1\. Sales Use: Only booq and its authorized resellers may use the booq logo & tab for sales purposes. 2\. Referential Use: Everyone may use booq trademarks & logos when referring to booq or its products, provided the use reflects favorably on booq and its products. 3\. Unauthorized Use: You may not: infringe on booq trademarks, use booq trademarks in a disparaging manner, apply booq trademarks to products, materials, web domains not licensed or authorized by booq, imply that booq supports third-party products or services when this is not the case, imitate booq trademarks or graphics. 4\. Proper Use: At the beginning of a sentence, use the spelling Booq, in all other cases booq. For legal purposes, use Booq LLC without a comma, as in "Booq is a trademark of Booq LLC." The all-caps spelling BOOQ should be avoided. When referring to our brand or product names, always spell them exactly as displayed on our website. It is not acceptable to alter our trademarks and product names in any way, especially by separating combined words ("slimcase", not "slim case"), or using the plural or apostrophes, as we are trying to protect the trademark or product name in an unaltered form. So, no Taipans, Taipan slimcases, Taipan skins or Taipan skin's (ugh!), but Taipan bags, Taipan slimcase bags, or Taipan skin laptop sleeves. The Mamba Sling's (wrong) shoulder strap becomes the Mamba Sling shoulder strap. Just remember that trademarks are adjectives, not nouns. "Bag" is a noun, "booq" or "Mamba" the adjective. Booq's products become products made by booq, booq products, or simply booq bags. 5\. Trademark Notice - U.S.: On communications used within the United States, use the correct trademark symbol the first time the trademark appears in the text (e.g. booq®), and use the following attribution: "_ _ _ _ is a trademark of Booq LLC." 6\. Trademark Notice - Outside U.S.: On communications for use outside the United States, use the following attribution: "_ _ _ _ is a trademark of Booq LLC." For more information, Contact Us.


  *   * Do you offer quantity discounts? Yes, we do. If you are planning on purchasing ten or more bags, please contact customer care. There are no discounts for lower quantities. Please advise exact item number (SKU, see tab Specifications), shipping address, and the desired/latest delivery date.
  * Do you have promotional codes or discounts? We tend to advertise in Mac and laptop-oriented publications, and we generally include a promotional code to track an ad's effectiveness. If you like our ad, use the promo code; if not, then don't.
  * 100% Price Guarantee We believe that we offer the lowest prices available on the quality products we sell, and we guarantee this to you. If any US-based online competitor* advertises a lower, in-stock price on the exact same item, we will match that price!** If you do find the exact same item advertised for less within 30 days, send us the address of the web page, and we will match the price or refund the difference. It's that simple, even if it's our own sale price. *Auctions excluded **Shipping costs are not covered under this guarantee.


  *   * Can I pick up my order? Sorry, our headquarters or warehouse locations are not set up to receive customers. We encourage you to visit one of our [selected retailers](https://web.archive.org/stores) near you.
  * Do you ship outside the United States? Yes, we use FedEx International for shipments to destinations around the world; however, for security reasons, we do not ship to select countries that tend to have a high incidence of fraud. For orders in Europe, please visit [booqeurope.com](http://www.booqeurope.com/). As part of our Fraud Protection policy we ask all customers with a billing or shipping address outside of the U.S. to send us the following information: 1) A copy of the front and back of your credit card; and 2) A copy of your passport or government-issued identification card. You may fax this information to us at +1-626-836-9139 or e-mail it to care@booq.com.
  * When will my order ship? All in-stock FedEx Express Saver, FedEx 2Day and FedEx Overnight orders placed before noon (Pacific Standard Time) will be shipped the same day We do not ship on Saturdays or Sundays.
  * How can I make changes to my order? If your order has not been fulfilled, Contact Form immediately and we can make changes to your order. If it has already shipped and you require a change of address, we may be able to file a request with the shipper for you. Charges for an address correction start at $10 and cost much more for international shipments. If you need to make other changes, please place a new order and return the undesired order for a refund.
  * How safe is my personal information? Protecting your Privacy at booq. We at Booq LLC (hereinafter called "booq") are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us. PLEASE NOTE: We absolutely DO NOT share, sell, or give away your personal information to anyone. Should you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact booq's Customer Care at 626.836.9365. Information Collection and Use Information Collection Booq is the sole owner of the information collected on [www.booqbags.com](http://www.booqbags.com/). Booq collects information from our users at several different points on our web site Order We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. Information User Profile We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to a user's personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We DO NOT share your profile with other third parties. Log Files Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., are not linked to personally identifiable information. Communications from the Site Special Offers and Updates We send all new customers a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and/or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Newsletter If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users' privacy, we provide a way to opt out of these communications. Service Announcements On rare occasions, it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send users an email. Users may opt out of these communications; however, these communications are not promotional in nature. Customer Care We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services, and in regards to issues relating to their account, we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the user's wishes. Sharing Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process. Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable) We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information. These are the instances in which we will share users' personal information: Third Party Intermediaries We use an outside shipping company to ship orders and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Service Providers We partner with other third parties to provide specific services, for example, PAYPAL. When the user signs up for these particular services, we share names, or other contact AND billing information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. Business Transitions In the event booq goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. Our forms have an 'opt-out' mechanism so users who contact us but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at [care@booq.com](mailto:care@booq.com). Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that booq is not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. Surveys From time-to-time, our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our products and this site. Users' personally identifiable information is NOT shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Tell-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Booq will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Booq stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact booq at [care@booq.com](mailto:care@booq.com) to request the removal of this information from our database. Security This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and offline. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'. While we use SSL-encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information offline. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment in a locked facility. If users have any questions about the security on our web site, users can send an email to [care@booq.com](mailto:care.care@booq.com). Supplementation of Information In order for this web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from third-party sources. ID and Address Verification Whenever necessary, we use third-party software to verify a user's identity and address to protect ourselves from fraud. Enhancement of Marketing Profile We may purchase third-party marketing data and add it to our existing user database to better target our advertising and provide pertinent offers we think our users would be interested in. We use this information to enhance or overlay the 'profile' of individual users. This aggregate marketing data is therefore tied to the users' personally identifiable information. Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at [care@booq.com](mailto:care@booq.com). Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email. BOOQ, LLC Sierra Madre, CA
  * What are my shipping options at booqbags.com? Our checkout pages utilize a live interface with FedEx servers to generate accurate, economical shipping rates. In-stock orders received by noon ship the same day; those received later leave our Los Angeles warehouse the next business day (Mo-Fr). The actual shipping cost will depend on your total order weight, delivery location (zip code/country), and shipping method: FedEx Priority Overnight® Delivery by 10:30 a.m., the next business day FedEx Standard Overnight® Afternoon delivery, the next business day FedEx 2Day® Afternoon delivery, the second business day FedEx Express Saver® Afternoon delivery, the third business day FedEx Home Delivery - Ground Deliveries Transit time is 1-7 business days within 48 contiguous states, 3-7 business days to/from Alaska and Hawaii. Note that packages are delivered Tuesdays through Saturdays. For example, an order placed over the weekend and shipped out on Monday arrives in NYC on Friday and at any address along the East Coast by Saturday. Military Shipping via USPS Priority Mail APO/FPO Transit time to overseas MPO's is 7-13 days
  * My package is lost, what do I do? Claims for lost packages will be processed **ONLY** when package tracking indicates that the shipment was **NOT** delivered correctly. Should your residence, organization, or office refuse delivery of any package resulting in its return to us, we will automatically treat this as a refund. If you would like for us to re-ship your package, you will need to place a new order with us.
  * 100% Satisfaction Guarantee Every item we sell comes with the booq 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with your order when it arrives, any item in new, unused condition can be returned or exchanged within 30 days of purchase for a refund (excluding all shipping charges). We will refund return shipping expenses only if the item was sent in error by us, or if the item was damaged in shipping.
  * Limited 5-Year Warranty All booq® bags (hereinafter "bags") made by Booq LLC, a California company, (hereinafter "booq") carry a Limited 5-Year Warranty. Each bag is manufactured under the highest standards and is warranted to be free from material and workmanship defects for 5 years from the date of purchase or as long as the Original Owner owns the bag (proof of purchase is required), whichever is shorter. "Original Owner" is a person who purchased the bag from booq or from a booq Authorized Dealer or, in the case of a gift, a person receiving the bag, without compensation, within 90 days of the original purchaser's transaction at booq or at one of its authorized dealers. Any bag purchased from a private person or from a dealer not authorized by booq is specifically not covered under this warranty. This limited warranty covers defects encountered in the normal use of the bag and does not apply if the bag is damaged due to physical abuse, mishandling, accident, use during competition, animal attack, or negligence, or if the bag is altered or modified by the purchaser in any way. This warranty does not cover the natural breakdown of materials, seams or components which may occur after extended use of the product. This warranty only applies to defects that impact the performance of the product, and cosmetic issues due to normal "wear and tear" of the product are expressly excluded, including, but not limited to: deformation, discoloration or fading of components or fabrics, loose or untrimmed thread ends, or separation of components that can be easily reattached with household tools (e.g. zipper pulls). Should the item be equipped with a Terralinq serial tag, the number must be provided with a warranty claim. If the bag is found to be defective, booq's only obligation and the Original Owner's sole and exclusive remedy is the replacement of the bag with the same bag. In the event that the same bag does not exist, booq will issue a percentage of the defective bag's value in the form of store credit. The percentage will be calculated from the original transaction date according to the following schedule: 0-6 months: 100% 6-12 months: 75% 12-36 months: 50% 36+ months: 25% Booq shall have no liability or responsibility to the Original Owner or any other person for any special, incidental or consequential losses or damages caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly by the bags including, but not limited to: losses or damages to the contents of a bag due to impact or drop, or contact with a bag's fabrics or components. Except for the express warranty stated above, booq makes no other warranties with respect to the bags, expressed or implied. Booq reserves the right to make changes in design, materials and specifications without prior notice. The Original Owner is responsible for all shipping charges, unless the defect occurs within 30 days of receipt. Replacements are shipped via the lowest cost option (e.g. FedEx Home Delivery, FedEx Ground, or United States Mail). Express shipping may be arranged upon request on an at-cost basis. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may have other rights that vary from state to state.
  * I have a credit card processing error; what do I do? The 3-digit (Visa/MasterCard) or 4-digit (Amex) security code on the back of your credit card (front for Amex) may have been incorrectly entered, or you may have even exceeded your credit limit. Please try placing your order with the same or another card.


  *   * How do I return a product? You may return any item within 30 days of receiving the item as long as it is in new and unused condition. Damaged, dirty or used merchandise CANNOT be refunded and will be returned to the customer at the customer's option and expense. We do not charge restocking fees; however, we do not refund any shipping costs. To start, please Contact Us for an RMA number. We will **NOT** be able to process your refund if you skip this step. Refunds are processed within 10 days of our receiving your return. Credit will be issued against your original method of payment. To return a defective item, you must file a Warranty Claim. Please note: since we cannot be liable for lost packages that do not arrive at our warehouse, we recommend using a trackable shipping method.
  * I sent my return, when will I receive a credit? We do not send any confirmation to you until we take action. Please allow up to ten business days from the date of receipt at our warehouse for your return to be processed. After that time, please feel free to Contact Us.
  * My product might be defective, what do I do? First off, we apologize for any inconvenience caused by a defective item. In order to make the claim process as easy as possible, defect claims can be submitted online via our Contact Form, which guides you through the process. The form requires you to supply the following: **Terralinq™ Serial Number** If your bag was made after 2007, you will be required to enter its serial number as a first step. Note that since laptop sleeves and products for tablets or phones do NOT have a serial number, you would simply pick your item from a list. **Photo(s) of the Defective Area** Upload one file or one zipped archive only. Offers your best chance of avoiding having to ship the defective bag to us for evaluation. **Location & Type of Defect** You should know what's wrong with the item. Don't worry, we'll give you a list of options. **Proof of Purchase** If you purchased your item from a booq reseller, you will be required to upload a copy of your invoice or receipt. If you purchased from this site, you will not need to upload proof of purchase. If your product is found to be defective in accordance with its Limited 5-Year Warranty, we will either send you the exact same item delivered free of charge (within the U.S.) or, if the exact same product is no longer available, issue a store credit.


