> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the booyah.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120623003435id_/http%3A//www.booyah.com/privacy-policy-3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Booyah! | WHERE YOU PLAY MATTERS

**Last Updated: May 8, 2012**

The news is filled with stories about privacy concerns. Given the sensitive nature of the material collected by many companies, users are understandably interested in what is being done with their personal information. Let’s talk about how Booyah, Inc. (“”Booyah”") will collect, use and protect your personal information. This privacy policy applies for all applications created by Booyah, which currently includes MyTown, Nightclub City, Nightclub City DJ Rivals, MyTown 2, MyTown: Animals, Early Bird, No Zombies Allowed as well as the web sites associated therewith (collectively, the “”Services”"). Please be aware, this Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time. By accessing any of the Services, you agree to the terms of the most recent version of this Privacy Policy. By agreeing, you authorize us to collect and use your information as outlined below. In the event you do not agree with any modifications made to this Privacy Policy, your only recourse is to cease use of the Services and, where applicable, delete the application. Please see the section entitled “”Opting Out”" to request the deletion of your profile. 

**INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE**  
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, to administer your account (together, the “”Services”") and to enable members to enjoy and easily navigate the Services. Remember, the Services often exist on third party platforms, such as Facebook, Android and the iPhone, and your activities on these platforms beyond the scope of the Services may be governed by that platform’s privacy policy, not ours. If you are using our services on the Facebook, you can find Facebook’s privacy policy here: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you are an Apple iPhone user, you can find Apple’s privacy policy here: http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. If you are using a phone utilizing the Android operating system, you can find the Android privacy policy here: http://www.android.com/privacy.html. 

**WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?**  
“”Personal Information”" can mean different things to different people. We define “”Personal Information”" as information that identifies you or can be used to contact you (online or offline). Personal Information can include things like your name, social security number, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, drivers’ license, etc. 

**HOW DO WE END UP WITH PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?**  
Since the use of Personal Information is necessary to improving the quality of our games, we collect that information in a variety of ways: Information from Facebook: When you install any of the Services, we may obtain information about you from Facebook. The information we receive from Facebook includes things such as your name, locale, affiliations and gender. Facebook restricts the scope and uses of this information in its Developer Policies (http://developers.facebook.com/policy) and Statement of Rights and Responsibilities (http://www.facebook.com/policy.php#!/terms.php). As you can imagine, we would rather not invite the wrath of Facebook by violating any of these policies. Location Based Information: We may derive your real time location information from your wireless carrier, third-party service providers, directly from the mobile device, or you personally. In particular, we may pinpoint your exact location when you elect to “check-in” at a particular location. Information from Third Parties: We may use service providers to provide you with a superior experience and they may share information they collect about you with us. Personal Information you provide to those third parties will fall under their respective privacy policies. If such a third party provides us with your Personal Information, we will handle it in accordance with this privacy policy (but be aware that the information retained by any third party is governed by their privacy policy, not ours). Information from You: You may choose to provide us with information as part of normal game play, during the registration process or during general communications with Booyah. We will collect and record the information you have provided in the course of such usage. Viral Components: If you refer another user to us, we may collect and retain information you provide to us such as the name and e-mail address of the referred individual. 

**WHAT NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION DO YOU COLLECT?**  
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Booyah collects about the use of the Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.  
Booyah may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Booyah to identify you. The types of non-personal data Booyah may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to unique device identifier or other device identifier (“UDID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and location; (v) game score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Booyah to enhance the Services and other Booyah products and services.

Booyah may use and disclose to Booyah’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Booyah services and products.

You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Booyah may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.

**AD SERVING TECHNOLOGY**  
Booyah reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Booyah or Booyah’s partners and contractors. Booyah may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Booyah or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Booyah or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location), UDID, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.

You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Booyah may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Booyah takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Booyah does not have access to or control of third party technologies.

**USER GENERATED CONTENT**  
You may choose to share additional information about yourself through user generated content. User generated content may be defined as various kinds of content, publicly available, that are produced by end users (for example, check-ins, messages, and actions with others end users). It is possible that the user generated content you provide may contain Personal Information. Please carefully consider which content you will contribute since we cannot guarantee protection for information you make publicly available through things such as comments, wall posts, reviews, etc. Additionally, it is likely that user generated content will be disseminated broadly through third parties such as Facebook. Please keep this in mind before sharing any content with us. Further, users should be aware that such public data may be harvested by third parties with access to it (such as other users) and we cannot control those third parties’ use of such information. 

**WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION**  
Improve Our Services. We may use the information we collect to improve the quality of our games, facilitate game play as well as offer new features to you. This might include looking at how certain segments of the player-base interact with our product and what areas they may be most interested in seeing more content. We will also use the information to optimize our content by locating bugs in our games. We may also use location based information to provide you with targeted content or enable location based play mechanics. Additionally, we may display certain information within the game (such as your Facebook account name or username) to permit other people to identify and interact with you. Check-Ins. If you check-in at a location, certain data relating to that check-in may be publicly revealed, including your name (first name and first letter of your last name, e.g. Bob S.), the location of that check-in, and any comments or notes you post related to that check-in. You may elect to “hide” your information using the options of the application. Check-in information may be displayed on third party services such as Facebook, if you so choose. Privacy considerations relating to the display of information on Facebook and other third party platforms is governed by the applicable policies and terms of service for those platforms. Notifications. We occasionally have a need to reach out to our players. Thankfully, the personal information you provide us enable us to do that. We may contact you with game-related announcement from time to time. You may opt out of these communications. We May Log, But We Will Not Disclose, Individual Internet Protocol Addresses: We may maintain log files which contain IP addresses for purposes such as traffic monitoring. An IP address is a numeric address assigned to your computer (or router) by your Internet Service Provider. We will not disclose individual IP addresses to third parties except to the extent necessary to prevent harm to third parties or it is required by law (as we specify below). Aggregate Data. Occasionally, Personal Information and non-personal information is more useful when we look at our users’ information as a whole to get a better understanding of the general characteristics of our player-base. For example, knowing that 30% of our users are playing from a particular location may be important. We may disclose these general statistics (which will not include information capable of identifying or contacting any particular user) to enhance customer service, tailor the Services to your interests or optimize the Services. Viral Components. You may decide to refer a friend to one of our Services. Typically this will be handled through built-in game mechanics that will not involve the transfer of any Personal Information to Booyah. However, in the event you or a third party does provide us with Personal Information relating to a referral, we will store it to ensure the referral took place information. Legal Requests and Harm Prevention. We may disclose information pursuant to subpoenas, court orders, or other requests if we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law. We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and you from people violating the Terms of Service. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities. Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control. If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so that the services we provide you can continue to operate. In such a case, your information would remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy. 

**SECURITY OF OUR SITE**  
We use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of the information that you share with us. Once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems. For example, we protect personal information we gather on a secured server behind a firewall; it is not directly connected to the Internet. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT, LOSS, OR INTERCEPTION OF OR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS. 

**OPTING OUT**  
You may review, update, correct or delete personal information we receive from Facebook by updating that information on your Facebook profile. If you elect to register with us and you would like to review, update, correct or delete that personal information, you may do so by e-mailing us at privacy@booyah.com and include sufficient detail in your email so that we may identify you and your profile. Further, you may control certain aspects of the use of your personal information (such as displaying check-in related information) in the options of the particular application. 

**COOKIES**  
We, and some of our third party service providers, may use cookies. A “”cookie”" is small file that we save on your computer’s hard drive that contains non-personal information. These cookies help to give you faster access to pages you have already visited. They also allow you to personalize your pages and optimize your experience on our Services. We also use cookies to help us figure out how many people visit our Services and how they interact with the Services. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preference or options menus in your browser. Disabling cookies may prevent you from properly using the Services or accessing the site. 

**LINKS**  
The Internet is a “”dynamic”" space and you may see links in the Services that might take you into that broader universe. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for your use of their services or for any use of your personal information by such third parties and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as ourselves. The presence of a third party link within the Services does not represent an endorsement of the content of that third party’s link and Booyah disclaims all liability arising from such content. 

**CHILDREN AND PRIVACY**  
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 years and children under the age of 13 are prohibited from using the Services. We will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. By using the Game, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years old. If we become aware that a customer is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove that user’s personal information. We recommend that all minors 13 years and older seek parental consent before sending information about themselves to any individual or over the Internet. 

**QUESTIONS**  
If you need any other information, please submit your requests or questions to privacy@booyah.com.
