> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the practicalclinicalskills.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315133459id_/http%3A//www.practicalclinicalskills.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Page

This Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of certain information we obtain in the course of your using this website.  You may access the Practical Clinical Skills (www.practicalclinicalskills.com) website without disclosing any Personal Data. However, you will be required to disclose Personal Data in order to access certain website services. We will take commercially reasonable steps to maintain the security and privacy of all personal information you may submit to us in the course of using the Practical Clinical Skills Website. 

Cookies  
We use a third-party advertising companies to serve ads. They may use cookies to serve ads on our site. Their use of cookies enables them to serve more relevant ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users learn more about, or may opt out of, the use of cookies by visiting the eHealthcare Solutions [Privacy Policy](http://ehealthcaresolutions.com/Privacy) or [TRUSTe page](http://preferences.truste.com/2.0/?type=ehs&affiliateId=151). 

Personally Identifiable Information Policy  
Our advertising partners may collect and store certain information automatically when you visit our website. eHealthcare Solutions may collect certain personally identifiable information you voluntarily submit on our website, or on other websites who partners with eHealthcare Solutions. eHealthcare Solutions may also automatically collect and store information when you view advertisements that appear on our website. Your personally identifiable information may be used to verify the accuracy of the information you submit, and all information collected (personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable) may be used for marketing purposes, to deliver more relevant advertising and content, and to improve your overall experience at this website. You can opt out of targeting based on your personal information or non-personally identifiable information (i.e., cookies, pixel tags, clear gifs and/or similar devices) gathered on this website by visiting the [TRUSTe page](http://preferences.truste.com/2.0/?type=ehs&affiliateId=151) and following the instructions. 

Except as described on this page, we will not share your Personal Data with third parties. Your use of the Practical Clinical Skills website constitutes your consent to the use of all forms of Personal as explained in this Privacy Policy. Medical Training and Simulation LLC, the owner of www.practicalclinicalskills.com reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and changes will be posted on the Website and will be effective upon posting. 

This website retains Personal Data only for so long as is necessary for its business purposes. Medical Training and Simulation LLC may make any and all Data available in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, to establish or support its own legal rights, to defend itself against legal claims of any party, or to enforce the Terms of Use. 
