> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 8seasons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101117183608id_/http%3A//www.8seasons.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice : Beads fits Pandora Wholesale, Charms fits Pandora Wholesale, Beads and Charms Wholesale From China Factory

 8Seasons is serious about privacy. How do we do this? We uses a secure server (128-bit SSL encryption) to encrypt all of your personal information. We use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information once it is in our records. **How we use information**  
Our site uses an order form allowing you to request information, products and services. Contact information (email address, telephone number, address, etc.) is also used to get in touch with you when necessary. 

We do not collect Financial information (credit card number, credit card expiration date, billing address, etc.) from you. PayPal is the secure payment method and has been integrated into our website. When you are sending payment, you will be shifted to PayPal website( which normally starts with <http://www.paypal.com/>......).  The PayPal account and password you input will be submitted to PayPal website, instead of ours. PayPal will never give us your PayPal account and password.

We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address may also be used to gather broad demographic information and to recognize customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information assists us in developing the design and layout of the site.To enhance your shopping experience, our site uses cookies. Cookies are alpha-numeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. Cookies make it possible for us to recognize you when you visit. By doing this, we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout. For the most rewarding shopping experience, your browser must be set to accept cookies.You may, from time to time, receive information from us about new features, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you'd like to opt out of receiving future email offers from us, please log in to your account. You will see a number of options for maintaining your account to unsubscribe news letter. This site may now, or in the future, contain links to other sites. 8Seasons is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such sites.By using our web site or purchasing product from us, you agree to the collection and use of information as set forth in this privacy policy. This policy may be updated at any time. We will post any changes to our privacy policy on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.  
**Popups and Spam**  
8Seasons does not use any type of pop-up advertising on our web site. Our true feelings about this ugly advertising is that each of us should have the choice whether or not we want to view what is offered.
