> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rifftrax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231222221id_/http%3A//www.rifftrax.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RiffTrax Privacy Policy | RiffTrax

**Privacy Policy**

You linked to this Privacy Policy via a product website owned by RiffTrax ("brand website"). This policy applies to all online communication with RiffTrax owned brands. When you provide us with online information through this Website, we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Please note that your visit to our Website is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.

At all times, we reserve the right to disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; to protect RiffTrax rights or property (including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of a RiffTrax company, affiliate, or brand, or substantially all of its assets), or during emergencies when safety is at risk, or for credit fraud protection and risk reduction purposes.

**1\. Information Collection and Use**  
We only collect personally identifiable information about you via this Website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service, or information. For example, if you decide to place an order, we will ask you for your delivery and billing address, phone number(s), email address, credit card number and its expiration date. If you decide to complete a user registration form or survey, we may ask you for information such as your contact information (e.g., name, e-mail address and mailing address), age group or birth date. When you submit your personally identifiable information on this Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. RiffTrax companies may use the information that you provide to fulfill your request for a product, information, or other service, or respond to an email or other request, as well as to create and deliver to you our newsletters or surveys, communications containing product information, usage tips or promotions, help improve our website(s) or services, or customize visitors' experience at our website(s). We do not share your credit card or other account information with unaffiliated third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or if it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service that you order. If you prefer not to receive email marketing communications from us or from third parties, please see Section 6 below. You cannot opt-out of receiving communications from RiffTrax (or third parties who may assist us) relating to a specific order or request for a product or service. If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.

We may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.  
This Website is intended for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at [support@rifftrax.com](mailto:support@rifftrax.com) if they want this information deleted from our files so that it is not in retrievable form. If we otherwise obtain knowledge that we have personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files so that it is not retrievable.

**2\. Ensuring Your Security**  
We use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced security protocol that protects your credit card information and ensures secure online ordering. SSL Internet connections are encrypted, and thus protect all credit card ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number, so it cannot be read in transit. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information.

**3\. Third Parties**  
We may rely on other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include data analysis firms, customer support specialists, webhosting companies, and fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings). We may share personally identifiable information with such third parties as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose. We may also share personally identifiable information with marketing partners or other direct marketers, so they can send you notices about their products or services. If you do not want to receive email marketing communications, see section 6 below for opt-out information.

Our website may offer links to and from other third party sites. Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. For example, you may have linked to the RiffTrax brand site through a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases the site you have linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.

**4\. Cookies**  
This Website or one of its advertisers, affiliates, or sponsors may decide to collect non-personal information about your use of our site and your use of the sites of selected sponsors and advertisers through the use of " Cookies ". Cookies are small computer files that are transfered to your computer's hard drive that allow us to know how often someone visits a site and the activities they conduct while on that site (such as the chatrooms you visited, whether you submitted orders for products, etc.). The information collected by cookies helps us dynamically generate advertising and content on web pages or in e-mails specifically designed for you and also allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and selected sponsors' and advertisers' sites, or opening our emails, and for what purposes. We may use cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements.

Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If you reject our cookie, certain of the functions and conveniences of our site may not work properly but you do not have to accept our cookie in order to productively use our site. While it may be possible to link non-personal cookie information to Personal Information collected in other ways, we want you to know that if you accept our cookie we will not, without your consent, link the cookie information we collect to Personal Information you provide to us on our site.

Sponsors, partners, advertisers, or affiliates on the site may also use their own cookies or web beacons when you click on their advertisement or link to their site or service, or even if the advertisement simply appears on a page or in an e-mail that you are viewing. Some advertisers use companies to serve their ads and to monitor users' responses to ads, and these companies ("Ad Servers") may also collect non-personal information through the use of cookies or web beacons on our Web site. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the site of an Ad Server or other third party acting on behalf of the sponsor, partner, advertiser, or affiliate before re-directing your browser to its proper destination.

We do not control these third parties' use of cookies or web beacons, or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. You should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from our site to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies or web beacons on their own sites. Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of cookies. In order to do so, you must opt-out of such data collection with each individual site.

**5\. Notification of Changes**  
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy.

**6\. Email Marketing**  
We want to communicate with you via email correspondence only if you want to hear from us. When you purchase a RiffTrax product, we may from time to time send you email messages describing new products, special offers, and great values. If for any reason you would no longer like to receive email messages from the RiffTrax brand you purchased, you can click on unsubscribe or visit our list manager web site at [http://server1.streamsend.com/streamsend/signup.php?cd=32261&ld=11](http://server1.streamsend.com/streamsend/signup.php?cd=32261&ld=11).

Your privacy is important to us, and for this reason we will never share or sell your email address with any third parties for direct marketing purposes. Please note, if you decide not to receive marketing emails from a RiffTrax brand, you may still receive “Transactional” email messages regarding your order (i.e. order confirmation, shipping information, customer service notifications, etc.) If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us at [support@rifftrax.com](mailto:support@rifftrax.com).

**7\. Information Sharing Preferences**  
We may share information with carefully selected vendors, business partners and other organizations that are not part of the RiffTrax family (as mentioned, your e-mail address is not shared). These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special opportunities and offers to you.

If you do not want us to share information you provide with vendors, business partners and other organizations that are not part of the RiffTrax family, please click on [support@rifftrax.com](mailto:support@rifftrax.com) or send a fax including your name, complete address and email address to 858-450-4482. Please note that these requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective.
