> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aldoshoes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161118230110id_/http%3A//www.aldoshoes.com/ca/en/privacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ALDO Canada | Shoes, Boots, Sandals, Handbags & Accessories

**_WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION DOES ALDO COLLECT?  
_**We may collect personal information from you when you save or otherwise provide your personal information to us, such as by setting up a user account and password, logging in as a registered user of [www.aldoshoes.com](https://web.archive.org/ca/en/), searching for a product, making an order for a product, providing information in your account (and you might have more than one, if you've used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us), interacting with us by phone, e-mail, or through our websites, mobile optimized websites, mobile applications or otherwise or if you complete an entry form to  participate in a contest, promotion or survey, whether online or at one of our retail stores. As a result of these actions, you might supply us with personal information, such as your name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone number(s), credit card information, names of people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and telephone numbers,  product interest information and financial information and in certain circumstances, your opinions and individual preferences. We may also maintain a record of your product interests and acquire information about you from our present and future affiliates or divisions, such as Feetfirst/Locale, Globo, Call it Spring/Spring and Stoneridge/Little Burgundy (collectively, " **ALDO Affiliates** "). When you visit our website, we may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include without limitation browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other device identifiers, location and date/time stamp. 

ALDO's website is directed for use by adults. ALDO does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. Those under age 13 should not use ALDO's website or provide ALDO with any personal information. 

**_FOR WHAT PURPOSES DOES ALDO COLLECT MY INFORMATION?_   
**ALDO may use your personal information to (i) process your order and to answer questions about the status of your order; (ii) send you or your friends, relatives or associates, products that you have ordered; (iii) maintain contact with you and provide you with ongoing personalized service; (iv) communicate with you (via e-mail, post or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information regarding our products, services, surveys, contests, promotions and special offers; (v) help us learn more about your shopping preferences; and (vi) conduct marketing and performance research, to assist us in measuring our customer service, benchmarking our performance and to help us improve our shopping experiences and product offerings. As provided below, you may always choose not to receive promotional materials or marketing information. 

**_DOES ALDO SHARE MY INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES?_   
**If you visit or purchase products on the [www.aldoshoes.com](https://web.archive.org/ca/en/) website, participate in a contest, survey, promotion or special offer, or shop at ALDO or any ALDO Affiliate, we may share your personal information with that ALDO Affiliate, so that it can communicate with you (whether by e-mail, post or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information about its products, services, contests, promotions and special offers that may be of interest to you, or collect and use that information subject to and for other purposes contemplated by this Policy. 

We do not sell or rent your personal information to non-affiliated third parties except as permitted by law. However, in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our business or another similar transaction, we may transfer or disclose your personal information to a purchaser or prospective purchaser, who may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes of evaluating the proposed transaction or operating and managing the affairs of the acquired business, or for other purposes identified in this Policy. 

We may transfer personal information to non-affiliated third parties for processing pursuant to agreements that prohibit the third parties from using or disclosing the personal information other than for the purpose of processing and which impose security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. 

We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, and as necessary to protect the property, interests and rights of ALDO and the ALDO Affiliates. 

ALDO's website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. These websites may collect your personal information.  This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties and ALDO doe not assume any responsibility for, and by using this website and/or accessing a third party's website from this website you release ALDO of any responsibility for, the actions, practices and omissions of third parties. Please check the privacy policy at each site you visit. 

**_HOW  CAN I EXERCISE MY CHOICES ABOUT RECEIVING PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS?_   
**We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us or other ALDO Affiliates, or if you do not want us to use your information to enhance your shopping experience, please let us know by using one of the following methods: (i) call us at 1-800-246-9405, or (ii) email us at [comments@aldogroup.com](mailto:comments@aldogroup.com), or (iii) send your request to ALDO Customer Services, 2300 Émile-Bélanger, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H4R 3J4. Please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us. It may take up to 2 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from ALDO or other ALDO Affiliates. You may also unsubscribe from ALDO Email services by using the unsubscribe link situated at the bottom of any promotional message you receive from ALDO. 

**_WHAT ARE COOKIES AND  HOW DOES ALDO USE COOKIES ON ITS SITE?_**   
We may use "cookies" to track your preferences and activities on the [www.aldoshoes.com](https://web.archive.org/ca/en/) website or an ALDO Affiliate's website.  Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer's hard-drive by a website. They keep a record of your preferences making your subsequent visits to the site more efficient. Cookies may store a variety of information, including, the number of times that you access a site, registration information and the number of times that you view a particular page or other item on the site. The use of cookies is a common practice adopted by most major sites to better serve their clients. Most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but they can be easily modified to block cookies; see your browser's help files for details on how to block cookies, how to know when you have received cookies and how to disable cookies completely. You can also opt-out by using the following link: [networkadvertising.org/choices/](https://networkadvertising.org/choices/). You should note, however, that without cookies, some of the website's functions will not be available, and the user will lose some of the benefits of the site. 

**_HOW CAN I ACCESS OR CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION, WITHDRAW MY CONSENT, OR MAKE INQUIRIES OR COMPLAINTS IN RELATION TO THIS POLICY AND ALDO'S PRIVACY PRACTICES?_**   
ALDO will ensure that the personal information it collects is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.  You are entitled to request access to and correction of your personal information collected by us. In order to make such a request, or if you have any questions or to make any complaint in relation to this Policy and ALDO's privacy practices, please contact our privacy officer by writing to: 

Privacy Officer   
The ALDO Group Inc.   
2300 Émile-Bélanger   
Montreal, Quebec   
H4R 3J4   
Canada 

If you have consented to the collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information as identified herein, please note that you can also withdraw your consent at any time by communicating with our privacy officer as provided above. 

**_HOW LONG IS PERSONAL INFORMATION RETAINED?_**   
We will keep your personal information only as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Policy or such longer period as may be required by applicable law. 

**_HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED?_**   
We have adopted appropriate measures to ensure the confidentiality of personal information and to safeguard personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification, in light of, among other things, the sensitivity of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used. Furthermore, each and every ALDO employee, mandatory or agent must abide by this Policy. 

**_MOBILE PRIVACY_**   
When you use our mobile optimized website or our mobile application, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. ALDO and our service providers may use and store this information to provide you with location based services, search results, and other personalized content. ALDO will provide notifications only to those customers who accept to receive such notifications. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device's setting's menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacturer of your particular device. 

**_ALDO PHOTO SHARE_**   
Thanks for sharing your photo with Aldo. We like your photo and would like to share on our social media. But first, we need your permission to use your photo in this way. Please review the terms and conditions below. If you agree with the fine print, respond to our request with **_#AldoLove_**

1\. By responding to our request with the hashtag **_#AldoLove_** you hereby grant to The ALDO Group Inc., its affiliates, subsidiaries, franchisees, advertising and promotional agencies, and their agents and representatives (collectively, “Aldo”), the irrevocable, unrestricted, royalty-free worldwide right to use, incorporate, publish, display, broadcast, edit, modify, prepare derivative works and distribute any materials, content, illustrations, photos, videos, comments, or information relating to the photo (hereinafter, “Material”) in whole or in part, including those bearing your name, voice, image, likeness, and/or any other identifiable representation of yourself (collectively, “Your Likeness”). The Material may appear in any form, style, color or medium throughout the world, whether now known or hereinafter devised, including without limitation, photographs, videotapes, films, sound recordings, software, drawings, prints, broadcast, in-store displays, internet, email, catalog, ALDO websites, ALDO social networking web pages, and all forms of print, radio, television, home-video, CD ROM, DVD, and other interactive “electronic” media, in perpetuity without any compensation, consideration or consent. 

2\. By responding to our request with the hashtag **_#AldoLove_** , you warrant and represent that: (a) you are the author of the Material and own all rights to use it or, alternatively, have the right to grant us the rights described above; (b) you have paid or will pay in full any fees or other payments that may be related to the use of the Material; (c) the Material does not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; (d) publication of the Material via various medias will not infringe on the rights of any third parties; (e) you have obtained permission from all persons whose name, voice, image, likeness and/or any other identifiable representation are included in the Material. You will indemnify and hold harmless Aldo from any claims to the contrary. 

3\. Aldo reserves the right to alter, change or modify the Material, in its sole discretion. You hereby waive any right you may have to inspect or approve the finished materials or any part or element thereof that incorporates Your Likeness. 

4\. By responding to our request with the hashtag **_#AldoLove_** , you hereby acknowledge and agree to the above in consideration of the opportunity given to you by Aldo to appear or have your Material appear in our promotional materials. You acknowledge that you have fully read and understand this document and that you have had any questions regarding its effect or the meaning of its terms answered to my satisfaction. You certify that you are at least 18 years of age. 

Last update: September 9th 2016 
