> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the re-markable.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140419101742id_/http%3A//re-markable.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « Re-Markable

#### Privacy Policy

Last Updated: January 14, 2014

 THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHICH DATA IS BEING COLLECTED WHEN YOU INSTALL OR USE Re-Markable BROWSER EXTENSION ADD-ON (the “ **SOFTWARE** ”) AND HOW SUCH DATA IS BEING COLLECTED AND USED. BY CONSENTING TO THIS POLICY IN THE INSTALLATION PROCESS, OR BY DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE OR BY USING ANY OF THE SERVICES INCLUDED IN THE SOFTWARE (“ **SERVICES** ”), YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONSENT TO OUR PRACTICES THAT THIS POLICY DESCRIBES.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

This policy is an integral part of the Software’s [Terms of Service](http://re-markable.net/terms-of-service/) and the terms and definitions will apply to this policy as well, unless stated otherwise.

We make great efforts to ensure that this Privacy Policy is as clear and comprehensive as possible. However, if you wish to receive further clarifications, you may contact our privacy compliance officer at: [support@re-markable.net](mailto:support@re-markable.net).

## What information do we collect?

We do not know your identity, we do not make efforts to reveal your identity, and our services are not based on knowing or sharing your identity.

We collect and use the IP address that an Internet service provider allocated to your device and that you use to access the Internet. In certain cases and given the legal authorization in the proper procedure, the IP address, together with other details, may lead to revealing the person who used the computer, for legal proceeding or other purposes as the law may authorize. However, we do not connect the IP address that was allocated to your device, with any information that can reasonably identify you and we do not make any efforts to know your identity. Therefore, unless you provide us specific identifying details, for example, when you contact us, the personal information that we collect will remain non-identifying.

We collect and retain some non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) such as the country in which the Internet service provider that allocated you the IP address to your device, is based, the type of browser that you use and its version, the Software installation date, the operating system that you use (type, version, CPU type), your default search provider, status of the Software installation, a unique user and affiliate ID generated by the Software and serve for internal use only, the web address of the Webpage you have visited, date and timestamp of marking the text and , the antivirus type you are using. This information enables us to provide you with the Services, and to customize it to your digital environment. We do not use it to reveal your identity.

To ensure the Software computability with other software and applications installed on your computer we may retain a list of some of the software installed on your computer.

## Why do we collect this information?

We collect your online behavior information in order to optimize and improve our services and the user online experience as well as targeting potential new users and providing the Services (or any part thereof). This information is statistically processed, for aggregated analytics, and enables us to better understand user’s preferences and interest. We may, in the future use this information to serve you with ads customized to your preferences. We may also use some of the information to know if you uninstalled the Software and therefore, to no longer provide you with the Services.

## How do we collect information?

When you install the Software and use the Services, We may collect and retain the stated information by using several technical modules. Such modules may include using your system’s reports to our servers as part of the installation process or as part of the advertisements may displayed to you, or by storing a cookie and pixel tag on your computer to help us better understand your online behavior and preferences.

A pixel tag (also known as “action tag” and “web beacon”) is a 1X1 pixels transparent object embedded in a web page to enable the display of optimized content and advertisements to end users.

A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a [web browser](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser) while a user is browsing a website. This cookie shall be stored until you delete it from your computer. At all times, you may choose not to accept cookies from Us or delete existing cookies, by accessing your browser preferences. However, some services or options provided by the Software or Services may be dependent on the use of cookies and not be available otherwise. We may also use raw logs which include some non-personally identifiable information about you as stated above (and is not allowing us to personally identify you in any manner). Such information is available in its form for less than 24 hours, before it becomes aggregative. Raw logs are plain text files containing information about visitors and their activity on certain websites.

## Third Party Services and Advertising:

We and the Services may use third party services to provide you with the Services and to serve you with advertisements using Our or third party’s technology. For further information about such third parties and data collection practices of such technologies please visit Our [advertising modules privacy policy](http://re-markable.net/advertising-modules-privacy-policy/). Such third parties services may also collect data about your visits and usage of the Software using cookies as well subject to their own privacy policies.

The data collection practices of these third parties are out of Our control and you are advised to contact them directly for more information about their own privacy policies.

## How do We process this information?

We process your Information and create statistical and aggregated information in order to allow optimized and improved services and to enhance the user online experience by providing the Services. This aggregated information also allows us to target potential new users and to better understand users’ preferences and interest.

## With whom do we share information about you?

We may share your information with others for the following purposes:

  * To provide the Services, through Our technology, Our affiliates, service providers and/or business partners;
  * If the ownership or management of our Services is transferred to another entity as a result of a merger or an acquisition;
  * We may share the information with affiliated companies such as subsidiaries, sister-companies and parent companies to enhance our and our affiliates’ ability to provide and offer our and their services;
  * In any event of a legal dispute, or subject to an order of a competent authority;
  * We may share your information in its aggregated form with our selected business partners;



## How do we secure information about you?

We use industry standard information security tools and measures, and internal procedures to prevent information misuse and data leakage. Our employees and contractors access the information on a ‘need-to-know’ basis and subject to confidentiality obligations.

The measures and procedures that We employ substantially reduce the risks of data misuse, but we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately, and we will take all measures to investigate the incident and take preventive measures, as required.

## For how long do we retain the information?

We retain different types information for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes (such as tax issues, accounts settling, record keeping and legal issues) as well as pursuant to legal requirements under the applicable law.

We may keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information, when we no longer need to process the information.

In any case, as long as you use the Service, we will keep information about you, unless we are required by law to delete it, or if we decide to remove it at our discretion.

Please note that we will retain and disclose information to satisfy orders issued by courts and government authorities, and we may not give any notice to you or anyone else about the disclosure.

## Choice

At all times, you can choose not to allow Us any further collection of personal information through the Services. You can do it by either uninstalling the Software, or by contacting Us and providing us sufficient details to identify the online User ID that was allocated to you.

At all times, you may choose not to accept cookies from third parties who may serve advertisements (or customized advertisements) through the Software, remove their cookies and accordingly to stop receiving ads by these third parties, by accessing your browser preferences.

## Important notice about children’s privacy

The Software or Services are not offered for use by minors, who are under 18 years old. We do not intentionally collect personal information about minors, and if we learn that you are a minor and provided us your personally identifiable information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our databases.

We encourage parental monitoring of their children’s online activities. Any parent can contact Us at: [support@re-markable.net](mailto:support@re-markable.net) if he or she believes that a minor used the Software or Services with a request to delete his/her child’s information and We will respond favorably to these requests.

## Can we change our privacy policy?

We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to address new regulation or with accordance to new features or any changes within the Services. Therefore you must look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes.

You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in the terms of this policy. Continuing to use the Service will indicate your acceptance of the amended terms. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Services.

## Who can you contact if you feel your privacy was violated?

If you have any questions about our Privacy statement, the practices of it or if you feel your privacy have been violated, you may contact our privacy compliance officer, at: [support@re-markable.net](mailto:support@re-markable.net). Our privacy compliance officer will review your request within reasonable time and respond as early as possible
