> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quicken.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010605092711id_/http%3A//www106.quicken.com/support/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Quicken.com Privacy Statement

At Intuit, we dedicate ourselves to revolutionizing the way individuals manage their financial lives and small businesses manage their business. In that effort, we respect and protect the privacy of those who visit or use our Web sites. We want you to know how your information is used. To demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices, we have adopted leading industry privacy guidelines. Intuit is a Premier Sponsor of TRUSTe and a member of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.

This privacy statement defines privacy aspects specific to the Quicken.com Web site and affiliated Intuit Web servers (referred to as the "Quicken Web sites"). It serves as an adjunct to the [Intuit Online Privacy Policy](http://privacy.intuit.com/policies/), which represents our general privacy philosophy and governs all of our Web sites. The Quicken Web sites' privacy practices are consistent and compliant with that policy.

Federal legislation requires us to provide Quicken.com users who register for tools, planners and personalized services with a description of our information collection and sharing practices. To view the notice, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/support/privacy/GLB/).

Because of the financial nature of our business, our Web sites are not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. Therefore, we don't knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children.

Our Philosophy and Practices

We want to give you the comfort and confidence you need to fully participate in our online offerings so that we can better serve your needs. Therefore, here are the principles governing our information practices and other privacy aspects of our Web sites:

  * We provide you notice of our Web site information practices.
  * We tell you how and why we use Web technologies.
  * We give you choices about how the personally identifiable information that you provide us may be used.
  * We let you update or correct the personally identifiable information that you provide us.
  * We work to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration.
  * We provide various ways for you to contact us about our information practices and other aspects of privacy.

We provide you notice of our web site information practices.

To maximize the value of our services, we may request information from you when you visit our Web sites. When we collect information from you, we'll tell you what is being collected, how it is collected, by whom it is being collected, why it is being collected and to whom it may be disclosed.

Here is how and why we collect and use information from you:

  * **Registration for Tools, Planners and Personalized Services.** We provide a number of tools, planners and other interactive advisors to help you manage your financial life, some of which require registration. When you register, you select a member name by which we will know you, choose a password and provide us an e-mail address and ZIP code. By registering, you can: 
    * save your financial and account information such as investment portfolios and financial accounts for later review and update 
    * download your banking, investment and credit card statements 
    * create a personalized finance page. 

You use the member name and password to gain access to your portfolio and account information. We use the e-mail address that you provide to contact you if you choose to receive e-mail alerts or other communications from us. We may use the ZIP code to provide more personalized content and promotions. Some of our financial planners require more specific demographic information such as age or gender in order to calculate life expectancy.

Occasionally we may also use your e-mail address to offer you the opportunity to provide us input via surveys that will help us improve our products and services.

For access to banking, investment, and credit card statement download services, we ask you to provide additional information. We use this information to verify your accounts with your financial institutions and to provide you with access to the services you are requesting. Additional information required may include name, social security number, account number, mother's maiden name and personal identification number (PIN). We do not share this information with third parties except as required to fulfill the services you have requested.

  * **Calculators.** We provide a wide range of tax, home ownership, insurance and other calculators to help you make the best financial decisions for you and your family. The financial information you provide when using these tools is used strictly to perform the calculations requested as you try various "what if" scenarios. We do not collect this information nor link it to any personally identifiable information. Once you close the tool, none of the information used in these calculations is saved. 
  * **Quicken Bill Manager.** Quicken Bill Manager is a Web-based service that allows you to view and pay your bills on the Internet. In addition to offering this service independently, Quicken co-brands view payment and presentment services with select partners such as AOL. The personally identifiable information you provide: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, social security number, date of birth and mother's maiden name will be used to verify your identity and to contact you regarding the service. In some cases, we may contact you regarding additional services we think may be of interest to you. Prior to contacting you, we will provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your contact information shared or used in this way. All bank account and financial transaction information is used only to provide you with access to the services you are requesting. We do not share your financial information with third parties except as required to fulfill the services you have requested. On our co-branded sites, our privacy statement and our partner's privacy statement will be posted. Please also review our partner's privacy statement to learn how they manage your personally identifiable information. 
  * **Quicken Quotes Live (Subscription Service).** When you sign up for our subscription service, you will be asked to select a user name and password, and to provide us with your full name, address, ZIP code, phone number and e-mail. We use your user name and password to verify your identity, which is required to provide you access to your market data and personal account information. We also ask for your credit card number to process your initial and all subsequent payments. The contact information is required to establish your quote service with the exchanges of your choice. Your e-mail address will be used as our primary source of contact with you regarding your service. In the event that you receive Quicken Quotes Live newsletters that you no longer wish to receive, you may unsubscribe at the subscription center or by following the instructions provided in each e-mail newsletter. We do not share this information with third parties except as required to fulfill your request for service. 
  * **Quicken Mobile.** Quicken Mobile allows you to access certain features of Quicken.com from your wireless device. As a registered Quicken.com user, Quicken Mobile will ask you to enter your user name and password via your wireless device. We use this information to verify your identity, which is required to view your investment portfolios and alerts (registration is not required to view individual stock quotes, market information and news). No other personal information is collected, and none of your data entered or accessed through Quicken Mobile is shared with any third parties except as required to fulfill your request for service. 
  * **Newsletters.** We provide you the opportunity to subscribe to e-mail newsletters and other e-mail communications. You may unsubscribe at the subscription center or by following the instructions provided in each e-mail newsletter. 
  * **Message Boards and Chat.** We provide you the opportunity to engage other members in dialogue about finances and related topics through our message boards. These message boards are provided through The Motley Fool, and are subject to their privacy policy at <http://www.fool.com/community/register/privacystatement.htm>. Intuit is not responsible for the privacy practices of The Motley Fool. 
  * **Customer Service/Support.** In order to provide you with customer service, we ask for your name and e-mail address. We may use your contact information in order to contact you regarding service updates or specific support questions and may contact you for additional opportunities to provide feedback on our products and services. Providing your name is optional. 
  * **Contests and Surveys.** From time to time, we may offer you the option to participate in contests or surveys. If you would like to participate, we may ask you for contact information, preferences, or other information. This information may be used to conduct research, improve our offerings, or award prizes. Our contests may have separate rules and we will identify how the information that you supply will be used in each case. 
  * **Quicken TurboTax for the Web.** Quicken TurboTax for the Web is an Intuit-owned and operated service that assists you in preparing and filing your taxes via the Internet. Privacy practices specific to Quicken TurboTax for the Web are discussed in a separate privacy statement located at <http://www.turbotax.com/privacy.html>. 
  * **Quicken Insurance.** Insurance services are provided by InsWeb Corporation of Sacramento, CA. Any personally identifiable information such as: name, address, e-mail, or insurance information that you provide will not be shared with Intuit. Intuit is not responsible for the privacy practices of InsWeb. We encourage you to review the InsWeb privacy policy at <http://www.insweb.com/privacy.shtml>. 
  * **Mortgage/QuickenLoans.** Quicken Loans offers assistance with home loans. Privacy practices specific to Quicken Loans are discussed in a separate privacy statement located at [Quicken Loans](http://quickenloans.quicken.com/Help/security.asp). 

More on our general information practices.

  * **Mandatory and Optional Information.** We identify the information that is necessary to fulfill your request. Whenever we ask for additional or optional information, we identify those fields appropriately so that you know what is required to provide the requested service. 
  * **Co-branded and Third-Party Sites.** Our co-branded sites are clearly identified by both an Intuit and a partner's logo. The Quicken Web sites may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as those of our business partners and online advertisers. On these sites either Intuit or its partners may collect information about you. Intuit is not responsible for the actions of these third parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personally identifiable information. 
  * **E-mail Message Formatting.** When sending you e-mail we may automatically collect technical information that allows us to format messages that best align with your computer's capabilities. This data is used solely to enhance the presentation of the content you receive. 
  * **Service Providers.** In some cases, we will employ or work with service providers such as consultants, temporary workers, third party software developers or outsourcers to complete a business process or provide a service on our behalf. For example, we may use service providers to deliver products, to offer online software applications, or to send e-mails on our behalf. When we employ service providers, we may need to share your personally identifiable information. Service providers are strictly prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for purposes other than to act on our behalf. 
  * **Changes to Our Privacy Policies.** If we plan to make significant changes to any of our privacy policies or practices with respect to how we use personally identifiable information, we'll post those changes to this privacy statement 30 days before they take effect. 
  * **Legal Disclosure.** In some cases we may be required to disclose certain information to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant. 

We tell you how and why we use Web technologies.

Here is how and why we use some common Web technologies to help manage our Web sites:

  * **Cookies.** A "cookie" is a small piece of information that our Web site may provide to your browser while you are at our sites. The Quicken Web sites supply your browser with cookies that contain a unique identifier used to better understand Web site usage in the aggregate so that we know what areas of our site users prefer (e.g., based on the number of visits to those areas). These cookies are not linked to the personally identifiable information that you provide us elsewhere on the site. If you are a registered user on the Quicken Web sites, you will receive an additional cookie when you login. This cookie is maintained by your browser and contains your identifier. This cookie is also used to authenticate your identity and provide you with access to areas of our Web site that are limited to registered users, such as those that allow you to view and manage your portfolio or accounts. You do not have to accept cookies from our site. Only the areas that require registration require cookies. Should you decide that you would like to register and login to special areas of the Web site and you have modified your browser settings not to accept cookies, you will need to re-set your browser to accept the cookies that we send it. Otherwise, we will not be able to let you participate in certain areas of the Web sites. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies. Advertising networks that serve ads on this Web site may assign different cookies to you. Those cookies may be used to track your involvement with the advertising on our site. You may choose not to accept these cookies. Intuit does not control those parties. You should review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use private information. If you have questions about our ad serving networks, please contact us at [privacy@intuit.com](https://orderupdate.intuit.com/privacy.asp?topic=privacy&). 
  * **Web Site Usage Data.** With or without cookies, our Web site keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. We use this data to better understand Web site usage in the aggregate so that we know what areas of our Web site users prefer. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting. This log information is not linked to personally identifiable information gathered elsewhere on the site. 

We give you choices about how the personally identifiable information that you provide us may be used.

We give you the opportunity to keep us from using or sharing the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us for purposes other than to fulfill your request. We will provide you the opportunity to opt-out of secondary uses of personally identifiable information you provide us, whenever we gather it. Simply notify us during the information collection process or contact us at http://privacy.intuit.com/.

We let you update or correct the personally identifiable information that you provide us.

At our Web site, we provide you the opportunity to update or correct your contact, account, portfolio, and banking, investing and credit card statement download information. You may review and update your bill payment and viewing services information by phoning Quicken Bill Manager Customer Support.

We work to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration.

We employ industry recognized security safeguards to help protect the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us from loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration. Whenever we prompt you to transmit sensitive information, such as a credit card number, to us through our Web site, we support encryption of your data as it is transmitted to us.

We work to protect personally identifiable information stored on the sites' servers from unauthorized access using industry standard available computer security products, such as firewalls, as well as carefully developed security procedures and practices. All employees must review and sign a written statement with these practices, which include limiting access to sensitive information to only those employees who require the information and enforcing strict password protocols for all employees. In addition, a username and password are required for you to use, view or change application or interview information. We use both internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security measures on a regular basis.

We provide various ways for you to contact us about our information practices and other aspects of privacy.

Questions regarding the Quicken Web sites' privacy statement, our online privacy policy, our information practices or other aspects of privacy on our Web sites should be directed to us at [privacy@intuit.com.](https://orderupdate.intuit.com/privacy.asp?topic=privacy&)

If we have not responded to your inquiry, or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact TRUSTe.

Last Updated 4/2/01
