> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191214085024id_/https%3A//quid.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Quid

At Quid®, we are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. It’s yours, it matters to you, and we get that. This Privacy Policy is to let you know what information we use and collect from users of [www.quid.com](http://www.quid.com/) and other Quid URLs and websites (collectively, the “Sites”), the Quid software platform (“Quid Platform”), any of our services (“Services”), and on behalf of our clients. The Sites and the Quid Platform shall be included in the definition of Services for purposes of this Privacy Policy.  


This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that is processed by Quid in the course of offering and operating the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Quid [Terms of Service](https://quid.com/terms-and-conditions) (“the “Terms”). By using our Sites or Services, you expressly agree to Quid’s collection, storage, use, processing and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**E.U. GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION**

Quid has taken steps in an effort to comply with the EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (“GDPR”) as set forth by the Council of the European Union and European Parliament, which became enforceable May 25, 2018, regarding the collection, use, transmission, processing, and retention of personal identifiable data of natural persons from European Union member countries. The GDPR is meant to strengthen the security and protection of personal data and to harmonize data protection laws throughout the EU. 

What this means is that we at Quid are committed to protecting your data in a secure and transparent manner. Quid processes, uses, and exchanges personal data for our legitimate business purposes only in the limited uses described herein. 

The Quid Platform only requires basic personal information from our users, such as name and email address, to facilitate user management, usage monitoring and provide our Services. Such data is stored in the Quid Platform infrastructure as well as with external vendors to the extent necessary to provide Quid’s Services. Quid does not use personal information for any purpose outside of providing the Services as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

[privacy@quid.com](mailto:pprivacy@quid.com). For more information, see “Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure and Restriction” below. 

To learn more about our obligations, and your rights under the GDPR, please visit [https://eugdpr.org](https://eugdpr.org/). 

**INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OUR SITES AND SERVICES**

  1. **Information You Provide:  ** If you contact us or register to receive our newsletter, create an account with us, purchase products or services, send us an email, or share personal information with us in any other way, we collect the information you share. Depending on what information you choose to provide, this may include your name, email address or billing information. You do not always have to share this information with us, but without it, you may not be able to access certain content or features or use certain Services. 
  2. **Posted:  ** If you post information on public areas of the Sites, the Services (or elsewhere on the Internet) that information may be collected and used by anyone, including Quid. 
  3. **Automatic Collection:**  We and third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services. We use technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Sites, Services, applications, and to recognize you across devices. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly. We also use third party analytics such as Google Analytics to gather and analyze aggregated anonymous user information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. 
  4. **Information from Other Sources:** We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. This information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Quid and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services. 



**HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?**

The short answer is that we generally use this information to help Quid provide you with better service, which in turn helps cover the cost of providing our Sites and our Services. Among other things, the information we collect can enable Quid to: 

  * to provide the Services 
  * fulfill your requests for Services and validate your user rights 
  * provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Quid’s Services 
  * contact and communicate with you 
  * conduct research and analysis on behalf of Quid and/or Quid’s clients 
  * provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients 
  * customize the content and advertising you see 
  * provide you with additional information we think is of interest to you 
  * measure interest in Quid’s Services 
  * research and develop new products and Services 
  * ensure internal quality control 
  * provide you with customer or technical support 
  * process payment for products and services 
  * prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities 
  * when we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, research purposes (including marketing research), network and information security, fraud prevention and enforcement of legal claims 
  * use information for purposes which you otherwise consent to 



**WHEN DO WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?**

Quid will not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties for their own purposes without your consent, except as specified in this Privacy Policy. 

  * **Anonymous Information.**   The Services may track the total number of visitors to the Services, the number of visitors to each page of the Services, browser type, IP addresses, external websites linked to and other usage statistics collected and used in aggregate form collected through the Services and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may freely share anonymous user information with others, such as clients, advertisers, sponsors and business partners. 
  * **Personally Identifiable Information.**   In more limited circumstances, we may share personally identifiable information we have collected. For example: 
    * Your personal information may be transferred to any service providers who assist us in providing the Services, like technical agents, payment processing vendors, companies that help us market and advertise to you, other subcontractors, and our affiliates, agents and consultants. 
    * If you give us permission, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who may send you marketing and promotional information. 
    * As in any transaction, if you provide your credit card information to us for purchases, your credit card company will be provided with relevant information about us, services purchased, cost and other information necessary to process the transaction. 
    * We may disclose your personal information if permitted or required by law, or where we reasonably believe such action is necessary in order to protect or defend our interests or the interests of our employees or users or business partners, such as to protect, establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, threats to our property, suspected fraud, or violation of [Quid’s Terms of Service](https://quid.com/terms-and-conditions). 
    * We may share personally identifiable information during due diligence or in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation. 



**INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS**

You agree that all personal information submitted to or collected via or by Quid may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. We will endeavor to ensure that international transfers of personal information are supported by an adequacy mechanism (where required by law).  

**OPT-OUT (RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSING) COMMUNICATIONS, OPT-OUT AND ACCESS**

You have the right to object to and opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. Where you have consented to Quid’s processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of further processing by sending an email to [privacy@quid.com](mailto:privacy@quid.com). Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal information regarding your activities on our Sites and/or information from the advertisements on Third-Party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements. 

If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding Quid and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications ( _e.g._ , communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy). 

**THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES**

The Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Site or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Quid does not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites, services or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. 

In addition, third parties may directly gather anonymous user information from users of our Sites through automated means such as cookies. For example, companies who place ads on our Sites may set their own cookies or use other automated mechanisms that gather anonymous user information. This Privacy Policy does not cover how third parties gather and use such data. 

**RIGHTS OF ACCESS, RECTIFICATION, ERASURE AND RESTRICTION**

You may inquire as to whether Quid is processing personal information about you, request access to personal information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your personal information where it is inaccurate. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to [privacy@quid.com](mailto:privacy@quid.com) or use any of the methods set out in this Privacy Policy to request access to, receive (port), seek rectification, or request erasure of personal information held about you by Quid. Please include your full name, email address associated with your Account, and a detailed description of your data request. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws. 

Although Quid makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their personal information, there may be circumstances in which Quid is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question, where the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or where it is commercially proprietary. If Quid determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Quid will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your personal information. 

**DATA RETENTION**

Quid retains the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. 

**SECURITY**

We take your security seriously and take reasonable steps to protect and secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure, including through secure sockets layer, password protection and, for certain transmissions to our Services, encryption. Any information collected by Quid is stored on servers that Quid manages, using standard security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information. Although we take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information, please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Quid cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Sites or Services and you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.  

**CHILDREN’S DATA**

The Services are not directed to children under 16 years of age, and Quid does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@quid.com. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 16 years old, we will promptly take steps to delete such information. 

**CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS**

Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, also known as the “Shine the Light Law,” any of our users who are California residents are entitled to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared, the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, and their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address Quid Inc., One California St, 23rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. In your request, please specify that you want a “California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least thirty days for a response. 

**CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, Quid’s privacy practices or how to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority, please email us at privacy@quid.com. 

You can also contact us by mail at Quid Inc., One California St, 23rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94111. 

**CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY**

Quid reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Quid will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). 

Effective as of November 14, 2019
