> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quikly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130826155515id_/https%3A//www.quikly.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Quikly | Privacy Policy

**_Last updated: March 13th, 2013_**

Thank you for using Quikly™ and visiting our website. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to memorialize our data collection and disclosure practices for our website and its related tools and services, including any mobile application or website provided by us (collectively, the "Services"). The Services are owned and operated by Quikly LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Quikly," "we," "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the Services, as well as other information provided to us online by customers or users of our website or mobile application; however, it does not apply to information collected from our employees, contractors or vendors. Specifically, this Privacy Policy applies to persons using our site to receive and take advantage of special offers, and anyone else using or browsing our website or mobile application. 

**Consent**

At Quikly, we work with third party merchants to offer "Quiklys" -- offers to purchase products and services at a discounted price. The quicker you move, the deeper the discount! By using the Services, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Services or our website or mobile application. Information gathered through the Services may be transferred, used, and stored in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions in which we, our agents, customers and other users of the Services are located. If you access the Services, you consent to the transfer, use and storage of your Personal Information (as defined below) in those jurisdictions. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. You further agree that all transactions relating to the Services shall be deemed to have occurred in the United States. 

**Collection of Personal Information**

We collect Personal Information in connection with our Services. When we use the term "Personal Information" we are talking about information that can be used to identify an individual and may include, but is not limited to, your first and last name, user ID, password, gender, date of birth, postal address, email address, cell phone number, the name of the college or university you attend, your brand preferences and "likes", the names of your friends, and any profile information you choose to submit through our website or application, as well as (if applicable) your company name and contact information. Quikly or its payment provider may also collect credit, debit or other billing account information. You may always choose not to provide Personal Information, but this may prevent you from receiving certain Services. 

If you choose to use our website's social networking function to post information to Facebook, Twitter or another social networking site, we may collect your user ID and password information for that social networking site as necessary to make it easier for you to post to that site or to log in using your social networking credentials, and we may collect any other information, including Personal Information, which you specifically authorize us to collect from your social networking accounts. While we do not store social network passwords on our servers, we may store any other social network-related information that you authorize us to collect.  

Specifically, and without limiting the foregoing, the Services may allow users to access "Facebook Connect" to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through your Wall and through friends' News Feeds. If you are already logged into the Services and Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" you will be prompted to merge your profiles. By proceeding, you are allowing us to access your name, e-mail address, sex, and date of birth, to the extent you have made or make those facts available to Facebook. 

You can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect the Facebook Connect service by visiting the Facebook Application Settings page. 

Quikly may also collect Non-Personal Information (aggregate, non-individually identifiable or demographic information). An example of Non-Personal Information would be system-related information such as IP addresses, use information, browser and browser speed, bandwidth of your Internet connectivity, general location of your device or server and the pages of our website that were viewed during a visit. We use this information for internal purposes to help us diagnose problems, monitor traffic patterns and otherwise continually improve our Services, and we may otherwise use or share Non-Personal Information for any purpose in our sole discretion. 

Please note that the Services may provide links to third party sites, such as links to the websites of the third-party organizations, businesses, and merchants who have agreed to make special discounts available to you through Quikly. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or the content of websites owned by others that you may link to or that may be linked from the Services. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of service of those websites so that you understand how those websites collect, use and share any Personal Information. 

**Use of Personal Information**

Quikly uses the Personal Information in marketing free products or discount deals to you through the Quikly platform; setting up your account; improving online operations; processing transactions (for example, any credit, debit or other billing account information collected from you will only be used to process transactions requested by you); sending text messages to your cell phone to inform you about special offers; providing customer service; providing you with newsletters, RSS feeds, and/or other communications or services which you have signed up for or otherwise agreed to receive (for example, messages about special offers); displaying content that is customized to your interests or preferences (for example, we may target you with select custom ads, messages and offers, basing our selections on information, such as brand preferences, that you provided to Quikly when you registered); sending account- or transaction-related communications such as welcome letters and transaction confirmations; performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and managing our systems. In addition, when you purchase Quikly offers, we may share your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information with the Partnering Brands (as defined below) responsible for providing the services or products underlying the specific offers you accepted. If you do not wish for a Partnering Brand to receive your Personal Information, please contact us at [**info@quikly.com**](mailto:info@quikly.com) prior to purchasing a Quikly, and we will not share your information with the relevant entity. We will only use your Personal Information in the way we specified when it was collected (including as described in this Privacy Policy). 

**Disclosure of Personal Information**

We may disclose your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to our trusted providers of discounts and deals that we partner with ("Partnering Brands"), but only to the extent that we deem such disclosure necessary, in our sole discretion, to deliver products or services that you have requested (including but not limited to facilitating your receipt or acceptance of offers or coupons or fulfillment or redemption of offers or coupons). In addition, we may disclose Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to companies, agents, contractors, service providers or others engaged to perform functions on our behalf (such as processing of payments, provision of data storage, hosting of our website, marketing of our products and services, conducting audits, and performing web analytics). 

We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties when we believe, in good faith and in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) enforce or apply the terms and conditions of the Services, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (b) comply with legal or regulatory requirements or an enforceable governmental request, (c) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or other third parties, (d) prevent a crime or protect national security, or (e) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also disclose Non-Personal Information to our clients, business partners, merchants, advertisers, investors, potential buyers and other third parties if we deem such disclosure, in our sole discretion, to have sound business reasons or justifications. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms of Use, we do NOT sell, rent, share or trade your Personal Information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so. 

Please note also that if you choose to use our social networking function to post information to Facebook, Twitter or another social networking site, anyone who has access to your information through that other site will be able to see your information. 

Quikly reserves the right to transfer information (including your Personal Information) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership of our business. Finally, Quikly may disclose Non-Personal Information to marketing partners (including without limitation Partnering Brands), service providers, or other companies. 

**Accessing and Updating Personal Information**

When you use our Services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backups), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. 

Please e-mail us at [**info@quikly.com**](mailto:info@quikly.com) with any questions, if you need assistance accessing or changing your Personal Information, or if you would like to have your Personal Information deleted. Please be aware that if you delete your Personal Information, you may not be able to continue to use our website or the Services. Also, even if you request that we delete your Personal Information, we may need to retain certain Personal Information for a limited period of time to satisfy our legal, audit and/or dispute resolution requirements. 

**Cookies and Automatic Information Gathering Technologies**

Non-Personal Information (including aggregate, technical or demographic information) can also be collected through the operation of our internet servers and logs as well as other automatic data collection tools such as "cookies," "beacons" and other similar technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that is recorded either temporarily or persistently on your hard drive and that a website can use in order to recognize visitors who revisit a website so as to facilitate their ongoing access to and use of the website. "Beacons" are graphics designed to collect web log information such as pages viewed or messages opened. Information we may collect through cookies and beacons includes your browser type, language preference, operating system, referring website (if applicable), the date and time of each user visit or request, the pages visited on our website, and any registries, message boards or other discussion forums visited. We may also collect statistical information about the behavior of visitors to our website on an aggregated, anonymous basis. Any information collected on our website through the use of cookies, beacons or similar technologies will not be shared with third parties for behavioral advertising or targeting purposes. 

Cookies can be prevented by activating the facility that is available in most web browsers that enables the user to deny or accept cookies. Recognize, however, that cookies may be necessary in order to provide certain features such as the customized delivery of certain information. We do not use cookies, beacons or similar technologies to collect Personal Information as part of the Services. 

**International Users**

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from users residing outside the United States. We do not authorize anyone residing outside of the United States to use the Services. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a user residing outside the United States, we will deactivate that user's account, if the user has created an account, and delete all of that user's account data from our systems. 

**Children**

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from users under 13 years of age. We do not authorize users under 13 years of age to use the Services or our website. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. 

**Information Security**

We utilize reasonable information security measures to safeguard your Personal Information. For example, we utilize Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology when data is transmitted over the Internet, we have installed firewalls to help prevent external access into our network, and we use password protection and IP recognition for login. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet and no method of data storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its security. 

We restrict direct access to Personal Information stored on our servers to Quikly employees, contractors, service providers and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services or website. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. 

**Your California Privacy Rights**

A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California Customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed. 

However, it is our understanding that a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. 

We will not share your Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure - typically by agreeing to this Privacy Policy and thereby authorizing the sharing practices described herein, or by opting in to receive information from a third party through our website. 

To prevent disclosure of your Personal Information for use in direct marketing by a third party for its own purposes, do not accept this Privacy Policy and do not opt in to or authorize such use when you provide Personal Information on our website. Please note that whenever you choose to share your Personal Information with a third party or allow your Personal Information to be shared with a third party to communicate with you (such as to facilitate your acceptance and/or receipt of special offers from Partnering Brands), or whenever you accept a Quikly offer and thereby consent to Quikly sharing your Personal Information with the relevant Partnering Brand for their direct marketing purposes, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. 

California Customers may request further information about our compliance with California's privacy law by e-mailing [**info@quikly.com**](mailto:info@quikly.com). Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address. 

**Public Message Boards and Other Online Forums**

Please note that when you choose to post messages and/or profile content on messages boards and other online forums that we may make available on our website, such content is viewable by third parties and, in the case of public online forums and your public profile, is publicly viewable. Accordingly, you should exercise discretion with regard to what Personal Information you post on our website and should not post highly confidential or sensitive information. Quikly is not responsible for how third parties who view your Personal Information may use this information (such as to send you unsolicited messages). 

**Changes to this Policy**

Quikly may modify or update this Privacy Policy periodically with or without prior notice by posting the updated policy on this page. You can always check the "Last Updated" date at the top of this document to see when the Privacy Policy was last changed. We may also post a notice of changes to this Privacy Policy on our website. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your affirmative or opt-in consent or your continued use of our website or Services following the posting of an updated Privacy Policy constitutes your consent to the contents of such policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST STOP USING OUR WEBSITE AND SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES, IN WHICH CASE THE PRIOR, UNMODIFIED VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY WILL CONTINUE TO CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. 

_Questions_

To ask questions about our Privacy Policy or to lodge a complaint, contact us at: 

Quikly LLC  
Attn: Privacy Matters  
1555 Broadway Street, Suite 350  
Detroit, MI 48226  
Email: [**info@quikly.com**](mailto:info@quikly.com)
