> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quixapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007061340id_/http%3A//quixapp.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Quix

## In short

Quix keeps no logs other than the logs needed for continuous (performance) optimization of the service. We will not share our logs, or any custom command files without the explicit permission of those that created the command file.

## Analytics

This website uses a web analytics tools (namely Google Analytics) and other measurement tools to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for quixapp.com.

We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendor does not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

## External Links

This site contains (affiliate) links to other sites. Quixapp.com and its authors are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.

## Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

## Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using our feedback system.

  

