> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quizyourfriends.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061230115441id_/http%3A//www03.quizyourfriends.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# QuizYourFriends - Privacy Policy

QuizYourFriends.com is an Internet service owned and operated by QuizYourFriends LLC ("QuizYourFriends"). QuizYourFriends respects your privacy and has written this Privacy Policy so that you are aware of the information QuizYourFriends collects about you and how it is used. Please note that the terms QuizYourFriends and QuizYourFriends.com are used interchangeably within this Privacy Policy.

If you feel that QuizYourFriends is not abiding by its posted Privacy Policy, please contact QuizYourFriends via registered mail to:

      QuizYourFriends.com Policy Dept.  
      QuizYourFriends, Inc.  
      PO Box 62666  
      Cincinnati, OH 45262

**I. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING:**  
QuizYourFriends.com uses DoubleClick and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here <<http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>>. Neither QuizYourFriends.com nor third-party advertisers are responsible for the user-added portion contained within QuizYourFriends.com e-mails, quiz content, quiz scoreboard, or any other content associated with the QuizYourFriends.com service.

**II. CO-BRANDED WEBSITES:**  
QuizYourFriends.com from time to time collaborates with third parties to make additional services available to you. For example, clicking on the "Cash Games" link will take you to QuizYourFriends.com Cash Games powered by SkillJam.com, operated by Game Universe, Inc. Information such as IP address may be automatically collected from you upon visiting the Cash Games site. This information and other information provided by you upon your establishing an account or registering for participation in any QuizYourFriends.com Cash Games game or tournament is jointly owned by QuizYourFriends.com and Game Universe, Inc., and may be used by us subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policy accessible on the Cash Games site. You must read the terms and conditions and privacy policy for the Cash Games site prior to using any portion of the Cash Games site. All other information collected from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and unrelated to the Cash Games site shall remain the sole property of us and will only be used as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**III. THIRD PARTY COOKIES:**  
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies may be used by QuizYourFriends to enable QuizYourFriends.com to track and target the interests of QuizYourFriends.com users to enhance their experience on QuizYourFriends.com. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on QuizYourFriends.com. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use QuizYourFriends.com. Some of QuizYourFriends' business partners, advertisers and sponsors use cookies, but QuizYourFriends has no access to or control over these cookies.

**IV. LOG FILES:**  
QuizYourFriends.com uses IP addresses (log files) to analyze trends, administer QuizYourFriends.com, track the movement of users, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

**V. WEB SITE LINKS:**  
QuizYourFriends.com may contain links to other web sites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by QuizYourFriends.com. QuizYourFriends is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites linked to QuizYourFriends.com. QuizYourFriends encourages QuizYourFriends.com users to read the privacy policies of Web sites when they connect to them through QuizYourFriends.com.

**VI. USER INPUT:**  
You may not send hateful, criminal, obscene, harassing, abusive, offensive or threatening quizzes or information to others through the QuizYourFriends.com service. You may not send a quiz to others whom you do not know or would not want to receive the quiz. You may not conceal your true e-mail address or name when sending a quiz through the QuizYourFriends.com service. If you send a quiz without following the aforementioned rules, QuizYourFriends.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to your e-mail address to law enforcement authorities. By using the QuizYourFriends.com service, you hereby consent to the disclosure of your personally identifiable information under the above circumstances.

All information collected through QuizYourFriends.com is owned by QuizYourFriends. QuizYourFriends may ask users to provide some personal information, including, but not limited to, the user's name, e-mail address and friends' e-mail addresses when users use certain services on QuizYourFriends.com. From time to time, QuizYourFriends.com may also ask users to update their personal information in an effort to offer better personalized services. QuizYourFriends reserves the right to freely share any aggregated information including, but not limited to data such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer and your browser software (i.e. Internet Explorer, Netscape, etc.) and configuration used as well as any information submitted through QuizYourFriends.com with our business partners, advertisers, sponsors, and other third parties. 

QuizYourFriends.com invites users to submit question and answer content about themselves with which to quiz their friends. QuizYourFriends.com is not responsible for any content on QuizYourFriends.com that may be deemed offensive, in any way, to others.

If a user elects to create a quiz on QuizYourFriends.com, he or she is asked for their name and e-mail address as well as the e-mail addresses of their friends to whom invitations to take this quiz will be sent. Once a user creates a quiz on QuizYourFriends.com, an invitation to take this quiz will be sent to their provided list of friends' e-mail addresses. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the user who created a quiz in order to inform this user that their quiz was successfully created and invitations to take their quiz have been sent to their friends. Also, after a user takes a quiz through QuizYourFriends.com, an e-mail will be sent to this user with their quiz score along with the correct quiz answers. This information will also be sent to the user who created the quiz. QuizYourFriends is not responsible for the accuracy or currency of the content contained within quiz results e-mails or any other e-mails sent from QuizYourFriends.com.   
  
**QuizYourFriends does not sign users up to any email lists.** There is no need to unsubscribe from QuizYourFriends.com, when you stop using the site for quizzes, you will no longer get any emails from QuizYourFriends.com. All quiz invitations are sent from your friends and not QuizYourFriends.com.

If you use QuizYourFriends.com to create or take a quiz, you will receive e-mails with quiz results. If you do not want to receive these e-mails, do not use QuizYourFriends.com.

All quiz confirmation emails sent by QuizYourFriends.com are sent by quiz1@quizyourfriends.com. If you wish to create or take quizzes without getting a one-time confirmation or results email, please add quiz1@quizyourfriends.com to your email filter.

If a user elects to use the provided HTML code to link their quiz to either their AOL Instant Messenger Profile or to place a link to their quiz on a Web site, they do so at their own risk and agree to hold QuizYourFriends.com free from all liability associated with such actions. By implementing the linking code, a user understands that anyone who sees the users AOL Instant Messenger Profile or Web site will be able to view and take the user's quiz, with or without the user's permission. The user understands that it is not possible for QuizYourFriends.com to prevent anyone from viewing or taking the user's quiz through the aforementioned linking code. Additionally, QuizYourFriends.com is not responsible for any actions resulting from a user modifying the provided linking code.

If a user elects to take a survey offered by QuizYourFriends.com, he or she is asked various questions including, but not limited to demographics, interests and Internet usage habits. The data collected through these surveys may be shared among QuizYourFriends.com's business partners, advertisers and sponsors in an effort to offer better personalized services to its users.

**VII. CONTACT US:**  
If a user elects to contact QuizYourFriends through the contact us page on this site the user is asked for their name, e-mail address, e-mail subject and a message containing their inquiry. QuizYourFriends stores this data in order to reply to the submitted inquiry. Once a user contacts QuizYourFriends.com, the submitted information is then owned by QuizYourFriends and subject to the terms detailed in this Privacy Policy.

You relinquish any and all rights to suggestions, ideas or other content that you submit to QuizYourFriends.com. The act of submitting suggestions, ideas or other content to QuizYourFriends.com, QuizYourFriends, or any of its Providers does not, in itself, create an agreement of any kind between you and QuizYourFriends. QuizYourFriends reserves the right to freely use and modify the submitted suggestions, ideas or other content without first obtaining your consent.

**VIII. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13):**  
QuizYourFriends is unable to prevent children under the age of thirteen (13) from visiting QuizYourFriends.com. Children under the age of thirteen (13) are not allowed to use QuizYourFriends.com without parental consent or supervision. In order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, QuizYourFriends will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). By providing personal identifiable information through QuizYourFriends.com including, but not limited to your name, e-mail address or friends' e-mail addresses, you represent and warrant that you are at least thirteen (13) years of age and that you agree to comply with QuizYourFriends.com's Privacy Policy.

**IX. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES:**  
You should review this Privacy Policy whenever you use QuizYourFriends.com in order to be aware of the ways that your information is used. QuizYourFriends reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy of QuizYourFriends.com at any time. QuizYourFriends will post Privacy Policy changes on this document so that QuizYourFriends.com users are always aware of what information QuizYourFriends collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, QuizYourFriends discloses it.
