> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quizjungle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216013231id_/http%3A//www.quizjungle.com/%3Fact_id%3D12) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Quiz Jungle

This site is run by Quiz Jungle and this Privacy Policy covers Quiz Jungle's treatment of personally identifiable information that Quiz Jungle collects when you are on the Quiz Jungle Website and when you use Quiz Jungle's services. It is important that visitors are fully informed about the use of their personal information. Quiz Jungle believes in 100% permission-based marketing.   
Registration with Quiz Jungle is required to participate in the Quiz Jungle quiz, or in any other promotion or contests run by Quiz Jungle. This Privacy Policy also applies to consumers that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from Quiz Jungle and Quiz Jungle's joint marketing advertisers ("Advertisers") , whether at our Website, via email, on third party websites, via co-registration or otherwise. Quiz Jungle collects user information on certain portions of our Website, through methods which include, but are not limited to, responding to questions and surveys, registering for the site, or through various offers provided on site. The personal profile information you submit to Quiz Jungle and Advertisers remains your property, but by submitting that information to Quiz Jungle you grant Quiz Jungle the right to use that information for marketing purposes including, but not limited to, sharing such information via co-registration with Advertisers. Quiz Jungle may also use such information to deliver certain direct marketing offers to you via telemarketing, e-mail marketing, direct mail, SMS messaging and other types of direct marketing, fulfill prizes, track compliance with our Quiz Jungle Rules, or for content improvement and feedback purposes. We may sell the personal information that you supply to us to selected third parties. These businesses may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services to via telemarketing, e-mail marketing, direct mail, SMS messaging and other types of direct marketing; and (b) providers of applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation. Quiz Jungle reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event Quiz Jungle believes that the membership is being or has been used to commit unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, if Quiz Jungle is sold or acquired, or when Quiz Jungle deems it necessary or appropriate. By agreeing to these terms, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when Quiz Jungle, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate. To the extent that customer credit card-specific information is collected by Quiz Jungle and any of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties (other than consumer credit agencies) without the customer's prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Quiz Jungle and its affiliates and subsidiaries reserve the right to share with third parties the fact that they have credit card information on file for specific customers but they will not share this credit card information with third parties without the customer's prior informed consent.   
Quiz Jungle shares Website usage information about visitors to our Website, who have received targeted promotional campaigns, with Advertisers for the purpose of formatting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our Advertisers track some of the pages that you visit on our Website through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). By registering with Quiz Jungle, you agree to allow Quiz Jungle to share such Website usage information with third parties.   
Quiz Jungle also reserves the right to provide aggregate or group data about Quiz Jungle users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or Group data is data that describes the demographics, usage, or characteristics of Quiz Jungle participants as a group. By opening a Quiz Jungle account, you agree to allow Quiz Jungle to provide such aggregate data to third parties.   
Visitors under 13 years of age are not allowed to participate in quizzes or surveys offered by Quiz Jungle. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, any Quiz Jungle Web sites by visitors under 13 years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.   
Registrants may receive e-mail confirming their Registration with Quiz Jungle, co-registration with Advertisers, as well as promotional marketing of commercial products and services. Quiz Jungle reserves the right to collect and retain data relating to email marketing sent to, and opened by, individuals on our marketing list(s). If you do not want to receive e-mail from Quiz Jungle in the future, please let Quiz Jungle know by completing an opt-out request at the following URL:   
[http://www.quizjungle.com/unsubscribe](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216013231id_/http%3A//www.quizjungle.com/%3Fact_id%3D12?act_id=10)   
To unsubscribe from any co-registration Advertiser's website, please visit their website for complete details.   
Quiz Jungle does not endorse, nor is Quiz Jungle responsible for the accuracy of, the Privacy Policies and/or Terms and Conditions of each of the Advertisers on the Quiz Jungle Website. The entities which advertise and/or place banner ads on the Quiz Jungle Website including, but not limited to, co-registration Advertisers, are independent third parties and are not affiliated with Quiz Jungle.   
Quiz Jungle delivers to your web browser many of the advertisements you see when you use the Website. However, Quiz Jungle also allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within and/or on the Website. Because your web browser must request these advertising banners from the ad networks' servers, these companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if you had requested a web page from the Website. In addition, Quiz Jungle uses third-party service provider partners to employ anonymous cookies for accounting and data integrity purposes.   
If you want to prevent a third-party ad server and/or third-party service provider from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad network's and service provider's website individually and opt out (if they offer this capability). Note that disabling cookies may limit, or in some cases, preclude your use of this site.   
**Your Acceptance of These Terms**  
By using this site and/or agreeing to receive information from Quiz Jungle, you agree to the Quiz Jungle Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Quiz Jungle Website or acceptance of our e-mails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe from our services by completing an opt-out request at the following URL:   
[**Unsubscribe here!**](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216013231id_/http%3A//www.quizjungle.com/%3Fact_id%3D12?act_id=10)   
Alternatively, you may send postal mail to the following address: 

Quiz Jungle  
93 S. Jackson Street  
Seattle, WA 98104

Last updated 08/21/2008

  
 
