> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sunstar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611121514id_/https%3A//www.sunstar.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

The Sunstar Suisse SA (hereinafter: Sunstar) takes your privacy and data protection very seriously. Below we explain how Sunstar deals with your data when you use this website (www.sunstar.com) and how your data is protected by Sunstar. Sunstar reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. The users are bound by these changes and should therefore visit this page in regular intervals for information on the current status of the privacy policy.

## Collection, processing and use of personal and other data

Personal data means specific information about personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes information such as the name, postal address, e-mail address or phone number. Also other data such as the IP address can represent personal data. In general, to use the website you do not need to reveal any personal data. By using the site only access data without reference to your person (traffic and location data, statistical data about your browsing behavior) are collected. These data are processed and stored only to improve our website. Conclusions on your person can and will not be taken. Sunstar will inform you about any collection, processing and use of personal data as well as on the scope and purpose of this collection, processing and use. Sunstar will always only collect, process or use personal data that are necessary to achieve the announced purpose. Sunstar will not share your personal information with third parties without your consent. In detail: Sunstar will collect, process and use your personal data when you provide it as part of questions you direct to Sunstar voluntarily. These data are used to answer your questions and are solely for these purposes shared with third parties. After answering your questions these data we not be used anymore and will be deleted after the statutory retention periods. Sunstar will collect, process and use your personal data when you provide it voluntarily to order Sunstar email-newsletters. These data will not be shared with third parties and will only be used for advertising purposes of Sunstar. Sunstar will ask for your prior and explicit approval. You can revoke this approval at any time informally and without stating any reason (Please contact: [Sunstar Suisse SA, Route de Pallatex 11, 1163 Etoy, Switzerland, contact@ch.sunstar.com]. Your data we be deleted immediately.

## Google Analytics

This website uses the web-analysing tool Google Analytics. For detailed information on Google Analytics (privacy policy and terms of use) please visit: [http://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy](http://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy/). Google Analytics uses Cookies that collect information on your use of this website. The Cookies usually transfer these information to Google servers in the USA where the information are stored. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use these information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on your website activity and to provide other website and internet related services to the operator of the website. On this website Google Analytics records your IP address anonymously. Your IP address will not be brought together with other data held by Google. You can prevent the collection and transferring of your data (including your IP-address) by downloading and installing the browser-add-on offered here: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>. Finally, you can prevent the storage of cookies on your computer by adapting your browser settings accordingly. Please note that afterwards you may not use the website and its features to its full extent.

## Links to websites of third parties

This privacy policy does not apply for websites of third parties, linked with this website. Sunstar is not responsible for the protection of your personal data when you visit linked websites of third parties. Please read the privacy policy of third party website carefully.

## Information and contact

Upon request Sunstar informs you at any time and free of charge on your personal data stored at Sunstar and the purpose of the storage. Upon request these data may at any time be terminated, amended or deleted. Furthermore you can revoke your approval for collection, processing and use of your data at any time informally and without stating any reason. Your data will be deleted immediately. Also in case of problems or questions on the use of your data please contact Sunstar: [Sunstar Suisse SA, Route de Pallatex 11, 1163 Etoy, Switzerland, contact@ch.sunstar.com]
