> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dmotorworks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150429175321id_/http%3A//www.digitalmotorworks.com/adp-online-privacy-portal) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Digital Motorworks Inc, DMI - ADP Online Privacy Portal

CDK Online Privacy Portal  
CDK's clients, associates, suppliers and visitors provide us with vast amounts of personal information. Protecting the privacy and security of this personal information is central to CDK's mission.  
CDK has a Global Privacy Program that applies to all affiliates and associates worldwide. This program helps us ensure that personal information is handled properly. The Global Privacy Program governs personal information collected by CDK for its own purposes as well as information provided to us as a data processor for our clients. It protects information collected online as well as offline.  
CDK is also committed to transparency. We want individuals to understand how we collect and use personal information so they can interact with CDK with confidence. The links below can help you find the information you need about privacy and CDK. If you have any other questions, please contact us directly at [Privacy@CDK.com](mailto:Privacy@CDK.com).  
CDK Online Privacy Statement  
Privacy Statement for Employer Services Clients  
CDK is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. We receive personal information from our clients about their current, prospective and former employees as well as employee dependents and family members, as needed to provide benefits. This notice explains our practices with regard to all of the personal information we receive from our Employer Services clients as a data processor.  
CDK will collect and process your personal information only as instructed or permitted by our client (the employer) or you. CDK will at all times maintain reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect your information.  
CDK will disclose all of your personal information to the employer and to other entities when instructed by the employer. We may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and data processors as needed to provide the services that you and the employer have requested. These entities are all contractually bound to limit use of your personal information as needed to perform the services. We will also always disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate.  
If you are based outside of the United States, your personal information may be transferred to CDK affiliates and data processers in the United States and elsewhere in the world. CDK will always protect the privacy and security of your personal information, regardless of where it is processed. Personal information transfers from the European Economic Area and other countries with data transfer restrictions will be authorized by approved model contracts, an EU-US Safe Harbor certification, or other appropriate means.

If you have questions about your privacy rights, please contact your employer’s human resources department. If you believe that CDK has not handled your personal information properly, you may also contact CDK’s Privacy Office at [Privacy@CDK.com](mailto:Privacy@CDK.com).  
Privacy Statement for Auto Dealership Clients  
CDK Dealer Services is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients in the automotive industry. This notice explains our practices with regard to the personal information we receive from our Dealer Services clients as a data processor.  
CDK Dealer Services receives consumer information from automobile dealerships and processes that information in compliance with its client contracts We will not use or disclose your personal information for our own purposes other than as expressly permitted by a dealership client or as required by law. CDK Dealer Services will at all times maintain reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect your information.  
CDK Dealer Services may disclose all of your personal information to other entities as authorized by our client, the dealership. We may also disclose your personal information to our affiliates and data processors as needed to provide the services that the dealership has requested. These entities are all contractually bound to limit use of your personal information as needed to perform the services. We will also always disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate.  
If you are based outside of the United States, your personal information may be transferred to CDK affiliates and data processers in the United States and elsewhere in the world. CDK will always protect the privacy and security of your personal information, regardless of where it is processed. Personal information transfers from the European Economic Area and other countries with data transfer restrictions will be authorized by approved model contracts, an EU-US Safe Harbor certification, or other appropriate means.  
If you have questions about your privacy rights, please contact your auto dealership directly. If you believe that CDK has not handled your personal information properly, you may also contact CDK’s Privacy Office at [Privacy@CDK.com](mailto:Privacy@CDK.com).  
Privacy Statement for Medical Records Processing Clients  
CDK is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients in the healthcare industry. This notice explains our practices with regard to the protected health information we receive from our clients for medical records processing as a business associate under the US health privacy law known as HIPAA.

CDK will collect and process protected health information only as required or permitted by our business associate agreement and applicable laws, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). CDK will at all times maintain reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect the information as required by the HIPAA Security Rule.  
If you have questions about privacy or security, please contact the HIPAA Privacy Official named in the Privacy Notice published by your healthcare provider or health insurance plan. If you believe that CDK has not handled your personal information properly, you may also contact CDK’s Privacy Office at [Privacy@CDK.com](mailto:Privacy@CDK.com).  
Privacy Statement for CDK Dealer Services Digital Marketing Websites  
CDK Dealer Services Digital Marketing business runs websites such as Cobalt.com, Dealix.com and Usedcars.com. These websites collect personal information from consumers and use it to facilitate the consumers’ car shopping experiences. Please see the detailed privacy statements on the applicable website.  
Safe Harbor Privacy Statement  
CDK, LLC and its US subsidiaries participate in the U.S.-E.U. and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Programs. We protect client human resources information received for processing from clients in the European Economic Area and Switzerland in accordance with the Safe Harbor Principles. We also protect all data processed by our Trusted Platform Security Infrastructure and related technologies in accordance with the Principles. Additionally, CDK, LLC protects all CDK associate information in accordance with the Safe Harbor Principles, and it has certified to the U.S.- E.U. and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks for its own human resources data. To learn more about Safe Harbor and to view CDK's certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.  
For more information about the Safe Harbor Principles, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Website <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.  
We Self-Certify Compliance with Safe Harbor  
Safe Harbor  
Social Security Number Protection Policy Statement  
CDK collects Social Security numbers and other sensitive personal information in the ordinary course of its business. CDK has implemented reasonable technical, physical and administrative safeguards to help protect the Social Security numbers and other sensitive personal information from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure. All CDK associates and contractors are required to follow these established procedures, both online and offline.

Access to Social Security numbers is limited to those employees and contractors who have a need to access the information to perform tasks for CDK. Social Security numbers are only disclosed to third parties in accordance with CDK’s established privacy policy. CDK will only disclose Social Security numbers to those service providers, auditors, advisors, and/or successors-in-interest who are legally or contractually obligated to protect them or as required or permitted by law.  
California Privacy Rights  
California Civil Code Section 1798 allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. CDK, LLC does not share any California consumer personal information with third parties for marketing purposes without consent.  
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices may contact us at [Privacy@CDK.com](mailto:Privacy@CDK.com) or by writing to:  
CDK Global  
1950 Hassell Road, Suite 1000  
Hoffman Estates, IL  
60169-6308

Local Privacy Statements  
Some CDK companies have published privacy statements on their websites that provide additional information about local practices. Please follow the privacy link on affiliate websites to read these local statements.
