> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aiaa.org privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071226195241id_/http%3A//www.aiaa.org/content.cfm%3Fpageid%3D297) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics - Privacy Policy

privacy policy  


  
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) is committed to protecting the privacy of its members who utilize the Institute Web site. To serve that goal, AIAA has adopted this privacy policy.

 **Information Collected  
** AIAA collects and utilizes different kinds of information from users of the Institute Web site. Like most Web sites, the Association uses “cookies” for several legitimate purposes. These include remembering user IDs and passwords and differentiating between repeat and new users. It is the policy of the Association that data generated by cookies will be used for internal purposes only (e.g., to improve the site and site-related services for users). The data compiled via cookies is considered confidential and will not be sold to entities outside of the organization.

We may ask for your address, phone number, and/or e-mail address when you place an order for an AIAA product or service, submit an abstract or paper, complete a survey, register for a conference, apply for membership, or on other occasions. In each case, our objective is to have your contact information so that we can serve you better. 

From time to time, we may use your address, phone number, or e-mail address to provide you with updates and other information that we think may be of interest to you. 

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and for those who register for certain sections of the site. We do not currently sell any e-mail addresses to any third party. 

We may aggregate information on what pages users access. AIAA uses this information to enhance our online offerings, information, and services.

We also collect information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations. This information is kept confidential by AIAA and, again, is used for internal purposes.

 **Security**

The Association undertakes reasonable efforts to ensure that all personally identifiable information collected on our site remains secure. AIAA staff is trained to treat member and customer information confidentially. Of course, AIAA cannot provide a guarantee against inadvertent disclosure or intentional misappropriation of data by a third party.

  
**Comments**

If you have any comments about the AIAA Web site, including the handling or use of personal information, please contact us by e-mailing [custserv@aiaa.org](mailto:custserv@aiaa.org) or by calling 703/264-7500.  

