> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1500espn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160311150840id_/http%3A//corporate.hubbardradio.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hubbard Radio – Privacy Policy

_Updated:  August 2014_

This is the Privacy Policy for the Hubbard Radio website run by Hubbard Radio, LLC.  Your privacy is important to us, and we provide this Privacy Policy regarding our online collection, use and disclosure practices to help you to make informed decisions regarding use of this site, and exercising choices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of the personal information about you from this website.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into and is subject to the terms of the [Hubbard Radio, LLC Terms and Conditions](http://corporate.hubbardradio.com/terms-of-use/).

**The Information We Collect**

At the Hubbard Radio website, you may review content on our site, enter our various sweepstakes and contests, link to our Facebook and Twitter pages by liking or following us, along with a variety of other functions. In providing these offerings on our website, we _may_ collect: your age, gender, email address, zip code, and any other information you submit to us (example: your name), such as by emailing us, filling out a user profile, or entering a sweepstakes or contest. We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our website, such as such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), the domain name from which you receive Internet access, and aggregate information regarding what pages consumers access or visit.

**Collection Of Information By Third Party Sites, Sale Partners and Sponsors**

Some of our website contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. We encourage you to consult the other sites’ privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. To try to bring you advertising that is of interest to you, we have relationships with reputable third parties that we allow to present or serve advertisements on our site. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third party ad server may collect from you. We sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. We have no control over these third parties’ use of this information. The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information.

**Our Use of Information Collected At Our Site and Your Choices Regarding that Use**

We may use the personally information that we collect to provide you with an interactive online experience, to fulfill your requests for our products and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to notify you when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to personalize or localize your experience on our site, to allow us to make personalized recommendations of content you may be interested in, or to contact you about your account with us.  We may, on occasion, combine information we receive online from you with records from other sources. As provided in the the [Terms and Conditions](http://corporate.hubbardradio.com/terms-of-use/), if you choose to post content on our site, we may use that information in any manner. In addition, we may use the personally identifiable information we collect through this site to offer you other programs, services or products that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive e-mail offers from us in the future, please let us know by unsubscribing to any email at the bottom of each of our email messages. Please allow time for your request to be implemented. We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.

**Cookies And Other Technical Information**

We send “cookies” to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience and to store visitors’ preferences, record which session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same display advertising, customize site content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information (including click through and click stream data). Cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser).

We may also use “Web beacons” that monitor your use of our sites. Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a display advertisement on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the Web beacon appears, the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. When corresponding with you via HTML capable e-mail, Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail.

We also use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show you our ads on sites across the Internet. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Hubbard Radio website.

If you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information can be stored in or linked to other data stored in the cookies/Web beacons. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein.

You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site. Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. However, there is certain information on our site that can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content.

**Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information**

We try to limit our disclosures of personally identifiable information that are users have not posted on our site to those that are important to carrying on our business. For example, if you choose to post content on our site (e.g., “ comment on an article”), we may freely disclose to others that content, and any other information you have provided to us, other than your e-mail address. We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process–for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company, or if our assets are acquired by another entity. Agents and contractors of Hubbard Radio, LLC who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Hubbard Radio, LLC.

Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

**Our Commitment To Security**

We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.

**Notice Regarding Changes to this Policy**

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes, together with a new Date at the top of the Privacy Policy, and will provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.

We encourage you to check back to this Privacy Policy periodically and review the effective date at the top of the Privacy Policy to see if the Policy has changed, so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.

**How to Contact Us**

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation you may write us at our postal address:

Hubbard Radio, LLC  
c/o Hubbard Radio  
3415 University Avenue  
St. Paul, MN 55114  
Attn: Privacy Officer
