> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kraehe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190307182747id_/http%3A//www.kraehe.com/en/Privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Krähe | Privacy policy

Privacy policy

### Information on data protection - Your data is safe with us!

Our data protection practice is in accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). You would like to know how Krähe protects your personal data and what we need which data for? Here you will learn everything about privacy!

### Collection, processing and use of personal data

Your address is stored for a fast and error-free processing in our EDP. The treatment of the data provided is in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act and the Telemedia Act.

This website transmits personal data collected in the context of this contractual relationship for the application, execution and termination of this business relationship as well as data on non-contractual behavior or fraudulent behavior to CRIF Bürgel GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 Munich. The legal bases of these transfers are Article 6 (1) (b) and Article 6 (1) (f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Transfers based on Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR may only be made to the extent necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of this website or third parties and not outweigh the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject requiring the protection of personal data. The exchange of data with CRIF Bürgel GmbH also serves the fulfillment of legal obligations to carry out creditworthiness checks of customers (§ 505a and 506 of the German Civil Code). CRIF Bürgel GmbH processes the data received and also uses it for the purpose of profiling (scoring) in order to provide its contracting parties in the European Economic Area and in Switzerland and, if applicable, other third countries (if there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission) information on, inter alia: Assessing the creditworthiness of natural persons. Further information on the activities of CRIF Bürgel GmbH can be found in the CRIF Bürgel Information Sheet or viewed online at www.crifbuergel.de/de/datenschutz.

### Note to §28b No. 4 BDSG

For the purpose of deciding on the establishment, execution or termination of the contractual relationship, we collect or use probability values, which include, among other things, address data. For the postal dispatch of information material and for our own advertising purposes, we pass on any compiled address data to our group and partner companies as well as to publishers. You may transfer your data for advertising purposes at any time by a message by mail to the company Krähe Versand GmbH & Co. KG, Customer Service, Robert-Bosch-Straße 6, 73278 Schlierbach, Fax: +49 (0) 70 21 99 11 77 or Email to service@kraehe.de contradict.

### This is how Krähe protects your data

If you register in the shop login, register for a raffle or place an order, your personal data will be transmitted to us. So that these data do not fall into the wrong hands, we encrypt the transfer process with the so-called SSL method (Secure Socket Layer). This is a proven and very secure transmission method on the Internet.

### Use of cookies

On various pages we use cookies to make the visit to our website attractive and user-friendly, as well as to make it more secure and to use certain features enable. These are small text files that are stored on your computer. Most of the cookies we use are deleted from your hard drive after the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer on your next visit (so-called persistent cookies). These cookies make it unnecessary for you to re-enter your password or fill in forms with your data for subsequent orders. Our partner companies are not permitted to collect, process or use personal data via cookies via our website. Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can allow or prohibit temporary and saved cookies in the security settings independently of each other. If you disable cookies, certain features on our site may not be available to you, and some pages may not be displayed correctly. The data stored in our cookies are not linked to your personal data (name, address, etc.). Third parties, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on previous visits to our website. You can disable the use of cookies by Google by visiting the page that disables Google advertising. Alternatively, you can disable the use of third-party cookies by visiting the opt-out page of the Network Advertising Initiative.

### Information about the use of tracking tools

You can visit our website without giving any personal information. We only store access data without personal reference, such as the name of your Internet service provider, the page from which you visit us or the name of the requested file. These data are evaluated exclusively for the improvement of our offer with the help of so-called tracking technologies and do not allow a conclusion on your person. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Krähe Versand GmbH & Co. KG will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. The data stored in our cookies are not linked to your personal data (name, address, etc.). Google will in no case associate your IP address with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that in this case you may not be able to use all features of this website to the fullest extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. The data collection and storage can be contradicted at any time with effect for the future: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de . In view of the discussion about the use of analysis tools with complete IP addresses, we would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIP ()" and therefore IP addresses are only shortened processed in order to exclude a direct personal reference. If your browser does not support the Google Opt-Out plug-in, or if you visit our store via mobile devices, please click this link to prevent Google Analytics from entering this website in the future. An opt-out cookie is stored on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.

For the needs-oriented design as well as for the optimization of this website, anonymous data are collected and stored by solutions and technologies of econda GmbH and usage profiles are created from these data using pseudonyms. For this purpose, cookies can be used to enable the recognition of an Internet browser. However, user profiles are not merged with data about the bearer of the pseudonym without the visitor's explicit consent. In particular, IP addresses are rendered unrecognizable immediately after receipt, so that an assignment of usage profiles to IP addresses is not possible. Visitors to this website may object to this data collection and storage at any time for the future here: https://www.econda.de/en/data-storage-opt-out/ . The contradiction only applies to the device and the web browser on which it was set, please repeat the process on all devices if necessary. If you delete the opt-out cookie, the subsequent requests will be stored by default again.

This website uses the web analytics service with bid management of intelliAd Media GmbH, Sendlinger Str. 7, 80331 Munich. Anonymised usage data are recorded and aggregated in order to design and optimize this website, and usage profiles are created from these data using pseudonyms. When using the intelliAd tracking there is a local storage of cookies. According to §15 of the current version of the Telemedia Act, you as a website visitor have the right to object to the data storage of your (anonymous) visitor data for the future. Use the intelliAd opt-out function: https://login.intelliad.com/optout.php .

This website uses the Google Inc. remarketing feature (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). This feature is designed to show interest-based ads to visitors to the site through the Google Network. The website visitor's browser stores so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow visitors to be recognized when they visit the website that belongs to the Google ad network. On these pages, visitors can then be presented with ads related to content the visitor previously visited on the website using Google's remarketing feature. Google says it does not collect any personal information during this process. However, if you still do not want Google's Remarketing feature, you can always disable it by making the appropriate settings at http://www.google.com/settings/ads. For more information about Google Remarketing and the Google Privacy Policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/. We use the Google AdWords online advertising program and conversion tracking as part of Google AdWords. Google Conversion Tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). When you click on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie will be placed on your machine. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days, contain no personal data and are thus not used for personal identification. If you visit certain web pages on our website and the cookie has not expired, Google and we may recognize that you clicked on the ad and were redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Thus, there is no way that cookies can be tracked through the AdWordsKundener website. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. It tells customers the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive information that personally identifies users. If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can object to this use by preventing the installation of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software (deactivation option). You will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. For more information and Google's privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ , http://www.google.de/policies/privacy/.

Via the service provider Econda GmbH, Karlsruhe, an evaluation and use of anonymous data sets for the analysis of the use of our online offer is carried out for the online shop and our mobile applications / applications. Econda meets the requirements of German data protection law, which has been confirmed by the TÜV certificate "Geprüfter Datenschutz" of TÜV Saarland.

Our pages contain pixels from Facebook, Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). This allows us to track users' actions after they have been redirected to a provider website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to record the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical purposes. The collected data remains anonymous. This means that we can not see into the personal data of individual users. However, the collected data will be saved and processed by Facebook. We will inform you about this matter according to our latest information. Facebook may link the data to the data of your Facebook account and uses the data for its own advertising purposes, according to the Facebook Data Guidelines https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ . Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its affiliates to show you advertising on and off Facebook. In addition, a cookie is stored on your computer for this purpose. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as the related rights and setting options for protecting the privacy of users, these can be found in the privacy policy of Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ or at https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 . If we should send data to Facebook for comparison purposes, they will be encrypted locally in the browser and then sent to Facebook via a secure https connection. This is done solely with the purpose of reconciling with the equally encrypted by Facebook data. Please click here to revoke your consent https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences 

This website uses ChannelPilot, an online marketing tool from Channel Pilot Solutions GmbH. Use is made on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f. DSGVO. ChannelPilot uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website such as  
• browser type / version,  
• Referrer URL (the previously visited page),  
• host name of the accessing computer (IP address),  
• Time of the server request  
are usually transmitted to a server of ChannelPilot in Germany and stored there. ChannelPilot's IP address submitted by your browser will not be merged with other ChannelPilot data. In addition, the IP address of ChannelPilot is cached only for a short period of time (usually a maximum of 24 hours) and then defaced. Caching takes place without exception to detect possible click fraud (bot detection). On behalf of the operator of this website, ChannelPilot will use this information to evaluate the performance of connected online marketing channels such as idealo.de or Google Shopping. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to the full extent. You may also prevent the collection of the cookie-generated and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to ChannelPilot and the processing of this data by ChannelPilot by using the opt-out option available at the following link use: www.channelpilot.de/optout . An opt-out cookie will be set which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website. The opt-out cookie is valid only in the last used browser. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again. Further information on data protection in connection with ChannelPilot can be found at www.channelpilot.de/datenschutz.

As part of its profiling tracking, affilinet GmbH and its affiliated advertising and technology partners store information on the access to product or category pages. This serves the purposeful delivery of the advertising media, which are of greater interest to you than non-targeted advertising. With the affilinet profiling, affilinet offers a technology that makes it possible to specifically target interested users. For reasons of profiling, this data is forwarded to the listed advertising and technology partners (profiling publishers) of affilinet. If you want to object, please use the following link: http://modules.affili.net/consent/program/16645 

We use the services of **Ve Interactive DACH GmbH** (Französische Strasse 47, 10117 Berlin, hereinafter "Ve"). In providing its services, Ve collects personally identifiable information from end users who visit our websites. Ve uses cookies and other similar technologies. For more information about the technologies Ve uses, see Ve's [cookie policy](https://www.ve.com/cookies-policy "Cookie Policy"). A listing of the purposes for which Ve collects personal information is listed in Ve's [privacy policy](https://www.ve.com/privacy-policy "privacy policy"). In general, through the use of cookies, Ve collects personal information from end users, especially contact information and behavioral data. Ve uses this personal information to draw conclusions about the end user's personal preferences and to personalize the end user's web experience, for example by displaying personalized offers when visiting customer websites or similarly personalizing the customer's website to the end user and displaying personalized advertisements Visiting customer websites or websites of third parties. Ve and we are jointly responsible for the collection of personal data according to Art. 26 GDPR. Details can be found in Ve's [privacy policy](https://www.ve.com/privacy-policy "privacy policy").  
End users can prevent the processing of their personal data by Ve by various means. The available options for preventing data processing are contained in Ve's privacy policy, among others. operating the opt-out button at <https://www.ve.com/privacy-policy#opting-out> or using the opt-out mechanism of IAB Europe at <http://www.youronlinechoices.com/opt%20-out-interface>.

**Information about the newsletter reception**

When registering for our newsletter, the following personal data will be collected: your name and your email address. When ordering our newsletter, you agree that the aforementioned data collected, processed and stored. This data is used exclusively to send the weekly newsletter. You only agree to the newsletter subscription for the company Krähe Versand GmbH & Co. KG. To optimize our offer, we evaluate in personalized form, which links you click in the newsletter. By registering you give us your consent. You can revoke your consent to the storage of the e-mail address and its use for sending the newsletter at any time with effect for the future either by unsubscribing from the newsletter at www.kraehe.de or by using the unsubscribe link at the end of the newsletter.

### Your right to information

According to the Federal Data Protection Act you have a right to free information about your stored data as well as a right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data. If deletion conflicts with statutory or contractual retention requirements, the data will be blocked.

### Contact for privacy

For questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, information, correction, blocking or deletion of data and revocation of granted consent, please contact:

Krähe-Versand GmbH & Co. KG  
data protection  
Robert Bosch Street 6  
73278 Schlierbach  
service@kraehe.de  
Fax: +49 (0)7021 - 99 11 54

Status: 23.10.2018
