> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629123647id_/http%3A//bms.com/legal/Pages/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bristol-Myers Squibb: Privacy Statement

Privacy Policy

Effective Date: December 23, 2013

**Purpose of the Privacy Statement**. Bristol-Myers Squibb respects the privacy of visitors to this Web site and understands that information about you, your health, and your health care is sensitive. Except as provided in the Transfer of Control section of this Web site's Internet Privacy Statement, Bristol-Myers Squibb will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information. Bristol-Myers Squibb developed this Internet Privacy Statement to provide information about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide when you visit this Web site. This privacy statement applies to this web site and other Bristol-Myers Squibb web sites providing resources such as consumer and health care professional product related information and services. 

We encourage you to read this Internet Privacy Statement before submitting information. By using this Web site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to the terms of the Internet Privacy Statement. 

**Information Voluntarily Provided by Users**. You can visit much of the Web site without telling us who you are or providing us with other personally identifiable information. Some areas of the Web site allow you to contact us to ask questions or provide comments. When you communicate with us and request a response, we ask for your name and contact information. We intend to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you; if you tell us that you do not want us to use this information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your requests, we will respect your wishes. 

Some areas of the Web site may also require that you submit information in order to access specific content, features, interactive tools, services or participate in a particular activity. For example, to create an online account, online user profile or to subscribe to a newsletter, we may ask for your name, contact information, professional credentials and other additional information so we can complete your request. 

You may always choose not to provide the required information, but then you may not be able to participate in the particular activity that requires the information. 

**Use and Disclosure of Your Personally Identifiable Information** We may personalize and customize this Web site with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you, based on your previous interactions, information you have provided to us, or information about you that we have collected from 3rd party sources. 

For non-healthcare providers and consumers, if you do opt-in and provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other information, such as your education level or medical information, you agree that this information may be provided to other parties that Bristol-Myers Squibb is working with, including but not limited to its subsidiaries and affiliates, and that Bristol-Myers Squibb and such other parties may contact you through a variety of means such as postal mail, phone, or e-mail to provide you with programs, services and educational information we believe may be of interest to you unless you opt out of these communications by contacting us as indicated below. Except as provided in the Transfer of Control section, Bristol-Myers Squibb will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information. In addition, as stated in the Transfer of Control section, your personally identifiable information may be shared with actual or potential parties to a contemplated transaction where we decide to reorganize or divest part or all of a business or a line of our business, without obtaining your consent or any further notice to you. In such circumstances, we will seek written assurances that personally identifiable information submitted through this web site will be protected appropriately. 

For healthcare professionals, we may contact you through a variety of means such as postal mail, phone, or e-mail to provide you with information and offers we believe may be of interest to you unless you opt out of these communications by contacting us as indicated below. Also, if you do not opt out of these communications, we may also share this information with providers of services to Bristol-Myers Squibb who help Bristol-Myers Squibb to develop programs and provide services that may be of interest to you, or for information processing, mailing, and/or Internet-based delivery purposes. 

From time to time we may obtain from 3rd party sources personally identifiable information on physicians and other healthcare professionals. This information is used to verify such things as professional status, identity and specialty when providing tailored information, communications or products/and or services. 

**Use and Disclosure of Non-Personally Identifiable Information**. Bristol-Myers Squibb will not treat as confidential any information that you provide that is not personally identifiable, such as questions, comments, ideas, or suggestions. You should be aware that Bristol-Myers Squibb will be free to disclose through any means and use for any purpose such information in its sole discretion. By providing such information to Bristol-Myers Squibb, you understand and agree that no relationship has been created between Bristol-Myers Squibb and you, and Bristol-Myers Squibb has no obligation to you whatsoever regarding that information. 

**Information You Share with Others** Bristol-Myers Squibb may provide interactive tools allowing the sharing of information with others, such as posts on social media sites or health care professionals sending patient education materials to a patient by way of an email link back to the website where the patient can view the information. To enable information sharing we may collect personally identifiable information, however Bristol-Myers Squibb does not view or store such information. In addition, we may make 3rd party sharing features available to you. Please be sure to review the legal notice and privacy policy of 3rd parties because they may be different from those governing this Web site. Health care professionals should be aware of their obligations regarding written communications to patients, where such information is sponsored by a pharmaceutical company, and the need to obtain written patient authorization. You may also choose to tell a friend about a Bristol-Myers Squibb site. In such instances you will be asked to provide your friend's information, such as name and email address, in addition to your own information. We will use the information to deliver an email to your friend inviting him or her to visit the site through an email link. Bristol-Myers Squibb does not view or store your friend's information. The information will only be used to send the invitation email. 

**Update and Correction of Personally Identifiable Information**. You may contact us to update or correct much of your personally identifiable information that you provide to us through the Web site other than the limited information described below under the Regulatory Requirements section, or to opt-out from our mailings and other services and communications that you may have signed up for. To do so, please contact us at (800)-332-2056. 

**Security**. We take reasonable precautions to maintain the protection of personally identifiable information collected through this Web site and used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. In addition to technical safeguards, we also use physical controls and procedures to safeguard your personally identifiable information. However, we cannot guarantee that it is completely secure from people who might attempt to evade our security measures or intercept transmissions over the Internet. 

**Use of Cookies**. We may store some information on your computer using a technique your browser supports called "cookies". The cookies are used for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to helping you login (e.g., remembering your user name if you register or login), remembering some of your customized user preferences, to help us better understand how people use our Web site, to collect anonymous traffic data, and to help us improve our Web site. In some cases, this information will help us tailor content to your interests or help us avoid asking for the same information when you revisit our Web site. The cookies set by our Web sites are used only by our Web sites. With respect to collecting anonymous traffic data, we may use third parties to collect such data on our behalf. To disable or limit the use of cookies, please refer to the options provided by your Internet browser. If you do so, however, some pages or features (such as customized products/services or user preferences) on this Web site may not work properly. 

**Online Behavioral Advertising**. We may tailor online advertisements to you by matching offers to a summary of your interests. Your interests could come from several sources including your browsing activity and your response to online advertisements. In such circumstances 3rd parties collect and store data about your interests and online activity. When you see a Bristol-Myers Squibb online advertisement, you can click on the "Ad Choices" icon within the advertisement which will take you to a page where you can learn more about online behavioral advertising and manage, or opt out of the targeting technology from the 3rd parties who collect your data. If you opt out, you may still see advertisements online, including advertisements from Bristol-Myers Squibb brands. In some cases, data may still be collected about your browsing activity by these 3rd parties but they will not use this information to select advertisements you see online. 

**Web Beacons**. A Web Beacon is a clear GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) image or pixel tag (also known as a "Web beacon") that companies place on their Web sites to allow an Internet advertising or audience measurement company to help them analyze their advertising campaigns and general usage patterns of visitors to their Web sites. Bristol-Myers Squibb uses Web beacons on some of its Web sites. Subject to the transfer of control situation described below, Bristol-Myers Squibb will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information. 

**Web Server Data Collection and IP Addresses**. With or without cookies, our Web site keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that a page request is coming from (i.e., your IP address, domain name), date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any), and other parameters in the URL (e.g., search criteria). We use this data to better understand Web site usage on the whole and to determine which areas of our Web site users prefer (e.g., based on the number of visits to those areas). This information is stored and used by Bristol-Myers Squibb for statistical reporting. In some cases, to provide you better tailored programs and information, we may collect and consolidate your online information, and match it with personally identifiable information collected from other resources and programs. We may work with 3rd parties to help us with these activities. 

**Do-Not-Track Signals**. When you visit our Websites, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and parties that we work with, may collect and use anonymous traffic data through the use of cookies, web beacons, online behavior ads, web server data and IP addresses, as described in this Privacy Statement. The collection of anonymous traffic data occurs even when do-not-track signals are enabled on your Internet browser. If you register on one of our Web sites, and provide us with your personally identifiable information, we may be able to identify your previous online visits to our Web sites (which would have been anonymous before you registered). For example, once you register on our Web site, we may be able to link your personally identifiable information to previous visits on our sites depending on whether our Web site cookies from earlier visits are still stored on your computer. In addition, when you register or login to our Web site, we can see where you have been on our Web site while you are visiting. Bristol-Myers Squibb, and the parties it works with, do not track your online activities once you have exited our Web sites. For more information about do not track signals, visit [www.allaboutdnt.com](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/). 

**Transfer of Control**. Circumstances may arise where we decide to reorganize or divest part or all of our business or of a line of our business, including our information databases and Web sites, through a sale, divestiture, merger, acquisition, or other means of transfer. In any such circumstance, personally identifiable information may be shared with, sold, transferred, rented, licensed or otherwise provided or made available by us or on our behalf to actual or potential parties to, and in connection with, the contemplated transaction (without your consent or any further notice to you). In such circumstances, we will seek written assurances that personally identifiable information submitted through this Web site will be protected appropriately. 

**Regulatory Requirements**. If you contact us regarding your experience with using any of our products, we may use the information you provide in submitting reports to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and as otherwise required of us by law or governmental audit. We may also use the information to contact your healthcare professional to follow up regarding an unexpected event involving the use of any one of our products. You understand that in order to comply with the law, Bristol-Myers Squibb may not be permitted to comply with your request to amend or remove personally identifiable information that was provided to Bristol-Myers Squibb by a healthcare professional or a consumer regarding an adverse event or reaction involving medicine, medical products or medical devices. 

**Law Enforcement**. In rare situations, we may be required by court order or other legal or regulatory process, or as otherwise required by law to divulge personally identifiable information to law enforcement authorities, the courts, or regulatory authorities. Bristol-Myers Squibb will cooperate in responding to such requests, in accordance with the regulatory or legal process, and will take appropriate measures to ensure that the requester understands the sensitive nature of any health-related personally identifiable information they receive. 

**Privacy Policies Governing Linked Web Sites**. As a convenience to our visitors, the Web site contains links to other Web sites that may offer useful information. The Internet Privacy Statement described here does not apply to your use of those other Web sites. Before using the linked Web sites, please review their Internet privacy statements to understand how they use and protect personally identifiable information. 

**Changes in Our Privacy Statement**. Bristol-Myers Squibb may at any time revise this privacy statement by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the most current privacy statement. 

**Online Privacy for Children**. We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years old. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child may contact us at (877) 274-0626. 

**Policy on Use of Social Security Numbers**. Bristol-Myers Squibb has a policy which provides for the proper use and protection of Social Security numbers obtained in the course of doing business by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Such policy protects the confidentiality of Social Security numbers, prohibits unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers, and limits access to Social Security numbers. This policy applies to all methods of collection of Social Security numbers, including Social Security numbers obtained by oral, written and electronic means. 

**Questions**. If you have any questions about the Web site's Internet Privacy Statement or other aspects of privacy on our Web site, please contact us at:

Bristol-Myers Squibb  
P.O. Box 640  
Palatine, IL 60078-0640  
800-332-2056  
[e-mail ](mailto:customer.relations@bms.com)
