> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoemoneyhomejobs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111113084447id_/http%3A//www.shoemoneysystem.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**PRIVACY POLICY**

## LAST UPDATED 04/2011

OUR PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES FROM TIME TO TIME.  PLEASE CHECK BACK FREQUENTLY

We realize the sensitive nature of the information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy describes how ShoeMoney Media Group Inc ("Company", “our”, or "we") collects, uses and disseminates information about users ("you") of this website ("website" or "site") that we collect online.  By using this website and/or registering for any of our services, you become subject to this privacy policy and the applicable Terms of Use, including for any dispute regarding privacy.  **By using OUR website, you agree to accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS OF USE**.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME.  It is your responsibility to review this policy frequently in order to remain aware of any changes.  Your continued use of this site following any changes will constitute you acceptance of any such changes. 

**COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION**

1.1  _Survey_ _Information_.  We collect information about you when you voluntarily complete a Company survey, order form, registration page or other online request form, (collectively, a "Survey").  In Surveys, the Company or third-party partners may ask you to provide personally identifiable information to the Company, which may include your name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, employment information, personal and online interests, and such other information as may be requested from time to time (together, "Survey Information").  You may receive incentives from the Company or third-party partners in exchange for providing Survey Information to the Company.  If a login or password is generated, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login and password information. 

1.2  _Third_ _-Party Partner List Information_.  We may obtain information about you if you provide information to a third-party partner, and the Company subsequently purchases, licenses, or otherwise acquires that information from the third-party partner ("Third-Party Partner Seller").  Such purchased information may include, but is not limited to, Survey Information ("Third-Party Partner Survey Information").  Third-Party Partner Survey Information is included in Survey Information.

1.3  _Cookies_ _, Web bugs, and Other Technology_.  We currently use cookies and web beacon technology to associate certain internet-related information about an individual with certain Survey Information about you in our database.  This internet-related information includes, but is not limited to, your IP address, the date and time you access the site, the URL that you just came from, which URL you go to next.  Additionally, we may use other new and evolving technologies as additional sources of information in the future (together, "Technology Information").  As a result, we strongly encourage you to revisit this policy for any updates regarding our use of technology. 

(a) _Cookies_.  We use “cookies” to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting our website or using our services. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. We rely on cookies for the proper operation of our website.  Therefore, if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website may not function properly. Users who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality. We do not link the cookies to any of your personal information.

(b) Web bugs.  A web bug, web beacon, or action tag is programming code that can be used to display an image on a web page, but can also be used to transfer your unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database and associate your information with previously acquired information about you in another database.  The type of information it may collect includes, but is not limited to the frequency, duration, and pages viewed by you, the time you spend on a page, your operating system, browser size, type, version and connection speed.  By supplementing our records with this information, we learn about the pages that are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see.  We may also use web bugs in email messages or newsletters.

1.4   _Individual_ _Information_.  As used herein, "Individual Information" means Survey Information, Third-Party Partner Survey Information, Technology Information, and any other information the Company gathers or receives about individuals.

1.5   _No_ _Information Collected from Children_.  Our age restrictions for different services are set forth in the applicable Terms of Use.  We do not target our sites or services to children under the age of 13, and in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we may receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database.

1.6   _Credit_ _Card Information_.  The Company may in certain cases collect credit card numbers and related information, such as the expiration date of the card ("Credit Card Information") when you place an order with or through the Company.  When you provide your Credit Card Information to the Company, such information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software.  The Company will use the Credit Card Information for the purpose of processing and completing the designated purchase transaction, and the Credit Card Information will be disclosed to Company’s vendors only as is necessary to complete the designated purchase transaction.  Credit Card Information is not included in the definition of "Individual Information" and is never shared with Third-Party Partners.

**USE OF INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION**

2.1   _Discretion_ _to Use Information_.  THE COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO USE INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION FOR ANY LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE PURPOSE IN COMPANY'S SOLE DISCRETION. The company may use Individual Information to provide promotional offers to individuals by means of email advertising, text/short message services, telephone marketing, direct mail marketing, online banner advertising, and package stuffers, among other possible uses.

2.2   _Email_.  The company uses Individual Information to provide promotional offers by email to you.  If you wish to stop receiving email promotions from the Company, you should follow the opt-out instructions described in paragraph 5 below. We may use third party partners or affiliates to send commercial messages on our behalf.  In certain commercial email messages sent by or on behalf of the Company, such partner's or affiliate's name or email address may appear in the "From:" line.  The "Subject:" line of the company's commercial email messages will usually not contain phrases such as "ADV:" or "ADVERTISEMENT".  All commercial email messages sent by or on behalf of the Company will provide you a means to opt-out of receiving future commercial messages from the company.  Please note that you may continue to receive non-commercial email messages from the Company even if you have opted not to receive future commercial messages from the Company.  Such non-commercial messages may include, for example, information about products or services you have purchased from the Company or a company newsletter to which you have subscribed.

2.3   _Targeted_ _Advertising_.  We use Individual Information to target advertising to you.  We use Individual Information to advertise, directly or indirectly, to individuals using direct mail marketing or telemarketing using telephones and cell phones.  Because the Company does market using telephones, you hereby give permission and consent to the Company or its affiliates to contact you via phone or email, and you agree to allow the Company or its affiliates to monitor or record your phone conversations.  Verbal notice may not always be provided of monitoring or recording.

2.4   _Storage_ _of Individual Information_.  The Company stores Individual Information in a database on Company computers or on computers leased through third party hosting arrangements.  Such computers have security measures (such as a firewall and monitoring) in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Company's control.  The Company cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent such computers from being illegally accessed. 

2.5   _Notification_ _of Privacy Policy Changes_.  The Company's business is always changing and the Privacy Policy may change as well.  The Company will post the changes here in the privacy policy so you are always aware of what information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it may be disclosed. You can determine if this Privacy Policy has been revised since your last visit by referring to the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.

**DISSEMINATION OF INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION**

3.1   _Transfer_ _to Affiliates or Third-Party Partners_.  THE COMPANY MAY SELL OR TRANSFER INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION TO AFFILIATES OR THIRD-PARTIES FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS CONSISTENT WITH THIS POLICY, IN THE COMPANY'S SOLE DISCRETION. The Company will transfer Individual Information to third-parties when necessary to provide a product or service that a person orders from such third-party while using Company websites and to fulfill order requests for products or services provided by the Company.  The Company may sell or transfer non-personally identifiable information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons.

3.2 _Third-Party Services_.  The Company may also share your personal information and/or aggregate information with its affiliates, consultants, auditors and other third parties who create or maintain its sites, enhance its functionality, or provide associated services such as processing your orders, delivering content, products or services.  The Company may also use a third party network provider to target advertisements to you for products and services you might be interested in.  Such advertisers may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicated advertisements.

3.3   _Other_.  We may disclose Individual Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, regulatory requests and other legal process.  We may also disclose or exchange Individual Information with other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  The Company may disclose Individual Information to protect or defend the rights or property of the Company (including, without limitation, in the event of a transfer of control of the Company or substantially all of its assets) or its websites, its products, or services, or during emergencies when the personal safety of its employees or members of the public are at risk.  The Company's websites are located in the United States.  If you are located in the European Union or anywhere outside the United States, any information you provide will be transferred to the United States.  Your use of our websites means that you consent to such transfers.

3.4   _Changes_ _to Individual Information_.  The Company provides no process or procedure with which you can use to review and/or request changes to personally identifiable information which has previously been provided to us.

**PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THIRD PARTY PARTNERS**

4.1   _Advertiser_ _cookies and web bugs_.  Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies (together, "Advertisers") who place advertisements on their websites and on the Internet generally may use their own cookies, web bugs, and other technology to collect information about individuals.  The Company does not control Advertisers' use of such technology, and the Company has no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about individuals.

4.2   _Links_.  Our websites and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of third parties.  The Company is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.

**UNSUBSCRIBE**

5.1 _Unsubscribe Procedure_.  If you wish to discontinue receiving commercial email messages from us, you may follow the instructions in each promotional email message sent by the company or complete the online form at: [http://www.shoemoneyhomejobs.com/optout.php.](http://www._____________.com/remove.)

**OTHER**

6.1 _More Information_. If you have questions about this policy, please contact us at [support@shoemoneysystem.com.](mailto:privacy@____________________.com.)

6.2 _Notice_ _to California Residents_.  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of the Company who are California residents to request certain information regarding the Company's disclosure of Individual Information to third party partners for those third party partners' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to support@shoemoneysystem.com

583911.01
