> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoemetro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161222040840id_/http%3A//www.shoemetro.com/t-security.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security Policy

Thank you for accessing the web site ("Site") of ShoeMetro™, (also known as "ShoeMetro.com"). As our valued customer, we respect you and your privacy and have taken steps to protect your personal information. 

This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information online, and by visiting our Site, all online visitors must accept the practices described in this Policy.  Note: ShoeMetro™ is not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any non-ShoeMetro.com web site which this Site links to, or such web sites that link to this Site.

**INFORMATION COLLECTION**

**Information Collection**.  Our goal in collecting information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience.  This helps us make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once, find information, products, and services easily, and provide the means to alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer. 

**Registration and Ordering** \- Note that during your shopping experience, before you use certain parts of this Site or when you are ordering products, you must complete an online registration form.  Registration prompts you to provide personal information necessary to communicate and transact with you. Such information includes, but is not limited to, your name, shipping and billing address, phone numbers, email address, and credit card information. If you have elected to use an alternate payment method, you may be required to provide additional information. We use this information solely to communicate with you, both online and offline, and will not store or keep inappropriate information in our files. Further, we may also inquire as to your gender, as well as the location of your country and your organization's country of operation, as applicable, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations. These types of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our Site, and for internal marketing purposes. For these reasons we reserve the right to communicate with you both online and offline.  In addition, if we encounter a problem when communicating with you, or in processing your order, we will utilize all the personal information to contact you.

**Email Addresses** \- Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to register for a free shoe giveaway; to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style, or product size; to sign up for our email newsletter and special offers; or to sign up for the ShoeMetro™.com Shoe Digest. Your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. We may post on our Site the names and cities of contest winners.

 **Cookies and Related Technologies** – We utilize cookies and related technologies to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you when you visit, grant you access privileges and track your use of the Site.

Note that cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. At your option, you may elect to set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of this Site, as cookies are often required to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products, thus allowing us to keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase(s). We do not use cookies or spyware of any kind to in any way infiltrate your hard drive to gather information.

From time to time, we may employ third-party advertising companies to help tailor Site content or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personal information collected by us.

**Log Files** \- As is true of most web sites, our Site server(s) automatically recognize the Internet URL from which you access this Site. Thus, we may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes, as an IP address may indicate the physical location of your computer on the Internet.

**Age** – We will neither knowingly, nor intentionally, collect personal information from children under age 13. Our Site Use Agreement requires that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us

**Reviews, Ratings and Testimonials** \- You may choose to post a product review, rate a product or provide a testimonial statement about your shopping experience with ShoeMetro.com. If you submit a review, your general geographic location may be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private), and if you so elect, any other personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review or testimonial. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information.

**Independent Reviews** \- Various independent companies permit shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores, such as ShoeMetro.com. After placing an order at ShoeMetro™, you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience. This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from the Site, whether or not you choose to provide feedback. Your feedback is collected by independent sources and are at all times governed by their privacy policies, as opposed to ours.

**USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION**

**Internal Use of Information** -We use your personal information to communicate with you, process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve our Site's content and layout, to improve our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to this Site.

 **Communications with You** \- We will use your personal information to communicate with you service announcements about our Site or your account and related promotional offers, your orders, your deliveries and related confirming communications. Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for specials, contests and promotions; to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style, or product size; to sign up for email newsletters, or for special offers, (we always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future promotional emails).  However, because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.

**External Uses** \- For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information to facilitate product deliveries. We partner with third parties (such as the U.S. Postal Service, Federal Express, DHL and others) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the services of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them information such as your name, shipping address, email and phone number.

Further, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we and related third parties utilize data encryption technologies to protect your information. 

In connection with the use of this information, we may be required to disclose such information in response to requests from law-enforcement officials conducting investigations; including subpoenas and court orders; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud, or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.

We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy.

Finally, we may share general, non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.  We do, however, at all times reserve the right to publicly disclose the name, city, and state of promotional contest winners.

**DATA AND SECURITY**

This Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to protect your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") encryption for all financial transactions through this Site. We also take several steps to protect your personal information within our facilities, with access to your personal information restricted internally, on a need to know basis only. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware, software systems and Site. For example, when you visit our Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind an electronic firewall.

**OPT OUT AND CORRECTIONS**

Upon your request, we will take any and all reasonable steps to: (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the Customer Service section of this Site, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to our Customer Support department.  Please take care not to email your credit-card number or other sensitive information.

**OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION**

As you might expect from ShoeMetro™, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through our Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. We also collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of you personal information. For example: such activity might involve someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question. When we need to store information, we will enter it into our database in a secure manner. Another example involves the use of fax machine transmissions. If you fax something to us, we will act upon the fax and then either store it in a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information. There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline, such as receipt of a letter including some return address information. As such, this Privacy Policy statement doesn't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. 

**PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES**

If we update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on this Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose.  If you are concerned with our Privacy Policies, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. If you have any concerns about this Privacy Policy, contact us at:

[sales@shoemetro.com](mailto:sales@shoemetro.com)

Thank you for shopping with ShoeMetro™!

This Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to protect your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") encryption for all financial transactions through this Site. We also take several steps to protect your personal information within our facilities, with access to your personal information restricted internally, on a need to know basis only. 

Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware, software systems and Site. For example, when you visit our Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind an electronic firewall. 
