> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoeboxed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181003132713id_/https%3A//www.shoeboxed.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Shoeboxed.com | Shoeboxed.com

  * [Company](https://web.archive.org/about/)
  * [Features](https://web.archive.org/features/)
  * [Press](https://web.archive.org/press/)
  * [Partners](https://web.archive.org/partners/)
  * [FAQ](https://web.archive.org/faq/)
  * [Contact](https://web.archive.org/contact/)
  * [Sign Up for a Forever Free Account](https://register.shoeboxed.com/)

Last Updated: May 23, 2018

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=498bd3e2-bfab-4d48-b19e-4f0aee1efb17)

## Introduction

Shoeboxed, Inc. was conceived, in part, as a way to increase consumer confidence in the Internet, so it’s no surprise that we take privacy very seriously. By visiting our site and using our services, you are accepting the practices and guidelines set out in this document (henceforth referred to as the ‘Policy’), so please take a few minutes to read it over carefully. The Policy will address how Shoeboxed (referring to Shoeboxed, Inc. and all its services and products; also refers to ‘us,’ ‘we,’ and ‘Company’ in this Policy) uses and stores the data gathered when you (the ‘User’) use its website. The Policy does not apply to or bind third parties that Shoeboxed does not control. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form-truste.com/watchdog/request. We collect the following information from our users: 

  * Registration information (first and last name, username, password and email address)
  * Mail-In Registration Information (mailing address and phone number, in addition to credit card information, which is processed by a secure third-party credit card processing service)
  * User receipts
  * User e-mails from retailers
  * User business cards
  * Data about personal items in text and picture form.
  * All other user-generated content entered in the normal course of using the Services, including but not limited to forum posts, profiles, comments, suggestions, forwarded messages, etc.
  * Feedback information
  * Passive information
  * Traffic data
  * Banking and financial information (processed by a secure third-party payment network)



## Your information in your Shoeboxed account

Shoeboxed may use the information listed above to: enforce our Terms of Service, customize and improve Shoeboxed’s software and website, provide customer service, resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems, better understand common traits of our customers in order to develop and improve Shoeboxed’s marketing campaigns, inform users of targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers unless you opt out and verify your identity. You can opt out of these messages by clicking Manage your subscription at the bottom of your e-mails and/or by contacting us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). Your data may be shared with other users if and only if you choose to share it. Registration is required if you want to use many of the services of Shoeboxed. As part of this registration, Shoeboxed will require that you submit certain information, such as your e-mail address. Any and all information submitted to Shoeboxed as feedback may be gathered and processed by Shoeboxed to improve its software and website. Shoeboxed may use anonymous information gathered through feedback for marketing purposes. Shoeboxed will not use feedback information that identifies you specifically without your permission. We gather and store certain types of information whenever you use Shoeboxed products or services. Shoeboxed records traffic data from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you are visiting within the site, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. Traffic data is helpful in identifying and fixing problems with the site. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality. Tracking Technologies: We Shoeboxed and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or customer support service providers, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to analyze trends,administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference). Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited. We use Local Storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. Shoeboxed may display on any page within the site how many times that page has been viewed. Programs are available that can help you visit websites anonymously, but using such a program may make Shoeboxed unable to provide a personalized experience for you when you use its services. Passive information is automatically generated. Shoeboxed will only use this information on an aggregated level for software and website improvement or for statistical information. Shoeboxed uses credit card processors to provide our Receipt Mail-In service. When you sign up for Receipt Mail-In, your name and payment and mailing information will be sent as necessary to these processors to provide the service. These processors are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose than processing your payment of Receipt Mail-In as directed by Shoeboxed. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. The information users provide to Shoeboxed is integral to the functioning of the website. We share such data with third parties only in certain circumstances, as listed below: 

  * Shoeboxed employees, consultants and contracted workers may use or come into contact with user information during the course of their normal working duties for Shoeboxed.
  * In certain situations, Shoeboxed may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Shoeboxed will release personal user information if it is required under the law or the Terms of Service, or is otherwise necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Shoeboxed, its employees, users or others. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our site.
  * If Shoeboxed ever tries to share your personal information except as set forth above, it will contact you and you may prevent Shoeboxed from sharing this data by opting out.
  * If Shoeboxed Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
  * Shoeboxed may directly or indirectly disclose to third parties, for their use in data analysis and marketing, data that includes information on the purchases that you have made, so long as we first de-identify that data by deleting all references to your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and credit card information, and disclose the de-identified data only in an aggregate or cumulative format that does not disclose your personal transaction history.



## How your information is secured

Your personal data on Shoeboxed is protected by a user name and password login. You are responsible for keeping your user name and password secret, and should be careful to log out of your account after you have finished any given session, especially if you are using a public computer. The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as your name, mailing address, or credit card information) on our registration forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). To learn more about SSL, follow this link: <https://www.thawte.com/siteseal/trustedlink.html>. Only employees that need to access personal information (such as customer service representatives) will have access to personal information. Shoeboxed keeps all employees informed and reminded of privacy and security practices. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). 

## Your choices about your privacy

Upon request, Shoeboxed Inc. will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may always opt not to disclose certain personal information, but that may mean that you will not be able to access certain services. For example, your name and e-mail address are necessary to complete the registration process. After registration, you can always opt out of receiving non-service related messages by clicking manage your subscription at the bottom of these messages or by contacting us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. You will receive an automatic welcome e-mail necessary to complete your registration process. You may also receive service-related announcements on rare occasions, for example, if our service is temporarily suspended. If you do not wish to receive these announcements, you have the option of deactivating your account. You may request that your account be deleted or deactivated from Shoeboxed by sending an e-mail to [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). You can add, delete or update your personal information, but Shoeboxed may retain a copy of the unrevised information. You can also add, delete or update your personal information by clicking on Account Settings upon logging in. Contact us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com) with any questions. You can unsubscribe from any of the non-service related Shoeboxed messages or newsletters by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your emailed newsletters. If you choose to use our Invite Friends feature, we will ask you for your friend’s e-mail address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail inviting him or her to visit the site. Your friend may contact us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. Shoeboxed does not post any user information along with testimonials unless we have been given permission to do so by the user. We get in touch with our users to verify that they are aware of their personal information being posted on our public site before anything is posted. The user may submit or revoke a testimonial by contacting us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). If you choose to submit any personal information on our blog, you should be aware that this information can be read, collected, or used by other users on these forums. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.Alternatively, if you used a third party application to post such information, you can remove it, by either logging into the said application and removing the information or by contacting the appropriate third party application. If you have a complaint about Shoeboxed’s privacy policy, please send it via email to help@team.shoeboxed or mail it to PO Box 1411, Durham, NC 27701 (Street address: 512 S Mangum Street, Suite 402 Durham, NC 27701). You can also contact us to opt-out of having your personal information used for certain purposes, including promotional communications, newsletters, or sweepstakes. Your complaint will be filed and reviewed by a qualified member of the Shoeboxed team. If required, you will receive a response to your message as soon as possible. If necessary, Shoeboxed will incorporate any changes that are necessary as soon as possible. 

## Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting

We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personal identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, contact us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com) or by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union click [here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. 

## Data Retention, Account & Data Deletion

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [help@team.shoeboxed.com](mailto:help@team.shoeboxed.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. When you delete your account (or ask us to do so for you – via a note to help@team.shoeboxed.com or a call to +1 919 687 4269), we delete your raw data from our databases and applications within 90 days. However, your data might still be kept in our backup files for up to one year (these backups are not accessible by any non-Shoeboxed employees). If you would like us to also delete your “action event data” (datapoints about which parts of the application you used / which actions within the app you took at what time) please inform us to do so; otherwise we would keep that data to analyze in aggregate what our users do on our platform and how we might be able to help them better accomplish those tasks in the future. 

## Links to Third Party Websites

Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Shoeboxed. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. 

## Social Media Widgets

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

## Single Sign-on

You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. 

## Frames

Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to www.shoeboxed.com. 

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

Shoeboxed may amend or change this Policy at its sole discretion at any time. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. You should periodically check the Privacy Policy to make sure you understand the current policy. 

## Conditions of use

Your use of the Shoeboxed website and other services is subject to this Privacy Policy and Shoeboxed’s Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of Delaware state law. 
