> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoesforcrews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181019192910id_/https%3A//www.shoesforcrews.com/sfc3/index.cfm%3FchangeWebsite%3DUS_en%26route%3Dinserts.Customer_Service/InternetPrivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SHOES FOR CREWS® - Slip-Resistant Footwear, Mats and Overshoes

Shoes For Crews Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting our website. Your privacy is very important to us. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to make such information available to us by submitting such information.

If you choose to share personal information with us via email, mail, phone, fax or filling out an electronic form on our website, we may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for products and services; (2) to provide you with targeted offers and advertising; (3) to contact you with information and promotional materials and offers from our company as well as from our subsidiaries, affiliates, marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties; (4) to contact you; (5) to review site usage and operations; (6) to address problems with the site, our business or our products and services; and (7) to protect the security or integrity of the site and our business.

We, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use cookies or web beacons on our site. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored in the memory of your computer when you access the site. A web beacon is an electronic image used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page. We may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information from you, including your IP address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data. This information may be used in order to: (1) remember the products in your shopping cart; (2) recognize you when you return to the site; (3) improve and personalize your experience on our site; (4) provide you with customized advertising; and (5) monitor site usage and analyze the behavior of site visitors. We do not collect any personal information through our use of cookies and web beacons, and we do not combine the non-personal information we collect through them with any of your personal information. 

You may decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. You also may be able to make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies. Check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

We may transfer or otherwise disclose information collected from and about you to the following entities for the following purposes: (1) to our service providers, suppliers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to fulfill your request for products or services from us for another vendor on our site; (2) to our service providers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (3) to our affiliates and other third parties so that they may contact you with marketing offers of their own; (4) to other companies, credit bureaus or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection; (5) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law.

We will periodically email special offers and updates to our customers that have opted-in to receive such email from us. If you do not wish to receive any email offers or updates via email, please [click here to opt-out](https://web.archive.org/sfc3/index.cfm?changeWebsite=US_en&route=c_customer.unsubscribe).

While shopping our site, please be assured that all of your transactions are protected by SSL encryption software, and every purchase you make at ShoesForCrews.com is [safe and secure](https://web.archive.org/sfc3/index.cfm?changeWebsite=US_en&route=inserts.Customer_Service/SecureShopping&differentLayout=nolayout&_cf_nodebug=true)!
