> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopnastygal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623140534id_/http%3A//www.nastygal.com/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nasty Gal - Privacy & Security - New & Vintage Online Clothing Store

## Privacy Policy Effective Date: Apr. 8, 2016

### **INTRODUCTION**

NASTY GAL TAKES PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Services (as defined below), including by customers and other persons. Except as otherwise indicated, customers and other persons using the Services are individually and collectively referred to as “you”, “your” or “Customer”, and Nasty Gal Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates are referred to as, "Nasty Gal", "we", "us" and "our." 

The family of Web sites operated by or on behalf of Nasty Gal (the "Services"), including, but not limited to, Web sites located at [www.nastygal.com](http://www.nastygal.com/), our mobile application(s), our blog(s), and any other Web site(s) owned and/or operated by Nasty Gal and any of their associated Web pages, are committed to implementing policies and procedures designed to protect your privacy and security, in addition to providing you with the best possible online experience. To achieve that goal, we want you to understand what kinds of information we gather from and about you, how this information is used, shared and safeguarded, and how you can control its use. In order to offer various products and services to our Customers, Nasty Gal needs to collect certain information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Nasty Gal has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the [TRUSTe program](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/program_requirements_website_privacy.html). In order to view our relationship with TRUSTe please visit the validation page visible by clicking on the TRUSTe Seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the Web site, [www.nastygal.com](http://www.nastygal.com/) and our mobile application. The TRUSTe Certification does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this Web site, or social networking applications. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact us at [Privacy@nastygal.com](mailto:privacy@nastygal.com) or to Nasty Gal Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 523 W. 6th Street, Suite 330, Los Angeles, CA 90014. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe [here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request). 

Nasty Gal complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Nasty Gal has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Nasty Gal’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. 

In conjunction with this Privacy Policy, you should also review our [Terms](http://www.nastygal.com/terms-of-use/) for a more complete understanding of the rules governing our Services. [Click here](http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/index.html) for information on Internet safety and security from the Federal Trade Commission. 

### **INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU**

Information we, our service providers and other third-parties, collect from you will vary, depending on how you use the Services and information you may choose to provide to us (whether through email, phone, internet or otherwise). 

_Personal Information_ : We, our service providers and other third-parties, may require Customers who visit the Services and/or purchase products on the Services to give us personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is individually identifiable information about you, your friends and contacts, that we collect online, including, but not limited to, your full name, a user name and password, email address, phone number, physical address, financial information, and your credit card information and other billing information. Information in a form that (a) is aggregated with other information, (b) anonymized, or (c) is otherwise is detached, combined, organized, segmented, modified or processed, in each case so as not to be reasonably capable of being associated with you, will not be considered Personal Information, and will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy as to use, sharing or otherwise. You can choose not to provide us with Personal Information, but then you may not be able to fully take advantage of certain features of our Services and we may not be able to provide you with certain requested information, products and/or services. 

When you use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version. 

If you create an account using your login from a third party service, like Facebook or Twitter, we will access and collect the information that your privacy settings on that third party service permits us to access so that we can create your account for you. We will also collect the contact information of your friends, if you choose to connect your contacts and address book information with your account, so that you can connect with your friends when you use our Services. 

_Automatic Collection of Information_ : Like many Web sites on the Internet, we automatically track certain information about you as you visit and use our Services to help us (i) better understand, improve and modify the Services, (ii) better understand how the Services are used and experienced, and (iii) better understand how we can enhance your or others overall experience on one or more of the Services, including providing advertising and other information that is relevant to you. This tracked or automatically gathered information may include, among other things, your computer’s IP address (Internet Protocol address), browser type, the URLs and pages on the Services you’ve visited, sections of or content on pages on the Services on which you click or in which you are interested, the number of times you visit each page on the Services, what downloads and/or search queries you have made, and how long you spent on particular sections of the Services and on the Services generally. This automatically gathered data includes information provided through the use of "cookies", local storage, e-tags, log files and "clear GIFs" (described in more detail below). We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. 

_Information from Cookies_ : When you visit our Services, we may send a small file to your computer (a “cookie”) which is stored there so that we can recognize your computer as a unique machine the next time you visit the Services, and which also enables us to, among other things, to tailor the Services to your’s and other users’ needs. You are always free to decline any cookies we use if your Internet browser permits. However, please note that by declining cookies, certain functionalities of the Services will not be available to you, including that you will not be able to establish a shopping cart session or make a purchase online through the Services. Additionally, some of our third-party service providers working on our behalf may also utilize their own cookies. 

_Information from Clear GIFs_ : Also, we and our third-party service providers sometimes use "clear GIFs" in connection with cookies and other website functions and emails. Clear GIFs perform administrative functions (but without detracting from your online experience), including being used to perform statistical and administrative tasks such as measuring traffic on the Services and its Web pages, verifying advertising avenues and positioning images on the web, and allowing us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and email marketing campaigns by letting us know which marketing emails have been opened by you or other recipients. However, please note that clear GIFs do not collect Personal Information. 

Information from e-tags and scripts: We and our third-party service providers use e-tags and scripts in analyzing trends, administering the Web site, tracking users’ movements around the site, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. Also, our third party partner may use technologies such as tags and scripts to gather information about your activities on this Web site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. 

Use of local storage: We use local storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. Additionally, third-parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Web site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please [click here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html). 

_Advertising_ : As mentioned above, we may partner with third party ad network(s) to either display advertising on our Services or to manage our advertising on other Web sites. Our ad network partner may use cookies and/or Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Services and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you do not wish to have this information used for the purposes of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by [clicking here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union, [click here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising, and you will continue to receive generic ads. 

### **HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED**

The use and sharing of information about you depends on the context in which it is collected. Please see the categories below that relate to the features and functionality of the Services that you wish to utilize. 

_Personal Information_ : We may share the Personal Information we collect from you only with your consent, and personal information you provide about others, as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy, or under the following circumstances: 

_User-Requested Services and Information_ : For information, features, products and services offered and/or provided by the Services, the information you submit is used by us to provide the information, feature, product or service you've requested, including being used for internal purposes such as tracking your order, analyzing your preferences, and noting trends and statistics. We may combine and supplement the information we collect about you, with information from third parties, and add it to your account information. This may include publicly available demographic information from the US Postal Service in order to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud. We will use this information for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We may also share this information with others, but Personal Information will be shared by us only to fulfill your request or to facilitate your use of the information, features, products or services, or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy. When sharing Personal Information in such a manner, we may also share your Internet Protocol (IP) address. In addition, we may use and share any registration information that you submit as described in the “Registration Information” section below. 

We may use other companies and individuals (1) to perform supporting functions for the various tools, functionality, information, products and services offered on or through our Services on our behalf, (2) to perform or support various tasks or initiatives instrumental to the business of, or related to operating or improving, the Services or (3) to assist us in testing, maintaining or improving the features, content or effectiveness of the Services or in performing research or development. These service providers (for example, credit card processing companies to bill you for goods purchased on the Services, email service providers to send out emails on our behalf, etc.) may be permitted to receive and use information collected from you or for internal purposes on an aggregated and/or anonymous basis (where you cannot be personally identified), but will not be authorized by us to use Personal Information for any other purpose other than in connection with performing the support functions for Nasty Gal or such other tasks, initiatives or assistance for Nasty Gal. 

Some pages may have the look and feel of being on www.nastygal.com, however the information collected on these pages may not be covered under our privacy statement. All information collected on www.nastygal.com is owned and controlled by Nasty Gal privacy statement. 

_User-Initiated Communication_ : From time to time, portions of the Service(s) may enable you to send email and other types of messages to us and to participate in blogs, product reviews, and other discussion groups. All such emails, reviews, comments and messages, and all such postings to blogs and/or discussion groups, become our property once you submit them (please see our [Terms](http://www.nastygal.com/terms-of-use/) for more details on this). Your Internet Protocol (IP) address may be included in any email that you send, whether to us or to third parties. Whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communication with us, or anyone else, you may be contacted in return. Also, remember that our Services and blogs are open to the public, and, therefore, your postings can be seen by anyone and are therefore not protected by us or any other entity. Please use your own discretion when deciding whether and what to post and whom to contact. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit or delete postings from our Services, blogs, and discussion groups. This reservation of rights shall not under any circumstances obligate us to conduct such edits or deletions, nor shall it cause us to be liable for any such edits or deletions. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us at Unsubscribe@nastygal.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

_Protection of rights_ : We may release Personal Information or other information we collect from you if we believe that such action is appropriate to: (1) comply with legal requests and processes; (2) enforce the [Terms](http://www.nastygal.com/terms-of-use/) for the applicable Services; (3) identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who are or we believe have caused or might cause injury to us or a third party; (4) defend or respond to claims brought or threatened against Nasty Gal, its employees, directors, suppliers or service providers, users of the Services or others; or (5) otherwise protect or assert the rights, property, interests or personal safety of Nasty Gal, its employees, directors, suppliers or service providers, users of the Services or others. Any such release decisions may be made by us in our sole discretion. 

_Record Keeping_ : It may be necessary for Nasty Gal keep records of certain Personal Information you have provided to us or which we have obtained from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy for business purposes, including but not limited to for internal accounting and administration, to supply you with information about your account, to respond to inquiries, to enhance customer service and product options, to improve product performance, promotions, and special offers where you voluntarily supplied your personal details, to administer sales records, to provide information about us, our products, services and special offers, and to analyze usage on our Services. 

_Business or Asset transfers_ : We continue to develop our business and in doing so may choose to buy or sell our business or related assets. Personal Information and other information we collect from you is generally one of the assets acquired or transferred in such transactions. 

_Registration Information_ : The Personal Information you provide when you become a registered user of and create an account on one of the Services is used primarily to provide the information, features, products and/or services you purchase or request, to help us customize or enhance your or others’ online experience, and to increase the convenience of accessing new or existing tools, products and services on the Services. If applicable, this Personal Information may also be shared among the Services to make use of the Services more convenient by, for example, limiting the number of times you have to register with us. Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system, and together with your password, is designed to help us prevent unauthorized access to information you choose to store on the Services. The data you give us about your personal preferences and demographics (e.g., your age, ZIP code, or the like) may be used to help us offer tailored content, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to you. In addition, we may share this information, in aggregate or other protected forms (see the section entitled “Information We Collect From you: Personal Information,” above) or under confidentiality terms, with our current and/or future service providers so that either they or us can present and deliver products, functionality and services to you more effectively. 

_Promotions and Marketing_ : Unless you specify that you'd prefer not to hear from us, if you provide your email address to us (whether on the Services or on a third party Web site) for promotional or other purposes at the time of registration or otherwise, we may use this to contact you for promotional or other purposes. You may have these communications terminated and opt out at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in any promotional email or contacting us at Unsubscribe@nastygal.com. If applicable, please be aware that opting out on one of our Services, does not opt you out from any of our other Services unless that option is specifically provided. Please note that despite unsubscribing from such communications, Nasty Gal may still contact you in relation to your order(s), purchase(s) or any issues relating any business you conduct with Nasty Gal. Please note that in certain instances, your name and/or email address may have been provided to us through our friend referral program. In this case, we may contact you via a one-time email. We store this information for the purpose of sending this one-time email and other internal purposes, including but not limited to tracking the success of our referral program. You may contact us at [Privacy@nastygal.com](mailto:Privacy@nastygal.com) to request that we remove your information from our database. 

_Internet Protocol (IP) Address_ : When sharing Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we may also share your Internet Protocol (IP) address. 

_Forgot Your Password?_ : If you forget your password for any registered area of the Services, we have an automated password recovery system, which can be accessed by following these steps: (1) click on “My Account” in the upper right corner of the Services and choose “Log In / Create”; (2) click “I forgot my password” in the “Sign In” section; (3) enter the email address you used to register previously; (4) you will receive an email titled “Nasty Gal Password Assistance” at the email address you entered; (5) click on the link included in the email, which will bring up a secure web page which allows you to reset your password. 

_Non-personal Information_ : 

_Automatically Gathered Information_ : Information that is automatically gathered, including through the use of cookies (as defined above), may be shared among the Services, if applicable. It may also be shared with other third parties, including service providers and others, so that we may better understand how the Services are used, to enhance the overall experience on the Services, and otherwise in connection with our operation of the Services and conducting related business. When such information is shared with third parties, any Personal Information will be included only if first put in aggregated or other protected form (see the section entitled “Information We Collect From You: Personal Information,” above) or the third party is contractually restricted from using such Personal Information for any purpose other than in connection with the purpose for which it was shared by Nasty Gal. 

_Social Media Features_ : 

Our Services include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features on our Services are either hosted by a third party or directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the respective privacy policy of the company providing such feature(s). 

### **CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

Our Services are general audience Web sites and are not directed at children under age 13. Nasty Gal nor the Services do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under age 13, and if you are under the age of 13 you should not register or provide information on our Services or to Nasty Gal. If you have knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has submitted Personal Information to us, please email [Privacy@nastygal.com](mailto:Privacy@nastygal.com). 

### **HOW CAN I ACCESS AND CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?**

To view, edit or delete the Personal Information that you submitted on the Services during registration, the purchase of a product or service, or otherwise, please follow these steps: (1) click “My Account” in the upper right corner of the Services and choose “Log In / Create”; (2) fill out the “Email” and “Password” fields in the “Sign In” section, then click “Sign In”; and (3) You will then be able to modify your account settings, including your email address and/or password related to this account, addresses and credit card information (if any). 

If you would like us to delete/remove your Account, or for us to no longer use or share Personal Information we may gather from you to market information to you, with our agents, affiliates or other service providers, please send a request to [Privacy@nastygal.com](mailto:Privacy@nastygal.com). We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 

However, archival or backup copies of Personal Information will not cease to exist and Nasty Gal shall not be liable for any problems in this editing process. 

Please keep in mind that any change you request regarding Personal Information may adversely affect or otherwise change the availability, deliverability or quality for you of information, features, products or services in which you are interested or your experience on or relating to the Services. 

We will retain and use your information as may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

### **HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?**

Whenever Personal Information is stored on our computers (which may be for an indefinite period, or a more limited time based on obsolescence or other factors), that information is protected from unauthorized access or use by way of passwords or other industry-acknowledged means. In addition, servers of ours that store this information are located behind a firewall. Since certain Personal Information (such as credit card data) is especially sensitive, we take special care to keep it secure. We will only electronically transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections using generally accepted standards, and security keys. In addition, we require password authentication from any third parties you have authorized to receive this information. Finally, to the extent that we may ask for and will store for a period of time Personal Information consisting of your credit card number or financial information, this information will be stored on secure designated servers where access is limited to individuals in departments charged with using such information only in connection with processing your orders and/or payment for products and services purchased; provided, however, that those orders and/or payments processed by our business partners, marketing allies and/or service providers that provide or participate in providing the services or products requested or that participate in the payment processes related to such may store such information on their servers which are governed by such third party’s privacy policy and security procedures. 

Of course, we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and others' privacy. We hope you'll use common sense whenever you disclose Personal Information over the Internet. Just as importantly, we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that Personal Information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy. Finally, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet nor any storage of information on servers or other media can be guaranteed or made to be 100% secure; and while we strive to protect Personal Information, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, we cannot promise, guarantee or warrant the complete security of information. To contact us, please send an email to [Privacy@nastygal.com](mailto:Privacy@nastygal.com). 

### **SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY: OUTSIDE LINKS**

Be aware that our Services link to other Web sites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices, nor the content, associated with any linked Web sites. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other Web sites or contact the respective Webmasters of those Web sites to obtain information regarding their information collection, security, use and disclosure policies. 

### **SPECIAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES**

We strive to create a global community with consistent standards for everyone, but we also strive to respect local laws. If you are a user or non-user who interacts with Nasty Gal outside the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. 

### **EFFECTIVE DATE AND MODIFICATIONS**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above. We reserve the right to update, change, modify or otherwise alter this Privacy Policy at any time.  If any material changes are made to this Privacy Policy, Nasty Gal will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Services or notifying you through the Services prior to the change becoming effective.  ANY ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOU AFTER THE CHANGES GO INTO EFFECT SHALL CONSTITUTE AND BE DEEMED YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Services in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices. If you do not want to be bound by this Privacy Policy, do not use or access any part of the Services. 

### **CONTACTING US**

If you have concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices in general, contact us at:  
Privacy Administrator  
Legal Department   
Nasty Gal Inc.  
523 W. 6th Street, Suite 330  
Los Angeles, CA 90015  
Email: [Privacy@nastygal.com](mailto:Privacy@nastygal.com)

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/Nasty-Gal/validation?rid=3b6bd737-58ec-445c-9c63-0cce0c378bd4 "TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification")
