> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopkick.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150428143522id_/http%3A//www.shopkick.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# shopkick | privacy policy

At shopkick, Inc., we are very focused on making the shopkick experience a great one for you. We have great respect for your personal privacy — this concern is at the heart of our company. In order to provide a useful service to you when you are shopping, though, we need data from you; otherwise we cannot give useful offers and ways to earn rewards, which match the environment or location you are in, and that match the preferences you have. Our commitment to you is that whenever we collect and process data from you, we will do so with your and the other shopkick users’ benefit in mind, either for immediate benefit or for longer-term benefit, by making the shopkick experience better and better for you. In this document, we provide our Privacy Policy to you to inform you in more detail of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the information that we collect and receive from users of our Services. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service <http://www.shopkick.com/terms-of-service> This Privacy Policy applies to information that is provided or collected through all the Services provided by shopkick, Inc. 

## What Information Do We Collect?

### Non-Personally Identifiable Information

When you sign up for your Account or use our Services (either on your mobile phone/device through the Application or though other devices), our servers may (i) automatically record information that your mobile phone/device sends or transmits, including your device type, your device ID number (for example, your UDID), user settings, your geographical location (if you consent to that) (for example, when you check-in or walk-in to a location) and information about your use of the Services such as offers viewed and/or used, stores visited, information you entered, (ii) record which search terms you used, or which referring/exit pages brought you to our page, and date/time information, (iii) record certain non-personally identifying information record information provided by you, such as your gender or date of birth, (iv) record, determine or use information about or from another content delivery platform, and (v) record information derived from such above information and other sources such as entries and offers viewed on our website or on our social media presence, or information provided by Affiliated Partners (collectively, _“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”_ ). 

### Personal Information You May Provide To Us

When you use our Services, we may ask that you provide us with some personally identifiable information—information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use or potential use of the Services and related services ( _“Personal Information”_ ). Personal Information that we might collect may include things like your name, mobile phone number, other phone numbers, email address, home address, and, if you elect to share this information with us, store loyalty card numbers for our Affiliated Partners’ (as defined below) stores and other stores, and, where useful for your use of the service, credit card, debit card or store card information. Personal Information may also include other information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of using the Services. 

### Information About You We May Obtain Through Other Sources

We may also use additional methods to collect your Personal Information when you are physically visiting the store of one of our Affiliated Partners, such as when a device with your Application and user ID active scans product barcodes or checks in, or based on presence location data gleaned from a mobile device with your shopkick user ID active. If you do not wish to have your Personal Information collected by these methods, you may not be able to earn and redeem rewards as part of the Services. 

The Application and Services include geolocation and location presence awareness technology and functionality intended to make the Application useful at the particular location it is being used. For example, the Application may offer rewards points based on presence in a store, provide a reminder of items previously liked at the store, or show the highest-rated deals at the store. To offer those benefits, we must of course be able to determine that the Application is being used in a particular store. To do that, we may use the signal of our “shopBeacon” presence technology devices (or another geolocation or presence technology) which are located in various locations, for example, in a store. Those devices broadcast signals that can be received by a phone on which the Application is installed. When the phone receives the shopBeacon signal, if consent has been provided to receive notifications or messages from the Application (please see our Terms of Service), we may send a message or an image through the Application, for example, about available rewards points or an item previously liked at that store. Thus, shopBeacon can send a welcome after entering a store and show location-specific rewards, discounts, deals and recommendations, without the need to remember to open the Application. To make the Application and Services operate better, consistent with the other terms of this Privacy Policy, shopkick may also collect other information based on shopBeacon signals, for example, the strength of the signal between the shopBeacon and the phone, the duration the phone is near the shopBeacon, or the battery level of the shopBeacon itself, including when the Application is in the background or not running. To avoid geolocation data from being used or received by shopkick while the Application is in the background or not currently running on the phone, it is possible to switch off notifications near or at stores in the Settings of the Application at any time. Please rest assured that any uses of shopBeacon and other geolocation and presence technology innovations in the Application or Services are intended to ensure the best, most rewarding experience. 

We may also receive Personal Information from Affiliated Partners provided by you in the course of your using their services, or from third parties (e.g., white pages listings providers), subject to the limitations of the Privacy Policies of those Affiliated Partners or third parties. 

### Information About Transactions at Affiliated Partners

To provide you with further potential rewards and/or offers from certain Affiliated Partners, we may receive information about transactions that you make at an Affiliated Partner including the Affiliated Partner name, the location, the date and time, the transaction amount, the purchased items and other personal information about you (“Transaction Data”), from payment processing vendors, from banks or from credit or debit card networks or issuers (“Transaction Providers”). Unless the privacy policy of the Affiliated Partner that you accepted already allows for this information sharing, we will ask for your permission (by your explicit opt-in) in order to receive this information. In case we need to share Personal Information with Transaction Providers to identify you to be able to receive the Transaction Data that determines whether offers or rewards apply to you, then we will ask for your permission (“opt-in”). 

## How Do We Use the Information?

The terms “using” and “processing” information, as used in this policy, include using cookies or other storage means on a computer or mobile device, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our subsidiaries within the United States or internationally. 

### Personal Information

We use Personal Information only for the following purposes: (i) to administer the Services, (ii) to provide, improve and optimize the Services, (iii) to personalize your experience, (iv) to provide you with software updates and/or product announcements, (v) to better understand users' needs and interests, and (vi) to provide you with further information and offers from us that we believe you may find useful or interesting, such as targeted advertising and promotional campaigns. 

We may match data from your transactions with Affiliated Partners and/or the content information with our usage data in a personally identifiable form in order to perform accounting reconciliation and/or provide targeted offers and/or rewards or discounts to you; but to protect your privacy, our Affiliated Partners and shopkick will perform this matching in a protected environment that does not allow our Affiliated Partners to gain Personal Information you have not opted in to disclose to them, unless you choose to identify yourself at the Affiliated Partner’s store as a shopkick user to use an offer or redeem a reward (e.g., by telling the store’s cashier your cell phone number, or by using a loyalty account that has been linked to your shopkick account). By enabling an Affiliate Partner to identify you as a shopkick user, you are allowing them to identify and store that transaction as a shopkick-related transaction along with your shopkick identifier. 

### Non-Personally Identifiable Information

information about our users generally, and thus, for example, to improve features and functionality of the Services and to make more relevant We may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information for a few purposes. We may analyze trends through aggregated demographic and psychographic offers to users. We may also share this Non-Personally Identifiable Information with our Affiliated Partners to allow them to assist us in delivering tailored advertisements, promotions, sweepstakes, discounts, and other incentives to you when you use the Services. Any information shared with Affiliated Partners in this context will not contain nor be linked to your Personal Information unless you have given us your explicit consent through an “opt-in” mechanism on the Application. For example, an Affiliated Partner may want to offer a discount on its products to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, women ages 25-40 who have viewed certain content). If the Non-Personally Identifiable Information that we have collected about you meets this description, you would be able to view and use the discount offered by the Affiliated Partner. 

### Loyalty Card Information and Affiliated Partners

If you have entered a store loyalty card number of a participating store or other affiliated partner who the Services are being sponsored by, or whose brand, product or service name(s) are included on the Services, or for whom the Services are provided in partnership with ( _“Affiliated Partner”_ ), we may share Personal Information with that Affiliated Partner, including your loyalty card number (but as to data regarding your usage of Services, only the usage data that relates to that Affiliated Partner will be shared). In addition, we may request your permission to allow us to share your Personal Information with Affiliated Partners; you are not required to grant such permission in order to use the Services, but if you do consent, we may share Personal Information with one or more Affiliated Partners (as to data regarding your usage of Services, though, only the usage data that relates to a particular Affiliated Partner will be shared with that Affiliated Partner). In all other cases, we will only share data with Affiliated Partners in an aggregated (i.e., not personally identifiable) form for analysis and marketing purposes, with the goal to improve the Services further, or to permit the Affiliated Partner to analyze the effectiveness of its marketing efforts. If we share Personal Information with an Affiliated Partner, we will require in our agreement with that Affiliated Partner that this information not be shared outside the Affiliated Partner except to contractors or service providers for use solely to supply operational or analysis services to that Affiliated Partner, but we cannot ensure our Affiliated Partners’ compliance with these agreements. 

### Use of Cookies

We may use “cookies” (a cookie is a small data file that is kept in your device’s memory for record-keeping purposes), and/or other storage on your device to help us collect, maintain, and use this information, for two purposes. First, to make the interactions easier and more personalized for you, we may utilize persistent cookies to save information relating to your Account and/or activity for future interactions with the Services. Second, to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage by shopkick users and web traffic routing on the Services, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Services and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your browser. At any time, you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Please understand that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the Services. 

### Usage Patterns

We may also use data collection tags or directives such as “pixel tags,” Javascript scripts, API calls, or similar means (individually or collectively, “Usage Tracking”) in combination with cookies and the demographic or psychographic data we have collected, and with third-party analysis partners, to analyze usage patterns of users anonymously and to serve advertisements to you that are tailored based on our analysis of what we believe you would respond favorably to in light of the information that we have collected or accessed about you as described above. A “pixel tag” is an electronic image, often a single pixel and often transparent, that is placed on a web page and may be associated with cookies on your hard drive. Usage Tracking allows us to count users who have visited certain web sites and pages within web sites, or used applications or features, to analyze the behavior of users of our web sites and application, in order to improve the web sites and application, and to personalize and determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. 

## When Do We Share Information?

We will not share your Personal Information with anyone else except to provide the Services, when we otherwise have your permission, or under the following circumstances: 

### Personal Information

In order to take advantage of an incentive being offered by an Affiliated Partner through the Services, you must provide the Affiliated Partner with identifying information (which may include Personal Information) at the point of sale, to enable the Affiliated Partner to verify that you have a shopkick Account. The Personal Information you provide to the Affiliated Partner in this context will only be used by the Affiliated Partner to record the transaction you make at the time you are redeeming an offer, and the Affiliated Partner will then share the transaction information with us. Any Personal Information used in this context will be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to share Personal Information with an Affiliated Partner, you can choose not to provide your store loyalty card number and not to take advantage of the offer when entering into transactions with that Affiliated Partner. 

### Non-Personally Identifiable Information

As discussed above, we may share with third parties or the public (e.g., through white papers or press articles) aggregated information in a form that does not disclose your Personal Information, nor be reasonably likely to allow you to be personally identified, for industry analysis, demographic profiling and similar purposes. We share this aggregated information so that our partners also understand how interested our users are in their products and services, so that they may also provide you with an optimal online experience, and so that additional retail or brand partners can see the opportunity in shopkick and may also become partners and further enrich the Services and offers for our users. 

### Service Providers or Agents

We may employ or partner with third party companies and individuals to process your payments, facilitate our Services, to provide all or a portion of Services on our behalf, to perform Services-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, download provisioning and improvement of the Services' features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information but only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. In some instances, these third parties will be able to make use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information for other purposes. 

### Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.

We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We reserve the right to track IP addresses for the purposes of fraud prevention, and to release IP addresses to legal authorities. We will disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties when we believe reasonably necessary to comply with law, to protect the property and rights of shopkick or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

### Business Transfers

We may sell, transfer or otherwise share your Personal Information in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of our company (or our assets) or in the event of our bankruptcy; this is the only case in which we may sell Personal Information we collect from you or from your use of the Services. 

## How Can I Change or Delete My Personal Information?

You may review, update, correct or delete your Personal Information in your registration profile by contacting us or by making the appropriate modifications in your Account preferences. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your Account and/or remove your records from our system, please contact us and we will delete your account within 45 days if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record. 

## Is My Information Secure?

We employ administrative and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. In addition, we will delete information after it is no longer useful for providing the Services. 

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Services in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

## International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Our Privacy Policy and its protection for you still applies there. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, shopkick may transfer your Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

## Links to Other Sites

Our Services may contain links or API’s (e.g. data or content exchange interfaces), to external services or websites of other partners or advertisers, including our Affiliated Partners, for information or functionality or services. If you choose to visit a partner or advertiser by “clicking on” or selecting a button, service, banner ad, or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s resources. The fact that we may link to or incorporate a partner's services, functionality, or website, or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement, is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party services, functionality, websites or other resources, including their use of personal information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information to a third party. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit to learn more about their privacy practices. These other parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or device, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Our Privacy Policy only applies to the Services and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. 

## Children’s Information

The Services are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a member is under the age of 13 and has provided us with Personal Information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete such information from our files. 

## Agreement and Changes to this Privacy Policy

By using any part of the Services, you agree to the current Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, to which this Privacy Policy is incorporated. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, discontinue, or terminate any or all of the Services or to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice to you. Any modifications will be effective immediately as of the date the modified Privacy Policy is posted on our website. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have posted a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Services. 

## How Can I Contact shopkick?

We are always trying to make shopkick’s services better. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [myprivacy@shopkick.com](mailto:myprivacy@shopkick.com). Our office is located at 999 Main St., 2nd Floor, Redwood City, CA 94063.  Phone: (650) 763-8727. 

If you would like to change your email unsubscribe setting, please follow this link <http://app.shopkick.com/shopkick/v1/user/show_email_unsubscribe>. 

We hope you will enjoy using shopkick. 

Last Updated: May 9, 2014. 
