> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopforyourcause.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180902194147id_/http%3A//www.shopforyourcause.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Shop for your Cause

This privacy policy was last modified on 06/13/2014. 

This privacy policy covers the collection and use of personal information collected for the websites, www.shopforyourcause.com and all URL"s which are owned by the parent company (Shop for your Cause, LLC incorporated in Arlington, VA) and directly mapped to this site: these include www.shopforyourrescue.com, www.shopforyourchurch.com, and www.shopfortheland.com. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we collect and how we use it. 

**What information is collected.**  
We take the privacy of users of this website very seriously. Because we gather certain pieces of your personal information, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and ultimate use of that information. Shop for your Cause, LLC gives users the opportunity to contribute a percentage (in rare cases a flat-fee) of their online purchases to participating schools, churches, and nonprofit organizations. While registration is not necessary, if the user chooses to register, they must provide us with their Name, e-mail address, zip code, and a password so you may log back into the site. Cookies, Local Shared Objects on Our Site and Digital Finger printing Cookies. Shop for your Cause uses cookies to provide you with a more customized experience and ensure that the donations arising from your shopping and other activities online are credited to the intended organizations. A cookie, or Local Shared Object (Flash Cookie) is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information, but do contain a unique user ID and may contain IDs for the Causes you have selected to support through the Site. If you choose to register, the user ID is linked to your account, allowing you to track your donations. Depending on participating merchant policies, tracking cookies are set when you visit our site, when you visit a merchant site, or when you click on the link provided by the Shop for your Cause Software. We set cookies to store your user name (if provided), your favorite Cause and other information so you don't have to enter this information every time you visit our Site. We also use cookies for non-registered users to track them based on an anonymous user ID. Cookies also enable us to track users sessions on the Site, such as features that you use, actions that you take, and the information you access. We use this information to target the interests of our users and enhance their experience on the Site. Similarly, we use this information in statistical and aggregate formats to assess the effectiveness of our Site and to better understand your priorities and interests. The Shop for your Cause Software collects and transmits back to our servers certain information that is not personally identifiable such as which Internet browser you are using, which version of our software you downloaded, your software application preferences and whether you have certain features enabled or disabled. In addition, the Shop for your Cause Software transmits information to us to let us know when you visit the website of a Merchant and when you make a purchase from that Merchant to help us ensure the Cause that you have chosen receives the applicable donation for your purchase. Shop for your Cause Software may collect and transmit to Shop for your Cause information about the web sites you visit and your activities on those web sites, which may include the purchases you make (or decide to abandon), searches you perform, ads you see or click through, videos you watch, and/or non-personally identifiable, data you submit into web forms on web sites. Generally, all of this information is collected and transmitted on an anonymous basis, using an anonymous user ID, and is not associated with your name, email address or other personally identifiable information. However, you should be aware that if you submit personally identifiable information into web forms, this information may be transmitted back to Shop for your Cause. However, we will not use such personally identifiable information for marketing purposes nor intentionally associate it with non personally identifiable information about you. 

**What information is NOT collected.**  
We do not collect credit card info, social security number, or software or hardware attributes/information. We only collect the information that you voluntarily share with us. Credit card information is handled by the merchant who you are shopping through. We simply act as a portal and never see nor have any access to your credit card information. 

**How We Keep Your Information Secure**  
The security of your personal information is of vital importance to us. At Shop for your Cause, our security measures consist of firewalls, regular internal audits, password protections and vulnerability scans. 

Any sensitive information that we may have access to, such as order transaction information needed to be able to make payments to your cause (this is contained in third party reporting and is secured using their own security devices). 

**Your Privacy with Shop for your Cause**  
Shop for your Cause will never ask for any of your personal log-in information via an unsolicited phone call, e-mail, or written letter. The only time there is communication about these pieces of information is when you as the user proactively communicate with Shop for your Cause inquiring about this information. 

**Member Communication**  
Shopping via Shop for your Cause has more perks than just getting to donate a percentage of the purchase to your charity. We work tirelessly to give you the best deals and coupons for your favorite stores. We will e-mail you with these special offers as well as other important information about the charities you shop for. You may unsubscribe from these mailings anytime you like within the respective e-mails. 

**Communication with non-profits**  
At times and for certain charities we will share information so they can analyze and have a better idea of what is going on within their membership base. This will only consist of a certain set parameter of your e-mail address. 

**Privacy Policy Terms of Agreement**  
By using the Shop for your Cause website, you consent to the policies and practices described in this privacy policy and agree to have your personal information collected by Shop for your Cause (or its agents or contractors) and transferred to and processed in the United States. If you do not accept this privacy policy, please do not shop via Shop for your Cause or use the website in any fashion. 

**How we may use your data**  
We may share your Personal Information with the following third parties: 

  * Affiliated third parties (for example, our database administrators) for the sole purpose of helping us do our work. These groups do not share your Personal Information or use it for any purpose other than as instructed by us. 


  * If you sign a petition, please be advised that, even if you uncheck the box 'Display my signature publicly', your Personal Information may be delivered to the intended recipient of such campaign and/or the creator of such campaign either electronically or in writing; the Company does not in any manner monitor or attempt to verify the intended recipients of any campaign and/or the creator of any campaign and disclaims all liability regarding the accuracy of the intended recipient(s) of all campaigns and/or creator(s) of all campaigns. Please note further that if you choose to display your signature to a petition publicly, you are also consenting to the disclosure of your name, city, state and a link to your Shop for your Cause user profile on the landing page for such petition, indicating that you have signed such petition; this information will be visible to any visitor of our website, including search engines and other organizations which provide archival internet activities 


  * If you would like to receive direct communication from the organizations you support, you may choose to have us pass your Personal Information to such organizations; please note that whenever you choose to have us pass such Personal Information to an organization, we will additionally inform the organization of the source campaign where you made this election. Please also be advised that the default settings for our petitions assume that you wish to receive further communications from the organizations we work with; if you do not wish to receive such communications, please e-mail support@shopforyourcause.com and inform us of such. Otherwise, we assume that you give consent to Shop for your Cause to communicate this information with different organizations. If you choose to receive direct communications from the organizations you support, please be advised that: (i) Shop for your Cause has no control over the content, frequency and/or any other aspect of such communications; and (ii), it is fairly common practice for organizations to rent or trade the names and addresses of their donors with other organizations. Accordingly, we strongly urge you to review the terms of service, privacy policies and/or other like policies of any organization prior to consenting to our transmission of your Personal Information to such organization. 



In addition, we may utilize your Campaign Activity Information for internal purposes to help us personalize the experience for each user and to operate, maintain and improve the features and functionality of our website. Please note that if you choose to make some of your Campaign Activity Information public (such as publically displaying your signature to a petition or making a comment in a public forum), 3rd parties will have access to such information. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve the ads displayed on our website. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email or phone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see [http://optout.networkadvertising.org](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company: (1) may disclose information about its users if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; and (2) may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) enforce our Terms of Service; (b) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties; (c) or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its users or the general public. 

In the event that the Company is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. 

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time. Users may review changes at any time via the Privacy Policy link on this website. If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. If you have opted out of e-mail communication, we will e-mail you anyways as we deem this more important. 

**Contact**  
If you have any questions about this privacy policy please contact us at: [admin@shopforyourcause.com](mailto:admin@shopforyourcause.com)
