> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopittome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190313181349id_/https%3A//www.shopittome.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Shop It To Me

Shop It To Me takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy governs our websites, mobile applications, and related services, including ShopItToMe.com and any other websites and services we own or operate whether accessed directly, via mobile software, or through a third party application or service ("Service(s)"). This Policy describes our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information on our Services. Other than as set forth herein, we will not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties without your specific permission. 

By visiting or using any of our Services, including e-mail alerts, you consent and agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use and that you may be transferring your data to, and consent to having your data transferred to, and processed in, the United States. 

Throughout this Privacy Policy we may refer to Shop It To Me as "us" or "we," and we may refer to you as the "user" or "end user." 

**1\. Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information**

The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve our Services and your experience with Shop It To Me, such as by customizing content (including advertising content), responding to e-mail requests, and communicating with you. We gather the following types of information: 

**A. Information You Provide to Us:** We may receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any way. This may include your name, nickname, email address, mailing address, password, telephone number, date of birth, photos, gender, shopping, price and brand or size preferences, purchase and return data, and any other information you provide in your profile or registration or otherwise provide to us, such as when ordering a product (which may include your credit card and related information), entering a contest or sweepstake, filling out a survey, writing or commenting on the site or app, providing feedback, requesting information, applying for a job or submitting an affiliate agreement or sending messages or performing searches. 

**B. Logging in Via a Third Party Site:** We collect information when you register to join our Services by logging in via an account that you already have with a third party social network site ("SNS") such as Facebook or Twitter. For example, our Service may allow you to create an account and login to the Service using your Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. If you create your account using your SNS credentials, you are using the personal information you provided to the SNS (such as your name, email address, and other information you make available via the SNS) to create your user account on our Service, and, with your permission, may enable us to access additional information to enable us to enhance and personalize our Service to you; the information we receive and collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS, so please consult the SNS's privacy and data practices. 

You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to participate in or utilize the activity or Service, such as receive email alerts, post comments to our websites, create a user profile, perform searches or queries, send messages, purchase products or services, or communicate with us. 

**C. Uses of User Provided Information.** We use this information to provide our Services to you, enhance the operation of our Websites, improve our Services, marketing and promotional efforts, analyze use of our website(s) and mobile application(s), administer sweepstakes and contests, and to promote our Services to, and tailor your experience with, third parties as provided in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. Our mobile applications, browser extensions, and websites may send you notifications, such as alerts, sounds, and icon badges. Push notifications or in-app messages may include both operational messages and promotional messages regarding products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you. When using mobile applications, push notifications and other mobile alerts can be configured in the settings of your mobile device. As with emails, even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional push notifications, such as those about your use of the applications or our ongoing business relations. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, track complaints about merchants and retailers, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. For example, if you comment or otherwise choose to display a preference of or on any of our Services, or send our customer service an email, we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our Services, and/or post or display your comment or preference in our marketing materials or on our Website. Your comments may contain personal information such as your name and if provided, your profile picture, and if so, if you have not already consented to posting it for public view (e.g. if the sharing is not readily apparent in utilizing the activity or via your profile settings), we will obtain your consent prior to posting it for public view. In addition, if you use our Service to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information. 

**D. Automatic Information:** When you interact with us, we use technological tools such as "Cookies," "Log Data," and other identifiers to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Services, including our Website or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Shop It To Me on other sites. Examples include your IP address, unique device identifiers, session ids, computer or mobile device make and model, operating system, browser program and version, pages you requested, shopping and purchase preferences and history. We may use this data to, among other things, tailor, customize and enhance our products and services as well as your experience with third parties (as provided in Section 2), and to help diagnose, operate and administer our Services. 

Our Service may automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Websites and their components. This data is only used in the aggregate, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. We use this information to design and improve our Services, and may provide this information to partners so they can understand how often users use areas of our Websites. 

When you visit our Websites, we, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect certain information, such as the URL of the website you visited prior to or after visiting our Services, through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer our Services, analyze trends, gather demographic and retail preference information, enhance and customize our Services, measure the effectiveness of our online advertising, content and programming, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers, Retailers and Advertisers for these purposes. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. 

**E. Email Communications:** We may receive confirmation via HTML code when you open an email from us, which helps us measure our Services and ensure reduce or eliminate duplicate e-mails. If you no longer wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, please unsubscribe or change your profile settings. We will need to continue to send any administrative or transactional e-mails, such as regarding purchase transactions. 

**F. Tell or Refer A Friend or Buy For a Friend:** IIf you use our referral service to refer Shop It To Me to a friend, or buy a deal for a friend, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit and join Shop It To Me or with the gift you bought for them, and notify them that you are a member. We store the friend's information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, sending their gift, and tracking the success of our referral program. If you choose to participate in our referral programs, you represent and warrant that you have a personal relationship with your referral and that you are authorized to share their information with us for the purpose of sending this communication to invite them to join the Services. If you believe that one of your contacts provided us with your Personal Information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at [support@shopittome.com](mailto:support@shopittome.com) to request that we remove this information from our database or use the "unsubscribe" function in the e-mail to block future invitations. 

**G. Information from Other Sources:** For purposes such as improving personalization of our Service, we may receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information, including details of the purchases (and any associated returns) you make at retailers where you were referred by us (excluding any credit card information). 

**H. Cookies or Other Data Tracking:** A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer or mobile device for record-keeping purposes that contains information about that user. We use cookies to save you time while using the Websites, remind us who you are, and track and target user interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages and applications you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Websites. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please [click here](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/). PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES. 

Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies (the "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies). We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of Shop It To Me's most attractive features and if you decline or delete them parts of the Website may not work properly. 

We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or unique identifiers (UDID) or advertiser identifiers in mobile applications, and we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Websites, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Websites, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes. 

**I. Mobile Applications.** If you access our Services via your mobile device, we may collect or receive information that uniquely identifies your device (unique device identifiers or UDID, MAC address and IP Address) and other information you may choose to provide, including email address, geo location or email address, or information you approve, such as accessing your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join the Service. In addition, in the event that our Mobile Application crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model, software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Mobile Application. 

**2\. Will Shop It To Me Share Any of the Information It Receives?**

We neither rent nor sell your personally identifiable information to anyone. We share your personal information only as provided herein or with your consent, to the entities described below. 

**Affiliated Business We Do Not Control (Such as specified Merchants and Retailers):** We are affiliated with a variety of businesses and work closely with them. We provide Services or promote or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses and other business partners. You can easily recognize when an affiliated business is involved in your transaction. We will only share personal information that is related to such transactions or is necessary for the affiliate or business partner to complete the transaction. 

**Agents/ Third Party Service Providers:** We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide our Services to you ("Third Party Service Providers"). Examples include sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, performing surveys, tracking clicks, analyzing data, administrative functions and website operations, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. We may also provide your personal information to agents who will use it to verify aggregate usage data that we provide to our partners. These Agents may not use your information for any other purposes. 

**Social Networking Sites (Sharing Information and Posting).** In the event we allow Users to link their Social Networking Sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google or Pinterest) to our Service, we may share the information in your Shop It To Me account (including your Personal Information) with the SNSs that you link to your Shop It To Me account. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless the SNS has received your Personal Information independently of the Service) and not for other purposes. Users can then post recent activity on our Service back to their Social Networking accounts. You will be prompted to decide whether or not your activity on the Service will be shared and disclosed on your Social Networking accounts or services. You can disable the foregoing feature at any time by logging into your profile and selecting the option to disable such Social Networking account and feature. Further, you may be able to edit your privacy settings for the content that you post which appears on such Social Networking accounts by specifying such options when you create or edit your profile on the Service. 

**Promotional Offers:** We may send offers to certain users on behalf of other businesses. However, when we do so, we do not give the other business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive these offers, please notify us by e-mail at [support@shopittome.com](mailto:support@shopittome.com). 

**We may remarket your information.** Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with our Websites. We may hire third-party marketing vendors, such as Google, to perform remarketing services. As a result, such third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites on the internet, and may use cookies to serve specific ads based on a user's prior visits to our Website(s). Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. This information is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose. 

**Discussion Forums, Blogs and User Generated Content:** The information you provide us in connection with your user profile or any content you post to the Website may be used to facilitate and provide your requested Services within the Website and/or your request for our services through other websites (such as if you request our assistance with a related merchant or retailer). Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in blogs, comments, messages and chat areas, within your public profile page including your profile picture, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by us and others and may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels and may be viewed by the general public. 

**Communication About the Website or in Response to Your Requests:** As part of the Website and our Services, you will receive email and other communication relating to your use of the Website or your user account. You acknowledge and agree that by posting information on the Website or otherwise using the Website, we and our agents may send you email, contact you or engage in other communication that they determine in their sole discretion relate to your profile or use of the Website. We may use a user's email address (or telephone number for text and multimedia messaging) to send updates, a newsletter or other news regarding our Services. 

**Business Transfers:** In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets or business. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets transferred. Moreover, if Shop It To Me, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, customer information would be one of the assets transferred or acquired by a third party, and you consent to such transfer. 

**Protection of Shop It To Me and Others:** We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms) and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Shop It To Me, our employees, our users, or others. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

**With Your Consent:** Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties. 

**3\. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information**

As stated above, you can always opt not to disclose information, but then you may be unable to use certain features on our websites. As also stated above, we rely on your consent to use your information as described herein. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at [unsubscribe@shopittome.com](mailto:unsubscribe@shopittome.com) or following an unsubscribe link in any marketing communication you receive from us. 

**What Information Can I Access and What Can I Delete?**

You can access your personal information on our websites and correct, amend, or delete information in your registration profile. To do this, you may login to your account ([www.shopittome.com/login](https://web.archive.org/login)) and click "edit preferences" to view and edit your profile or contact [support@shopittome.com](mailto:support@shopittome.com) and we can help you resolve anything you wish to change. Please note that certain administrative data cannot be removed, such as previous purchase and transaction history and any friends you've referred, and certain other information may remain in our records after editing or deleting your account information. If you would like us to stop tracking such data, please unsubscribe to the Service, by either clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any email, logging in and unsubscribing from the Website or contacting [unsubscribe@ShopItToMe.com](mailto:unsubscribe@ShopItToMe.com). If you create digital content on or through our Website (such as reviews, comments or a blog) you may delete that content, but if the content has been reposted on other sites by Shop It To Me or other users, it cannot be deleted. Users may post comments or post blogs. Such writing cannot be deleted. With respect to our mobile and other applications, you can prospectively stop all collection of information by the application by uninstalling the application and unsubscribing from the service using the methods above. 

You may request deletion of your Shop It To Me account by sending a message to [unsubscribe@ShopItToMe.com](mailto:unsubscribe@ShopItToMe.com). Please note that even after your account has been disabled, information may remain in our records after deletion of your account. 

As a condition of use of our Services, we will send you Administrative and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of "Administrative Emails," which relate to a User's activity on the Website, such as regarding your account, requests or inquiries, or purchases of products and services. If you no longer wish to receive Promotional e-mails, such as Alerts, you may unsubscribe from the Service by e-mailing us at [unsubscribe@ShopItToMe.com](mailto:unsubscribe@ShopItToMe.com), by writing to us at the address contained herein, or by hitting the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any of our e-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Shop It To Me Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. 

**Choices under EU law**

If your Personal Information is subject to the protections offered by EU law, you may:

  * Access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "Contact Us" section 8 below;
  * Object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information;
  * Withdraw your consent at any time if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent;
  * Complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including US and Canada) are available .)



To exercise any of these rights please contact us in accordance with the contact details set forth below in Section 8 below. Please note that if you are not subject to EU law, these rights do not apply to you.

**4\. Security of Information**

We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. Certain sensitive information, such as purchase and credit card information for purchases made through our site, is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. 

We endeavor to protect user information to ensure that the user account information is kept private, however, unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failures, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time and no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of account information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information. For more information about the security measures we use in connection with the Website, please contact us at [support@shopittome.com](mailto:support@shopittome.com). 

**5\. Third Party Websites**

This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on www.ShopItToMe.com. Shop It To Me may permit you to link to other websites on the internet, and other websites may contain links to the Shop It To Me Website. These other websites are not under Shop It To Me's control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Shop It to Me of those other websites or their services. Other websites that may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices and their practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you link to any such website, we urge you review the website's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. For example, see our discussion of utilizing Social Networking Sites, such as Facebook Connect, above. 

**6\. Does Website Collect Info from Children (U13)?**

Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for our websites or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [support@shopittome.com](mailto:support@shopittome.com). Shop It To Me does not sell products for purchase by children. In certain instances, we sell children's products for purchase by adults. 

**7\. Conditions of Use:**

If you decide to visit the Shop It To Me Websites or use our Services, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law. 

Our business changes periodically, and we may amend our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use from time to time, at our sole discretion, to reflect such changes. If we make such changes, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website or sending you an email so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. Unless stated otherwise (such as during a specific purchase process), our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. 

**8\. Questions/How to Contact Shop It To Me:**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or about our practices with respect to Personal Information, or if you wish us to delete your personal information from our database, or should you wish to stop receiving communications from us, please notify us at:   
Email: [privacy@ShopItToMe.com](mailto:privacy@ShopItToMe.com)  
Mail: Attn: Privacy Officer, Shop It To Me, Inc. 3527 Mt Diablo Blvd #393 Lafayette, CA 94549 USA 

Should you contact us by any of the above means, please provide sufficient information for us to identify your account. Your privacy is important to use, and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns as soon as reasonably possible. 

**9\. Notice of Privacy Rights to California Resident**

California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the "Act") and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Website and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice. 

Effective date: May 25, 2018, Last Updated: May 23, 2018

©2019 Shop It To Me, Inc. All rights reserved. 
