> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopathome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061218233253id_/http%3A//www.shopathome.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ShopAtHome: Privacy Policy

## ShopAtHome.com's Privacy Policy

ShopAtHome.com's Privacy Policy is divided into two sections, Cash Back and Catalogs, so it can clearly address the issues relevant to each major component of our ShopAtHome.com Shopping Portal

## Cash Back Privacy Policy

We at **ShopAtHome.com** take your right to privacy seriously. We developed this Privacy Policy, in conjunction with our [ Membership Agreement](https://web.archive.org/web/20061218233253id_/http%3A//www.shopathome.com/TermsAndConditions.aspx), to ensure that: 

  * You fully understand your rights as a ShopAtHome.com member and Toolbar user 
  * You recognize ShopAtHome.com's responsibilities to you, and
  * You recognize our commitment to upholding your privacy.



Please read on to learn: 

  * What information we collect
  * Security
  * How we use information collected
  * Your privacy as related to our Affiliate Stores
  * How you can change your information



**What Information We Collect and Why**  
Our goals at ShopAtHome.com are to provide our members with the most current shopping information, keep them informed of the best deals on relevant products, and maximize their "Cash Back" rewards. The primary way we accomplish these goals is by utilizing the power of our consumer membership base to gain access to special deals and promotions, and to negotiate sales commissions from both well-known national retailers as well as specialty boutiques (our "Affiliate Stores"). We then share this commission with you, as a ShopAtHome.com member, in the form of real cash.   Consequently, when you first register with ShopAtHome.com, we ask you to provide your name, email address and password so we can notify you of your Cash Back rewards. ShopAtHome.com may also collect certain information online deriving from your navigation of ShopAtHome.com and our Affiliate Stores. We collect this information to ensure that you receive your cash back rewards and to better understand what type of stores and specials to pursue. 

Members who have elected to download our Toolbar also receive shopping alerts based on their browser activity. These alerts can be for special deals and/or stores that are pertinent to our members' shopping needs. A history of links to our Stores may be kept in order to better personalize our members' shopping alerts. 

ShopAtHome.com uses cookie technology to understand general information on site traffic trends such as most frequently visited pages or Affiliate Stores. This information is captured on an aggregate basis, is not specific to individual users, and enables us to continually improve our Web site content and navigation. We also use cookie technology for login and navigation between the various components of our Site. 

We sometimes make available to users on our Site specific offers from third party companies. Please note that any personal information that you provide on our Site to take advantage of such third party offers may also be retained by ShopAtHome. 

This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. 

**How We Ensure the Security of Your Information**  
ShopAtHome.com has security measures in place to protect the information within our control from loss, misuse or alteration. We have appropriate industry standard procedures in place to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, such as firewall and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. However, no data transmitted over the Internet can be 100% secure. Consequently, while ShopAtHome.com makes every effort to protect your personal information, any information that you provide to ShopAtHome.com or its Affiliate Stores is transmitted at your own risk.

**With Whom We Share Your Information**   
Our primary use of your personal information is to process your Cash Back reward checks and to maintain your Member account. Your browser activity is used to trigger personalized shopping alerts if you have elected to use our shopping Toolbar. ShopAtHome.com may also store and use your personal information for our own internal mailing and database purposes. The composite tracking information generated by cookies, as outlined above, may be shared with third parties for the purpose of documenting site activity and other trends. In the course of our day-to-day business, we may employ outside companies and individuals to perform functions for us, such as removing duplicate information from customer lists or providing database analysis. These vendors have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. All emails distributed by Belcaro Group, Inc. d/b/a ShopAtHome, or ShopAtHome.com have simple opt-out mechanisms should you decide you do not want to receive these offers from us.

**Your privacy as related to our Affiliate Stores**  
In order to grant your cash back rebate, our Affiliate Stores pass back to us the amount of your order as well as your unique customer ID. With these two pieces of information, we are able to make sure the right rebate goes to the right person.   ShopAtHome.com's site contains links to our Affiliate Stores. Each of these stores maintains its own privacy statement and we encourage you to read these individual policies. We can neither enforce nor monitor the Privacy Policies of Affiliate Stores. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by ShopAtHome.com, on our site.   ShopAtHome.com does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third party Web sites including all framed sites. Moreover, ShopAtHome.com disclaims all responsibility for the subsequent use of an email address or any other personally identifiable information you have provided to an Affiliate Store.

**How you can change, correct and update your information**  
As a ShopAtHome.com member, you can change the information we have on file for you at any time, simply by clicking on the [Edit My Profile](https://web.archive.org/web/20061218233253id_/http%3A//www.shopathome.com/Account.aspx) link at the bottom of the Cash Back homepage; or clicking on the [My Preferences](https://secure.shopathome.com/discounts/coreg.asp) on the left side of the Cash Back homepage; and making your desired changes. Upon enrollment, ShopAtHome.com members are opted-in to receive ShopAtHome.com Cash Back newsletters and special email promotions, as well as ShopAtHome.com Catalogs newsletters and special email promotions. ShopAtHome.com announces its latest deals and special offers in these emails, sometimes before they are posted on our site. On every one of these emails you are given the choice to unsubscribe from the mailing or you may opt out from Cash Back emails [here](http://discounts.shopathome.com/CustomerCare.asp); and from Catalogs emails [here](http://catalogs.shopathome.com/optout.asp). Please allow up to 7 business days to process your email request or account changes. You may receive several additional emails from us while we are processing your unsubscribe request. 

**Miscellaneous**  
As our company changes and grows, we might sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that ShopAtHome.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your member information may be one of the transferred assets.   By enrolling in the ShopAtHome.com program, you agree that you have read, understand and agree with our Privacy Policy, and the [Membership Agreement](https://web.archive.org/web/20061218233253id_/http%3A//www.shopathome.com/TermsAndConditions.aspx), in its entirety, and consent to be bound by all said Terms and Conditions. You further acknowledge ShopAtHome.com's right to change this policy, without prior notification, and our commitment to post any such changes on this page so that you are fully informed. We encourage our members to check back from time to time, as your continued enrollment in the ShopAtHome.com program shall be deemed to be your acceptance of the modified terms. 

## Catalogs & Magazines Privacy Policy

We at Belcaro Group, Inc. d/b/a ShopAtHome.com are committed to protecting your privacy. We take your right to privacy seriously and have developed a Privacy Policy that we pride ourselves in upholding. 

Please read on to fully understand: 

  * What information we collect
  * Site security
  * How we use information collected
  * With whom we share that information
  * How you can change your information
  * How you can opt-out.



**What information we collect, how it's collected and how it's used.**   
When placing an order on ShopAtHome.com, you are asked to enter the following important information: 

First & Last Name  
Billing Address  
Mailing Address  
Email Address  
Credit Card Information (only if needed to process your order) 

We require this information in order to email you an order confirmation and to completely process your request. 

When signing up for membership, we ask that you provide us the following information:

First & Last Name  
Email Address  
Mailing Address (if not already on file from previous orders) 

ShopAtHome.com uses cookie technology to recognize you as a member and automatically log you in to the Site. Cookies are also used to aggregate site flow of all users, to aide in our Site usability enhancements. If your browser does not support cookies, or if your cookies are turned off, you will be asked to supply your login information (email address and password) each time you place an order with ShopAtHome.com. 

**Ensuring your personal information is securely stored.**  
Our site has security measures in place to protect from the loss, misuse or alteration of the information within our control. For your financial protection, once your order is processed, we do not maintain your credit card information in any form of shopping cart or basket that is accessible via the Internet. You will be asked for this information each time you place an order that requires a credit card. 

**If you do not place an order or register with ShopAtHome.com, we do not collect any personal information about you.**   
Our Web server automatically recognizes the home server of visitors (the IP - Internet Protocol- address) but not email addresses. Therefore, individually identifiable email addresses are not captured or stored for future use, unless you provide them by ordering a product or signing up as a member of ShopAtHome.com. ShopAtHome.com uses your IP address to understand general information on site traffic trends such as most frequently visited pages or categories. This information is captured on an aggregate basis and is not specific to individual users. This aggregate information enables ShopAtHome.com to continually improve its Web site content and navigation. 

ShopAtHome.com also has an Affiliate Program by which sites can direct traffic to ShopAtHome.com in exchange for commission. To ensure proper payment is made to all Affiliates, ShopAtHome.com tracks the volume of traffic and orders generated from these Affiliate sites. 

**With whom does ShopAtHome.com share your information?**  
When you request a catalog or order a product, we forward your contact information to the catalog or magazine company so that they can promptly fulfill your request. By ordering a catalog or magazine, you are opting-in to receive direct mail and email from the specific publisher. The catalog and magazine companies maintain individual privacy policies. By visiting their Web sites, you can fully understand the individual privacy policies of each of the client companies from which you have requested information, and may request to be opted-out from their future communications. This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. 

**You can change the information we have on file for you at any time.**   
If you are one of our ShopAtHome.com members and would like to view and/or change your email address and/or password, simply click on the [Edit My Profile](http://catalogs.shopathome.com/Account.aspx) link at the bottom of the Catalogs homepage, or click on the [Account](http://catalogs.shopathome.com/Account.aspx) link to the right of the Cart icon at the top of the Catalogs homepage; and make the desired updates. If your street and /or billing address has changed, you may modify them when you place your next order. 

## Contact Information

If you have additional questions or concerns about ShopAtHome’s Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us:

Belcaro Group Inc.  
7100 East Belleview Avenue, #208  
Greenwood Village, CO 80111  
Phone: 303-843-0302 ext 154 / Fax: 303-843-0377  
Email: privacy@BelcaroGroup.com

Belcaro Group uses its best business efforts to address the privacy concerns of its users in a timely and thorough fashion. After communication with us, if you feel that our efforts have not adequately addressed your privacy concerns, we are happy to provide a liaison to further review your concerns. You may contact the Denver/Boulder Better Business Bureau at [www.denverbbb.org](http://www.denverbbb.org/), or via telephone at 303-758-2100. 

[ 1006 ] 
