> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopatdisney.in privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318122521id_/http%3A//www.shopatdisney.in/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy comes into effect from Oct 1 2010

Thank you for visiting [www.shopatdisney.in](https://web.archive.org/) Your visit to this website is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.

By accepting the Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

This privacy policy covers the use of the website  [www.shopatdisney.in](https://web.archive.org/) which is owned and independently operated by Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “the Website”). The brand ‘Disney” ’ belongs to The Walt Disney Company (India) Private Limited,  and is being used on this site under license from Walt Disney Company (India) Private Limited . The policy is issued by Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd which may be referred to by full name or as Net Distribution or NDSL or ‘We’.

Much of the personally identifiable information we receive comes directly from guests who are interested in obtaining various products and services from us. We may also collect other types of information such as gender, age, number of children, and personal interests, which we may associate with personally identifiable information. Typically, this information includes the guest's name, postal address, e-mail address,  telephone number gender, age, religion, race, nationality, work, occupation, interests, marital status, children , family, travel, hobbies, credit card, bank, addresses and names of friends and associates directly from you. If you purchase products or services from us, we will note, for example,  the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase. We may collect personal information when you register on, log on, or visit our Website, including when you participate in activities on our Website, such as, contests, games, and informational and promotional offers, and when you provide information to our customer service representatives. 

In addition we may collect information about you from third parties for verification, credit worthiness, payment history, address verification. And from your visits to websites of Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd and its partners and associates including pages visited on our websites, your website visit pattern and purchase pattern. In addition we may obtain information about you from public sources. We may update and supplement personally identifiable information that we have collected directly from our guests with other information that we obtain from third parties. In addition, we may obtain personally identifiable information about individuals who are not yet users of our Websites or guests of the Website. In addition, when we associate information that we obtain from third parties with personally identifiable information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third parties.

The use of this information is purely for the use of conducting the transaction or for marketing purposes. This includes sending you email messages, SMS (Tex Messages using mobile cellular technology, telephone calls, letters and other communication. We may share this information with its marketing partners, consultants and third parties for the purpose of making special offers to you as a customer of Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd.

We may also call you on the telephone and as an existing customer will not specifically refer to the Do Not Call Registry for this purpose. By purchasing products from Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd websites, you are deemed to be a customer of Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd and we may contact you on phone, email, mail and face to face to conduct our business with you or to resolve matters related to our business with you.

We collect information through technology to make our sites more interesting and useful to you and for various purposes related to our business. For instance, when you come to one of our sites, we collect your IP address. An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet, and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites, and we may combine IP addresses with personally identifiable information. 

Our Website collects information through a variety of technical methods, including cookies and Web beacons. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Website. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of the Website. Cookies, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. 

We may use the information collected through these technical methods for many purposes, including delivering content, tracking and enhancing our guests' experience on our Website. For example, when you return to our Website after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. We also may use technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Website, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Web site, and third party web sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit other websites. In HTML e-mails that we send our guests, we may use technical methods for a number of purposes, including: to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails, to customize the display of banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed the e-mail, and to determine whether a guest has made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular e-mail. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable. 

Many advertisements are managed and placed on our Website by third parties. These companies are called "network advertisers." Network advertisers who place advertisements on our Website may use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Websites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to obtain more information about the practices of some of these network advertisers and to make choices about their use of your information, please click here. Finally, please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on our Website and link to a third party's Web site, then our Privacy Policy will not apply to your personally identifiable information collected on that third party's web site and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your personally identifiable information will be handled. 

We may also implant other tracking software on your computer which track your website surfing and visitation and may use this information to interact with you to conduct a web chat or to track your movement within the site for other reasons

The list of types of information that we collect may change from time to time and we reserve the right to collect this information where it is related to our business with you or our potential business with you. We may use technology available from time to time to help us with analysis and decision making.

When you register with the website , subscribe to any of our newsletters, or opt-in to receive special offers and new releases sent to your email address, your contact information (including your name, address and e-mail address as requested) is added to our secure database access is limited to authorized persons.

From time to time, we will send you information about new titles, features, additions, and changes to  products and services being sold on the website

We may share contact information and your order information with other units within our group company websites, and respectable 3rd parties. We may also share your information with "3rd Party" vendors (such as a "mailing" house) who will be authorised to use this information solely to perform services on our behalf.

If you contact us in regard to technical support, questions about your order, or any general inquiry, your email address will only be used in response to your inquiry. Your email address will not be added to our database.

Data collected is stored on secure servers provided by third parties. As such we take every precaution to ensure that this information is kept in a secure fashion. However any loss of data by the third parties is not our liability and if such an occurrence happen we will inform you via your registered email address within 48 hours of us being notified

We do not store any credit card information and as such this information is not available to us. Please do not share this information with any one during any after sales interaction with employees or contractors or suppliers of Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd

The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration (that is, your postal address, e-mail address, or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), or modify your opt-in choices, by going to our member services centers. Or you can email us at [unsubscribe@shopatdisney.in](mailto:unsubscribe@shopatdisney.in) In some cases, you may need to visit the Guest Services center on a particular website to change your preferences associated with that website. There are instructions on the start page of the link above to help you recover your password if you've forgotten it. If you need to recover your password, you can also contact us via e-mail at [service@shopatdisney.in](mailto:service@shopatdisney.in) . Please include information in the e-mail that will help us identify your account so we can assist you with your request. We may also provide you an opportunity to update your contact information and/or modify your opt-out choices by sending you an e-mail or other communication that invites your response. Finally, you may unsubscribe from certain e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe links in those e-mails.

We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we amend this Privacy Policy to permit material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you of such amendment by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of such amendment on the Website covered by this Privacy Policy. Any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following either our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or our posting of notice of the changes on the Website covered by this Privacy Policy. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the amendment described in the notice. In any event, an amendment to this Privacy Policy may permit material changes in the way we use and share personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of such amendment. If you do not wish to allow such material changes, you must so notify us (in the manner we specify) prior to the effective date of the amendment. If you provide us this notice, we may choose to deactivate your account. Please be advised, however, that, regardless of whether you provide such notice to us, any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information that you provide us on or after the effective date of such amendment.

If you have any concerns about your privacy or need to report any issues relating to your privacy that arise from the conduct of your business with Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd please write to

The Compliance and Legal Officer  
Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd  
A 302 Dipti Classic   
32/34 Suren Road  
Andheri East  
Mumbai 400093  
India

Or email [legal@ndslindia.com](mailto:legal@ndslindia.com)
