> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopandwin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101125073007id_/http%3A//www.shopandwin.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | shopandwin.com

At PCH shopandwin.com (hereinafter "shopandwin") we take your privacy seriously, which is why we developed this privacy policy to explain and detail our online information collection and use practices. Unless otherwise noted, the information and descriptions in this privacy policy are limited strictly to online transactions and do not apply to the off line privacy, data collection and data transfer policies of shopandwin.

Shopandwin may occasionally change the features and content found on this site. Consequently, our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the site. We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices.

**ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY**  
By completing and submitting a registration, entry or transaction at shopandwin you signify your agreement to this privacy policy. If you do not accept this privacy policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy. You should check this page periodically for any changes and to insure you are familiar with our practices. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page. This policy and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user. Policy last updated: November 5, 2010.

  * 1\. Why does shopandwin collect personal information?
  * 2\. What information does shopandwin gather or track?
  * 3\. What are Cookies and how does shopandwin use them? 
  * 4\. Does shopandwin disclose user information to third parties?
  * 5\. Can I opt-out of shopandwin's data collection and/or distribution?
  * 6\. What about external web sites?
  * 7\. Does shopandwin allow users access to their information for review and updating?
  * 8\. What does shopandwin do to keep their site secure?
  * 9\. Does shopandwin collect information from users outside of the United States?
  * 10\. Does shopandwin collect personal information from children?
  * 11\. Your California Privacy Rights
  * 12\. Further Questions?



**1\. Why does shopandwin collect personal information?**  
We collect certain personal information from our visitors to process and fulfill online orders for products or services we offer and to process sweepstakes and contest entries. For example, we need your full name, e-mail and mailing address to fulfill any order you may choose to place at shopandwin and to verify eligibility and enter you in the sweepstakes and contests that are offered at our site. As detailed below, we may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others.

To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web experience, we also collect and use personal data to identify users' specific interests and needs. If given permission, we may notify our users of offers and information we feel may be of interest to them available from shopandwin. If you do not want to receive such offers you may follow the unsubscribe procedures located on the shopandwin.com registration and entry page online registration and entry pages. Our online registration and entry pages contain a clearly identified checked box indicating that by submitting the form you wish to receive email offers from shopandwin. Users may unsubscribe from by clicking to remove the check in the permission notice box before submitting the registration and entry form. You may also login to the "My Account" section of this site to update your privacy and permissions choices. Please note, if you unsubscribe from our email program we will continue to send you transactional emails providing important information about your transactions on shop and win.

**2\. How and what information does shopandwin gather or track?**  
Shopandwin collects personal data from our users primarily during the initial registration process on our site. Any information we seek to collect that may be optional will be so indicated.

Shopandwin may by itself or with the services of a third party web analytics company (i.e. Google analyst, Core Metrics, Omniture) use "cookies" to better understand your users interests and provide you relevant offers and information. Information generated by the Google analytical cookie about your use of shopandwin (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States.

As described below, through the use of "cookies", "pixel tags" and registration forms, shopandwin may collect personal data on, among other things, the following information: Demographic (Age, Gender, Income Level), Technical (IP address, domain name, email address, site traffic) and Reference (Name, Land Address, Telephone Number, Password). When you order gifts on our site, we will ask you for your third party contact information including name, mailing address and e-mail address. We will use this information only for the purpose that it was collected (i.e. to fulfill the gift order).

Based upon your interests while visiting shopandwin we may display advertisements or content on other web sites you visit that match the interests indicated during your visits to our site. Similarly, if you visit other sites we may allow them to post advertisements or content to you on shopandwin that matches the interests you indicated during your visit to these third party sites.

shopandwin. may aquire or append data to your file from third party web sites that you have visited including sites where you may have provided information in response to a survey. This information will be used to more accurately direct offers and advertisements to you that match your interests.

From time to time, we may post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name. We will obtain the customer's consent prior to posting these testimonials. If you enter information into any blog or chat room that may available at shopandwin you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in this forum.

**3\. What are Cookies?**  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer's hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. They record certain information from sites that you visit. The use of cookies is now an industry standard, and users will find them on virtually all major commercial web sites. Cookies enable us to recognize you and personalize your viewing experience on the shopandwin site. For example, we use cookies to recognize user access privileges to shopandwin, track site usage and traffic patterns, add advertisements for goods or services that we think may interest you, and estimate our audience size. We also use cookies to store user names and information that are supplied at registration.

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. It is measured anonymously and only in the aggregate. The information in the cookies lets us trace your "clickstream" activity (i.e., the paths take by visitors to our site as they move from page to page). Cookies do not capture your individual email address or any private information about you.

Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, if you prefer, you can decline the placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate feature(s) of your web browser software (if available) to delete the cookie. Customers may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on their browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

"Pixel tracking", a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites, involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding. Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of these advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics. A "pixel tag" is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites you may visit and is used to track an individual user's activity. We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our offers with your interests. For example, if you visit our Web site from an advertisement on another site, the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that their advertisement brought you to the PCH site. If you visit our website and we link you to another site we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third party web site. This data is collected for use in our marketing and research. Personally identifiable information about you is not collected by the third party advertising company, nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag allowed to be used by them for any other purpose other than to report web site activity to us.

**4\. Does shopandwin disclose user information to third parties?**   
Shopandwin will disclose and share information you provide with our parent company, Publishers Clearing House/pch.com. You should review the full Privacy Policy of pch,com at [here](http://www.pch.com/infocenter/privacypolicy.shtml?cm_re=PCH.com-_-TopShell-_-Dec08Privacy).

Shopandwin discloses user information in aggregate form to marketing partners. For example, we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited shopandwin over a period of time, but we will not tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer, unless that user has given us permission to do so.

The personal information our users provide to us may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources.. This allows us and our marketing partners , with permission, to present our users with offers and information geared towards their interests. We require each permission based e-mail our partners send to include a simple opt-out process that will enable you to stop receiving promotional e-mail from them in the future. We will only deal with marketing partners who offer products or services that we believe may be of interest to our users. Nevertheless, shopandwin.com is not and cannot be responsible for the activities or privacy policies of these third parties.

In order to comply with the Can Spam act of 2003, we may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing shopandwin advertisements that may be sent by such partners. Such information will be shared in a secure manner. We may use a third party to verify your address, in order to process your order prior to shipping In the event of a merger, acquisition, or change of control of shopandwin, customer data would be considered a business asset and would be transferred. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the safety and security of our users.

We may use third parties such as credit card processors and e-mail service providers to provide order fulfillment and e-mail delivery services on our site. Handling and transfer of credit card information will done using encryption and we will use industry leading security measures for the processing of payments.

**5\. Can I opt-out of shopandwin's data collection and sharing?**  
Receiving email messages from shopandwin, our affiliates and partners is optional. As noted earlier, the collection, use, and distribution of personal data helps us create a more personalized, relevant, and intelligent web service for our users. While some basic data is necessary to provide certain services, such as entry into the sweepstakes and the fulfillment of products ordered through shopandwin.com, there are some cases where the submission of information is optional. If you choose to opt out of data sharing, shopandwin will still collect information for our own use if you continue to engage with the site.

We will not contact you with e-mail offers if you follow the opt-out procedure located at the permission notice box appearing on the shopandwin registration and entry pages. If you receive commercial e-mail messages from shopandwin after previously providing permission on our site and no longer wish to receive such offers you may always follow the unsubscribe procedures which will be found within the commercial e-mails. . You may also contact us either through "Ask Us section of shopandwin or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving, Privacy Affairs, shopandwin.com, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050.

It is important that we effectively communicate with you regarding your transactions at at the shopandwin site and so we will sent you transactin emails to keep you informed. These may include but are not limited to transactional e-mails confirming when you (1) Register at our site; (2) Enter one of the sweepstakes or contests that are promoted on our site; and (3) Place an order on our site. These confirmation e-mails are not promotional in nature and you may not opt-out of receiving these transactional e-mails.

**6\. What about external web sites?**  
To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized by shopandwin to access third party sites, users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by shopandwin and, therefore, are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized.

**7\. Does shopandwin allow users access to their information for review and updating?**   
Users can access to personal information they have provided to shopandwin for the purposes of reviewing and updating such information by following instructions in the "My Account" section of the Site.

**8\. What does shopandwin do to keep their site secure?**  
We have implemented a number of security features throughout the shopandwin site that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online. For example, database information is firewall protected. Also, only authorized shopandwin personnel have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users. Password and credit card information you submit to shopandwin is encrypted during transmission.

While we strive to create a secure and reliable site for our users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed. Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without their consent. shopandwin is not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction. . When we collect and transmit sensitive data such as your credit card number, we encrypt it using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

**9\. Does shopandwin collect information from users outside of the United States?**  
The shopandwin site is not directed to visitors residing outside of the United States and such users are not eligible to enter the sweepstakes and contests that are offered. . However, as indicated in the Official Rules on the site, some sweepstakes promoted on the shopandwin Site are open to residents of the U.K. and Canada. Residents from these countries can participate in these sweepstakes by sending a write-in entry to the address provided in the Official Rules. We regret that as a result of system limitations at this time non-U.S. residents may not order products through shopandwin . If shopandwin becomes aware that a user who does not reside in the United States has registered with the shopandwin site, . we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our files.

**10\. Does shopandwin collect personal information from children?**  
The shopandwin site is not targeted nor directed to children under the age of thirteen. shopandwin does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from individuals in this age group. If we receive actual notice that a child under the age of thirteen has provided personal information to shopandwin, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files.

**11\. Your California Privacy Rights:**   
The following information for California residents covers on-line (internet) and off-line (direct mail) information sharing activities. Please review the complete shopandwin privacy policy for full details on our information sharing and privacy practices. As detailed in our policy, from time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies. If you do not want your name passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing offers, please check our ["customer service"](https://web.archive.org/customer-service) page for instruction  or by writing to Christopher L. Irving, Privacy Affairs, shopandwin, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York 11050 and we will be pleased to respect your wishes. Please make sure to provide both your email address and full name, mailing address, city, state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing.

**12\. Further Questions?**  
We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this privacy policy or the use of personal data. To contact us, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/contacts) or write directly to Christopher L. Irving, Senior Director of Consumer & Privacy Affairs, shopandwin, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050.
