> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shophive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230185644id_/http%3A//www.shophive.com/shophive/index.php%3Ffunc%3Dprivacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Shophive.com

  
** ** ** _Privacy Policy_ **  
  
Information we gather from you in the shape of making new accounts, purchase products, participating in contest, surveys and polls etc is what you provide us through the website or any other medium. Responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you is what is facilitated through it. Electronic Communication is apprehended and confirmed by us. We send you only the information you wish to receive and give you every option to change your preferences whenever you wish. Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites. We are totally against spam emails. At Shophive.com, we take your private information very seriously, and fully understand how frustrating it can get while receiving unsolicited emails from other companies repeatedly. We store your information on our secure servers and in any case we will not sell or disclose your information to other companies. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the [Conditions of Use](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/browse/-/508088/103-4763327-5495826) will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.  It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. 

Still have questions?  
Click here to [Contact us](http://www.shophive.com/shophive/index.php?func=contact_us.htm) or [email](mailto:info@shophive.com)
