> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoppingreviewsonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105123411id_/http%3A//shoppingreviewsonline.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Shopping Reviews Online

[grid_12]

### Privacy Policy

E-mail: [admin@shoppingreviewsonline.com](mailto:admin@shoppingreviewsonline.com)

[/grid_12]

[clear]

At Shoppingreviewsonline.com, we are committed to protecting online user privacy. This “Privacy Policy” discloses the privacy practices governing our knowing collection, use, and disclosure of information. In order to ensure your privacy, information we collect is used only in the manner and for the purposes described below.

Anonymous User Information: Shoppingreviewsonline.com collects some anonymous information each time you visit Shoppingreviewsonline.com so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience. We collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type. You do not have to register with Shoppingreviewsonline.com before we can collect this anonymous information. We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, e-mail address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information.

Shoppingreviewsonline.com does not require you to share information that identifies you personally, such as your name or email address, in order for you to use the Shoppingreviewsonline.com search.

Shoppingreviewsonline.com assigns an anonymous ID number to your requests and links the following additional data to that number: the date and time you visited Shoppingreviewsonline.com, your search terms, and the links upon which you choose to click. Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files to collect and store this anonymous user information. We analyze this information to examine trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Shoppingreviewsonline.com may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed. We use this information to understand and improve the quality of the Shoppingreviewsonline.com search engine.

Cookies: We use a feature of Internet web browsers called a “cookie,” which is a small file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. This enables us to store user preferences and track user trends and search patterns. We use cookies to improve the quality of the Shoppingreviewsonline.com services and to better understand how users interact with us. We do not and cannot use Cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information. The cookie technology we use cannot obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Shoppingreviewsonline.com features or services may not function properly without cookies. Information security: We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. Aggregated General Information: We may share aggregated general information about our site with our corporate partners or others. Examples of this include the number of users who searched for

“Classic Cars”, the daily number of unique visitors, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Aggregated data does not contain any personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you.

Information Sharing: We may share personally identifying information to other companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances: If we have your consent. When we provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. When required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on our Web site. We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Shoppingreviewsonline.com’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Shoppingreviewsonline.com may use third party service providers to serve ads and emails on our behalf. These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to Shoppingreviewsonline.com so that we can provide a better search experience to you. For this purpose, we may also provide these third parties service providers anonymous information about your site navigation. Correspondence: If you contact Shoppingreviewsonline.com, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address. Third Party Information Gathering: Shoppingreviewsonline.com includes content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information. For more information about each third party content provider, cookies, and how to “opt-out”, please refer to such third party advertiser’s privacy policy. Shoppingreviewsonline.com contains links to other sites on the Web. Please be aware that Shoppingreviewsonline.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Shoppingreviewsonline.com Changes to Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to amend or revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post these changes to this page. Use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
