> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoppingscanner.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229122908id_/http%3A//www.shoppingscanner.co.uk/policy/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Terms of Use - Shoppingscanner

Welcome to the shoppingscanner.co.uk website. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect from our users and how we share this information. We care about your privacy. Please do take the time to get to know our practices.   
Using shoppingscanner.com the user automatically accepts this privacy policy. 

Data Controller and Owner:  
Blue Inx srl  
via de' Pucci 4  
50122 Firenze  
Italy  
staff@shoppingscanner.com

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person) or non-personally identifiable information that we may collect in your use of our Services.   
In order to continuously improve on the services our website offers, we save certain access data, e.g. in the form of so-called Cookies. Cookies are text files which are saved on your computer. This data is analysed for statistical purposes and for the technical administration of the website. Personal data is only collected, saved and analysed by us within the confinement of the law or if you have given us thorough consent in advance. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

## Personal Data

We receive and store any information you provide to us when registering with our Services such as your email address and password. If you provide or connect your third-party account credentials, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us: when you connect with Facebook, we receive and collect your name and email address.

## Third Parties’ Cookies

Shoppingscanner provides end users with free information provided from third parties. These third parties install their own cookies when the user makes a “click out” action, being redirected to the Affiliate shops’ websites. These third party companies have their own privacy policies; we invite you to read those Third Parties’ privacy policies: Zanox, Tradedoubler, Tradetracker, Webgains.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. In the case of an anonymous activated IP address, your IP address will only be abridged when within one of the European Union member states or when within one of the agreed contracted states of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the entire IP Address be transferred to a Google Server in the USA in order to be abridged there. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Google Adwords Conversion Tracking

Shoppingscanner applies Google Conversion Tracking. In this context, Google places a cookie on your computer if you reach this website via a Google ad. These cookies expire after 30 days and do not serve any personal identification. If a user visits certain pages of the website of an adword client and if the cookie has not expired, Google and the client can verify that the user has clicked on the ad and was directed to this website. Each adword client receives a different cookie. Cookies therefore can not be traced back via the websites of adword clients. The information collected by means of the conversion cookie serves the purpose to create conversion statistics for adword clients that have taken a decision towards conversion tracking. Adword clients receive the overall number of users who have clicked on their ad and haven been directed to a website with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that allows the personal identification of users. If you do not wish to take part in the tracking procedure, you may decline the required placement of a cookie – for instance with a browser setting that generally deactivates the placement of cookies. You also can deactivate cookies for conversion tracking by chosing a browser setting that blocks cookies of the domain „www.googleadservices.com“. Here, you can find Google’s data protection policy on conversion tracking.
