> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shopodo.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215055051id_/http%3A//shopodo.co.uk/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Save money with special offers, coupons, discounts & bargains on shopodo.co.uk - Privacy

Generally shopButler does not collect, store, use or disclose personally identifying information except in very specific instances, such as, for example, when you provide your email address as part of the sign-up process for our Newsletter or when you sign up for our personalization services (MyCoupons). Whenever we collect such information, you will have a choice regarding whether to provide it, how it will be used, and to whom it will be disclosed. The instances in which shopButler does collect and use information are specifically described below in this Privacy Policy.

shopbutler provides savvy shoppers with the latest available online coupons at a single destination site. These services are provided by shopButler which is a wholly owned subsidiary of nexico Consulting. We value our users and their concerns about privacy. To this end, shopButler engages in consistent information practices and uses its best efforts to make clear disclosures regarding those practices. This Privacy Policy is a part of that effort.

**What does this Privacy Policy cover?** This Privacy Policy applies to collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by shopButler. If there are any exceptions, we will clearly disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information.

Please be aware that, as part of the Services, shopButler may provide links to Web sites operated by third parties, and also provides search services to third parties for display on their own Web sites or applications.shopButler is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of those third party Web sites or applications. Also, please be aware that banner ads on shopButler are provided by a third party, which may collect cookies as part of the process of serving those ads. These cookies are typically used for the purpose of tracking performance of the banner ads. shopButler does not determine which information will be collected by that third party. Please see the paragraph below regarding Third Party Banner Ads.

**What information does shopButler collect and how is it used? Does shopButler disclose information to third parties?** shopButler may collect any or all of the following three types of information: (a) traffic or clickstream data, (b) cookies, or (c) contact information and other personally identifying information. shopButler's collection and use of each type of data is described below, as well as the ways (if any) in which the data may be shared with third parties.

(a) Traffic or Clickstream Data. Data about traffic and usage is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. shopButler may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. For example, we may tell an advertiser that a certain number of people visited a certain area on our Web site, registered for My Account, or searched our site for “Amazon coupons”. shopButler collects some information regarding use of the Services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, shopButler's servers collect information about the site to which you may depart to enable shopButler to calculate and receive payments from its partners. In addition, shopButler uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design the Services.

(b) Cookies. Like many sites, shopButler collects information about online behavior using cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to see how our users are interacting with our site and how frequently they are returning, as well as to streamline their experiences using the Services. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Cookies lets us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. shopButler may also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites, and can, where necessary, pay our business partners. To shopButler, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve our Services. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may not be able to use all of the features of the Services. shopButler may share information about usage of the Services with third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.

(c) Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information. shopButler can obtain access to your name, e-mail address and other contact information only (1) when you become a Newletter subscriber, advertiser/merchant with shopButler, provide comments, submit a problem, or request information from shopButler and provide your name or return contact information, (2) when you register for the advanced features of My Account (more on this below), or (3) in connection with special offers or contests.

Contact information provided in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests. This information is not stored or used in connection with traffic or clickstream data and is provided to a third party only as necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request.

Finally, you may choose to provide contact information, other personally identifying information, and demographic information in order to participate in optional surveys or contests, which are run for promotional purposes. shopButler uses such information to send you information about its products and to notify you if you win the contest. Finally, from time to time, but only with your permission, shopButler may provide certain of its users' registration information to selected third parties who wish to participate in special promotions offered in conjunction with shopButler. Users may opt-out of receiving such communications at any time by contacting shopButler.
