> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoprunner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101110082459id_/http%3A//www.shoprunner.com/about/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ShopRunner.com

SHOPRUNNER PRIVACY POLICY | YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS

ShopRunner, Inc. ("ShopRunner" or "we") is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this "Privacy Policy" to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our Site and Services. Any capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the ShopRunner "[Terms of Service](http://www.shoprunner.com/about/terms.php)" Agreement. 

  1. USER CONSENT.  By submitting Personal Data through our Site or Services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  2. A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN.  We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 13.
  3. A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.  Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
  4. TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT.  ShopRunner collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our Site, send us information or communications, and/or when you use our Service. " **Personal Data** " means data that is personally identifiable to you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. " **Anonymous Data** " means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. 
    1. Personal Data You Provide to Us.  We collect Personal Data directly from you as described below: 

     **(a)** When you create an account with us or renew your membership, we will collect your first and last name, middle initial, e-mail address, password, billing address, telephone number, year of birth, and credit card: type, number, expiration date, and CVV.  
**(b)** If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply, and any information that you submit to us.  
**(c)** When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional information.  
**(d)** When you post messages or reviews of Retailers or products, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.  
**(e)** If you decide to invite a guest to enjoy your ShopRunner membership, as described in greater detail in the Terms of Service Agreement, we will collect the guest's name, email address(es), relationship to you, and your year of birth in order to include them in your Account.  
**(f)** If you decide to invite a third party to create their own account, we will collect your and the third party's name and e-mail address in order to send an e-mail and follow up with the third party.  
**(g)** If you decide to purchase a Gift Membership for a third party, we will collect your and the third party's names and e-mail addresses in order to send e-mails notifying you and them of the Gift Membership purchase.  
**(h)** We may also collect other Personal Data from you at other points in our Site or Service. 
    2. Technology Used to Collect Data.  We use the following technologies to collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data in connection with your use of the Site and the Services: cookies, tracking pixels, IP addresses (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), and our browser plug-in. " **Cookies** " are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Cookies can be disabled or removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of our Site may not work properly. " **Tracking pixel** " is a small transparent graphic image (usually only 1 pixel) that we (or third parties) place on our Site, on Retailer sites, or in e-mails we send you, that is used to collect information about the pages you view and when you view them. We use these technologies to collect information about your use of the Services, times of your visits to our Site and Retailer sites, the products that you searched, viewed, purchased, and shipped, your browser type, operating system, IP address, domain name, as well as other information described in this Privacy Policy.
    3. Information Collected via Retailer Sites.  ShopRunner Retailers include our tracking pixels on their sites to allow us to collect the following information (1) how many people in aggregate click on any of our ShopRunner links or graphics, and (2) order information on the order confirmation page, including order ID number, product codes, shipping method, and products eligible for ShopRunner benefits. **Notwithstanding any restriction in the Retailer's privacy policy, you hereby consent to this collection of information via our Retailers' sites.**
    4. Information Collected on other sites.  Other websites may allow ShopRunner, including via advertising companies and ad networks, to display advertisements on their websites. We may use technologies such as cookies and tracking pixels, to collect information about users who view or interact with our advertisements. We may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements we deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. We also may combine this information with Personal Data we have already collected from you. This information allows us to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies ([www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)).
    5. Information Collected by Third Party Websites.  Our provision of a link to any other website or location, such as our Retailer websites, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.
  5. USE OF YOUR DATA 
    1. Uses.  In addition to the uses described in Section 4, ShopRunner uses your Personal Data: to respond to requests that you make; to provide the Service; to allocate costs for providing the Service between ShopRunner and its Retailers; to aid us in serving you better; to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our system; identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration of our Service; improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Service; send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created; send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; to send promotional communications as described below; to conduct fraud detection and investigation; to evaluate consumer behavior.
    2. Creation of Anonymous Data.  We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Site and Services. ShopRunner reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in its discretion.
  6. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA 
    1. Affiliates; Acquisitions.  We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, " **Affiliates** "), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
    2. Legal Disclosures.  Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), ShopRunner may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on ShopRunner; (b) protect or defend the rights or property of ShopRunner or users of the Site or Services; or (c) assist in the detection and investigation of fraud and other illegal activity.
    3. Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your Personal Data with, or allow your Personal Data to be collected by, third party service providers to provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; or to provide other services to us or you. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by ShopRunner. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and other service providers as described herein.
    4. Disclosure to Retailers, Partner Companies, and other Third Parties.  We may disclose your Personal Data (excluding your credit card information) to Retailers, to third parties with whom we have a partnership agreement (" **Partner Companies** "), and other third parties (collectively, " **Third Party Companies** "). You may opt-out of our disclosure of your Personal Data to Third Party Companies for their marketing purposes as described in Section 8 below. The privacy policies of each Third Party Company govern the use and disclosure of your Personal Data by such Third Party Company. Because we do not control the privacy practices of the Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies. We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from Partner Companies. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our website.
  7. Third Party Data Collection on our Site.  We may allow third parties, including advertising companies and ad networks, to display advertisements on our Site. These companies may use technologies such as cookies and tracking pixels, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Our Site does not provide any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you. The collection and use of that information is subject to the third party's privacy policy. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies ([www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)).
  8. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA.  We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. 
    1. Choices Regarding Promotional Communications.  Unless you have indicated otherwise in your account, we will send you communications (including email, postal mail, phone, text/SMS) that promote the use of our Services and may contain advertisements for products and services of Retailers and other third parties (" **Promotional Communications** "). When you receive Promotional Communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further Promotional Communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication you receive or you may choose to adjust your account settings on shoprunner.com, or contact us directly. Despite your indicated preferences for receiving Promotional Communications, we may send you communications related to our Services and policies (including notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy).
    2. Changes to Personal Data.  You may change any of your Personal Data in your account by editing your Account profile. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
    3. Your Privacy Rights.  As described in this Privacy Policy, we may share your Personal Data with third parties for their marketing purposes. You may indicate a preference to "opt-out" of any future such disclosures by changing your account settings. If you opt-out of such disclosures, we may continue to share Personal Data with third parties, but not for their marketing purposes. If you have opted-in to receive e-mail communications from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences.
  9. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.  ShopRunner is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password and other authenticating information to access your account. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people. Despite these measures, you should know that ShopRunner cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data.
  10. CONTACT INFORMATION.  ShopRunner welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at [info@shoprunner.com](mailto:info@shoprunner.com) or contact us at the following address or phone number: 

     ShopRunner, Inc.  
Attn: Legal Services  
935 First Avenue, King of Prussia PA 19406  
888-721-7467 If you believe that ShopRunner has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ShopRunner by e-mail at the address above. We will do our best to address your concerns. 
  11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site or Services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. **In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us**. Continued use of our Site or Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.



This Privacy Policy was last revised April 2010. 
