> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shoptomydoor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150522012540id_/http%3A//www.shoptomydoor.com/Terms_of_Use_-and-_Privacy_Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Shoptomydoor - Shop US, UK and China Merchants globally.

Welcome to www.shoptomydoor.com (referred to throughout this site as "shoptomydoor.com"), a site provided by American AirSea Cargo LLC, a Texas based company. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of the shoptomydoor.com site. (the "Agreement"). Please note that your use of the aascargo.com site, constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use, and all applicable laws. aascargo.com reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms of Use whenever you use this Site. This site is not intended to be used by individuals less than 18 years. If a User is a Minor (less than 18 years), such a person may use the aascargo.com site only under the supervision of a guardian/adult. aascargo.com prohibits the violation of its security. Violations by any individual or entity may result in criminal and/or civil penalties. Violating the security of this site include hacking, modifying or corrupting security or authentication measures, accessing data or information not intended for your use, the malicious spreading of virus, worms transmission, time bombs, denial of service attack, etc that could damage, impair or interfere with our computer's functionality or the operation of this site. Other forms of violations include the misrepresentation of your identity, deceptive online marketing, defamation and abuse of the legal rights of others. You will be held responsible for any information you transmit to this site. By transmitting information to this site, you agree that the information you send to this site is truthful, accurate and not misleading, and that you have the right to send such information. Transmission to this site implies that you have a genuine business and legal interest in our services. aascargo.com follows the guidelines below to protect the information you provide us during your experience with our company either when you use our website, when you speak with us on the phone, when you write us or by any means in which you exchange your personal information with us. Our Privacy and Security Policy is governed by our Terms of use, which we may change from time to time. We intend to always provide you with the safest and most secure shipping experience possible. Since offerings and technologies change, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. We encourage you to always check this page for any changes.

**Personal Information**  
When you visit and use our web site we may request your contact information, including but not limited to your first and last name, telephone number, email address, home address. The information we collect is necessary to complete, support and analyze your shipping request from this site and for internal purposes and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our staff and only to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction and the eventual delivery of your shipment. We will use your email to respond to your questions and to provide you with information about specials offerings and discounts from aascargo.com. Without this information we will be unable to complete your shipping. The information that we collect from you helps us personalize and continually improve upon your shipping experience, as we strive to make it easier and more enjoyable on your next visit. You have the option not to provide certain information; however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to take full advantage of some of our web site features.

**Purchase Information**  
Any information we collect during the use of this site is disclosed only to our staff, and any third party involved in the completion of your transaction if necessary. Information we collect includes but is not limited to your payment method. We use this information to process your order and analyze and support your use of the aascargo.com site.

**Credit/ATM Card Security**

The security of your personal information is extremely important to us. We strive to always protect your online transactions, and use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). We recommend you use a browser that supports SSL, so that, your personal information will be automatically encrypted, or encoded, before it is sent over the Internet. SSL works with Netscape, Microsoft Internet Explorer, AOL, and Apple's Safari's browser. This ensures that only Aascargo.com can read your personal information. SSL technology represents the highest level of security available on the Internet.

We have taken security a step further by using Comodos Extended Validation (EV) SSL technology. This is the most trusted form of SSL. Most newer brousers made for EV SSL, including IE 7 and above, Firefox 3, Opera 9.5. will automatically tell you if a site is secured by the presence of a green bar near the address. EV SSL is the most difficult form of SSL to purchase as it requires total verification of the company and their operations to ensure it is issued to a legitimate company. It automatically encrypts information traveling over the Internet, verifies the identity of the transacting servers through certificates and digital signatures, and confirms that the integrity of message content is maintained throughout transmission.All user information we collect on this site is collected through secure web pages, and some data is in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our web site reduces the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. Our EV logo, basically says it all.

 To further protect your information, we recommend you do not allow any one else to know your password. Please keep it strictly confidential. No representative of Aascargo.com will ever ask you for your password. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect.

**Use of cookies**  
We may use cookies and other Internet technologies to manage our web sites, e-mail programs and to offer you personalized experiences. Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive that helps us to provide products and services to you. Cookies are an industry-standard technology, which make the use of our online shopping cart possible, among other features, and our use of cookies does not infringe upon your privacy. You browser can always be set to decline cookies should you desire.

**How long do we keep user information?**  
We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely. Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies.

**When we may disclose your information**  
We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or aascargo.com believes that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of the law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or to protect and defend the property or rights of aascargo.com the users of its website or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and prevention, credit risk protection, and other prohibited or illegal activities. If Aascargo.com should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, we may disclose the information you provide to us at aascargo.com website to a third party or the company we merge with. Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to other third parties unless you have provided consent. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your express consent

**Other Sites Privacy**  
This Site may contain links to third party websites, and aascargo.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. This privacy statement also does not apply to the web sites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their web sites are linked to our web site. We recommend you review the privacy policies of each web site you visit.

**Your consent to this policy**  
By using the aascargo.com web site, you agree to this Privacy and Security Policy. This is our only Privacy and Security Policy and it supersedes any other. Our Terms of use take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision.If you have any questions, or would like further clarification on any of our policies, please contact us.

  **Legal Disclaimer**

This Site operates AS-IS and IS-AVAILABLE, without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy and Security Policy is governed by Texas law, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us must be commenced in Texas within one year after the claim arose, or be barred. Under no circumstance will any employee, directors or officers of American AirSea Cargo LLC be liable for any direct or indirect losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the use of the aascargo.com site. User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless shoptomydoor.com and its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site
