> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shorelunch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160312055837id_/http%3A//www.shorelunch.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

This site is owned and operated by Southeastern Mills, Inc.

This Privacy Policy is provided to inform you of what personal information is collected on our websites and how that information is maintained and used by Southeastern Mills, Inc. This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on www.betterthanbouillon.com and all websites, email or mobile applications owned and operated by Southeastern Mills, Inc.

At Southeastern Mills we want to provide you with the highest quality services. Because we respect your privacy, we have procedures intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this privacy policy to let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, and what choices you have regarding our use of your information.

**Personal Information We Collect**. You don't need to provide any personal information to access our websites. However, Southeastern Mills provides you the opportunity to enhance your visit to our site by providing personal information to us for use for certain features, such as The Culinary Club, contests, and surveys. The information we collect may include, but is not limited to, name, contact information, the products you purchase, the types of recipes you are interested in receiving from us, and information about your cooking habits. We may on occasion collect personal information that you provide to third parties (such as information you provide in response to a Southeastern Mills advertisement that appears on another website). If we do collect personal information from third parties in such instances, we will treat that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**How We Use Your Personal Information.** We may use the information you provide on our website to send you periodic e-mail updates about our company, send you newsletters and recipes, to send you surveys or to notify you of special offers and promotions. You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time by clicking on the opt-out link located in emails received. If you sign up to participate in surveys on our website, then we will use your contact information to send you such products or surveys. If you provide us with your mailing address, we may use this information to send you special offers or promotions by mail. If you do not want to receive special offers or promotions by mail, please do not provide your mailing address. We also may use or disclose your Personal Information when we, in our sole discretion, believe that such use or disclosure is necessary to comply with any law or public interest, or to enforce or protect our rights and ensure that the rights of other users are protected.

**Collection and Use of Your Non-Personal Information.** We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it: We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, cooking preferences, location, and the time zone so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising. We also may collect information regarding customer activities on our website. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.

**Log Files.** As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the operating system you may be using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), a date/time stamp of when you visited our site, and click-stream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze aggregate trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.

We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

**Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties.** At times Southeastern Mills may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with Southeastern Mills to provide products and services, or that help Southeastern Mills market to consumers. Personal information will only be shared by Southeastern Mills to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. Southeastern Mills may also share non-personal information or aggregate information about people who use our site to business partners and other third parties.

**Security.** Southeastern Mills website employs appropriate security measures which are designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information. Note to Parents. We don't knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are under the age of 18, please do not use this site. Parents may have information related to their children deleted from our database and refuse to permit further collection or use of the child’s information.

**Links to other sites.** This website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Southeastern Mills, Inc. These sites may have their own terms and conditions, or no terms and conditions at all. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites, including those that enable you to apply for a position with our company, or those that may administer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions on our behalf. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to our site visitors. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner, in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat your personal information. By clicking on third party links, you are subject to the privacy practices of the third party website.

**Copyright.** All of the content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Southeastern Mills, Inc. or our content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Southeastern Mills, Inc. and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Southeastern Mills, Inc. or our software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.

**Trademarks.** Southeastern Mills, Inc. and other marks indicated on our site, and other graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Southeastern Mills, Inc. or our affiliates. Southeastern Mills, Inc. trademarks and trade dress may not be used with any product or service that is not Southeastern Mills, Inc. in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Southeastern Mills, Inc. All other trademarks not owned by us or our affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by our affiliates or us.

**Disclaimer of Liability.** This Web site, and any information or content on this Web site, is provided "as is," with all faults. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this Web site, its functioning or its operations, whether it or its server is virus-free, or the content or information available on or through this Web site. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, we and our corporate affiliates, our directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns of each, will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use or your ability to access use of this Web site or any other Web site linked to this Web site. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if we are notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.

**Terms of Use.** You have permission to electronically copy and print hard copies of pages from this Web site solely for personal, non-commercial purposes related to your use of the Web site. Unless we give you written permission in advance, any other use of this Web site or content or information contained in this Web site, including linking or framing to this Web site, is strictly prohibited.

**California Privacy Rights.**   If you are a resident of the State of California, you may request that we provide you (i) a list of the types or categories of your personal information that we have disclosed for third party direct marketing purposes during the calendar year immediately preceding your request; (ii) the names and addresses of such third parties that have been provided any of your personal information; and (iii) if not reasonably determinable from the names of such third parties, one or more examples of the products or services marketed by such third parties (if such information is known to us), in each case sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the type and nature of the business of such third parties. To submit any request pursuant to this section, please contact us.

**Changes to this Privacy Statement.** The Internet is an evolving medium, and so is the Web site.  If we need to change our Privacy Policy at any time in the future, we will post the applicable changes or the updated Privacy Policy before such changes or updated Privacy Policy take effect.  By visiting, using or otherwise accessing any portion of the Web site, you agree that your visit, use and access of the Web site, and any dispute or controversy regarding privacy or any other matter addressed herein, will be governed in allcases by this Privacy Policy and any Terms of Use or similar policies that we may put into place on or with respect to the Site from time to time.

How to contact us: If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the website overall,

please contact Southeastern Mills Consumer Affairs at 1-800 -334-4468 ext. 6561.

Southeastern Mills, Inc.  
333 Old Lindale Road  
Rome, GA 30161  
 

Copyright © 2014 Southeastern Mills, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
