> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the short-hairstyles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171216003451id_/http%3A//www.short-hairstyles.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy of Short-hairstyles.com..

Privacy Policy Effective as of 09 May 2016. This Privacy Policy governs the manner and methods in which Jade Web Design (the "owner") uses, collects, maintains and discloses information that may be collected from users (each, a "User") of the  [http://www.short-hairstyles.com](http://www.short-hairstyles.com/) website ("Site"). 

This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Jade Web Design. Contact and personal information is rarely collected and never disclosed to anyone except to comply with the law. We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, registration on the site and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.

 

We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information with very little or no impact on their experience. We may collect some non-personal identification information about Users when they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system, the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser may place cookies on their hard drive or other storage media for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. However, of course, your information does comprise part of the overall whole. This aggregate of information may be used to understand our overall user base. Further, we may share this information about our website visitors as a whole, not individually, with third parties for various purposes, in our sole discretion. We may use any email address supplied to us to respond to inquiries, questions and/or other requests.

 

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by websites linked to from our Site. We have included links on this website for your use and reference, we are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these websites may differ from our own. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and privacy or other policies. Please understand that you may have additional rights originating from State laws based on where you live. These State-based rights may augment, strengthen, or otherwise somehow compliment any privacy rights you have inherently or under Federal law.

 

Our policy is to comply fully with the privacy policies of every jurisdiction in which we operate. Accordingly, you are free to use our Contact information to reach us at any time to assert any State rights. Advertising We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice visit the NAI at  [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). To opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit  [http://www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile nonpersonal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. 

 

This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non-personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at 

 

[http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/) Compliance with children's online privacy protection act Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18. 

 

Jade Web Design has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. You may contact us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Jade Web Design http://www.short-hairstyles.com 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-4715, Valley Cottage, NY, 10989  If you feel that this site is not following its stated privacy policy, you may contact us at the contact page or through the contact information given above. This document was last updated on 09 May 2016.

    

