> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160613104737id_/http%3A//www.shore.com/uk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for shore.com

**PRIVACY POLICY FOR SHORE.COM, A SERVICE OFFERED BY Shore GmbH (as of November 2014)** With your approval of the following privacy policy, you consent to the collection, processing and usage of your personal data by Shore GmbH (subsequently “Shore”) as the operator of www.Shore.com in accordance with the following provisions/regulations and in compliance with applicable legal requirements, especially data protection laws.

  1. **INFORMATION SHORE COLLECTS**



In running and maintaining the website, Shore may collect and process the following data: 

  * Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a reservation such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, age and email address.
  * Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
  * Web-usage data is collected by a standard technology (so-called cookies) and web server logs that contain information on how the website is being used. Cookies are small files that are saved in your browser history, which store specific information about the date and time of your visit to Shore.
  * Ratings that you provide us with, when you write a review on a restaurant. You can freely choose the user name that is depicted in connection to the review.
  * Information about the restaurant visit. This is data collected in regard to a reservation you have booked through Shore.


  2. **USE OF DATA**



The collection of data serves to provide a user friendly, efficient and safe internet-service to the costumer. We use your data: 

  * to provide you with the Shore network, our restaurant evaluation system and in order to provide you with all reservation related services. Data needed for making a reservation (e.g. your name and phone number) are transferred to the restaurant you are seeking to make a booking with.
  * to provide you with offers that might be of interested to you. For this purposed Shore analysis data stored on you. Based on the analysis Shore customizes offers and marketing banners sponsored on the Shore portal. You hereby explicitly confirm that Shore is allowed to analyse you personal data to provide you with an individualized customer experience. You are free to withdraw your consent at any time.
  * to analyze traffic and thereby improve the performance of the website to provide you with a seeming less user experience.
  * to improve our general services and prevent or unveil misuse and especially fraud.

 
  3. **E-MAILS**



If during registration or during making a reservation you agree to receive information to be sent by Shore or Shore Partners, you permit Shore and Shore Partners to make use of your data to send you information in regard to restaurant offerings and other services provided by our Partners via electronic mail. However, in terms of any marketing or promotional emails we may send, we will always give you the chance to opt-out (or unsubscribe) from them in the future by submitting an objection to info@Shore.com or by mailing us a letter to Shore GmbH, Rosenheimerstr. 145 e, 81671 Munich.

  4. **COOKIES**



Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a user. Their use enables Shore to operate an efficient service and to track the patterns of behavior of user of the Shore network with the sole purpose of providing an individualized and enhanced customer experience. Cookies are small text files stored in your browser history. They do not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer. If you do so, there is a probability that you won’t be able to use actual or future elements of our portal. For a more thorough explanation of what cookies are and how they operate, please visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

  5. **GOOGLE ANALYTICS**



We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google that places cookies on your device. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address, which is where you are found on the internet) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case you have activated anonymizing your IP, your IP address will be shortend on Google servers within the European Union or other member states of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases your IP address will be forwarded to a US server to be shortened there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. For more information about Google Analytics, please see their details about Cookies and Analytics, as well as their privacy policy for Google Analytics Google Analytics. Moreover, you can opt-out of having these cookies placed on your device by downlaoding and installing the following Browser-Plugin: http//:tools.google.com

  6. **SHARING OF DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES**



We make data available to third parties, especially Shore Partners, if it is necessary to provide you with the requested services (e.g. the transfer of data to the restaurants, where you have made a booking) or it is absolutely necessary for the operation or maintenance of the Shore Network. Shore also reserves the right to disclose data: 

  1. if you agree with passing on you data;
  2. to process you requested service (e.g. your booking);
  3. to comply with applicable laws;
  4. to respond to governmental enquiries (or enquiries from a legal, governmental or quasi-governmental or local authority agency or Internet protection agency of any type);
  5. comply with a valid legal process or procedure;
  6. protect our rights or property.



Importantly, other than to other Partners of Shore, we will never sell or rent your data to anyone else for their marketing purposes without your consent. Reviews submitted and in this context elected User-Names may be published by Shore on the reviews-site of the respective restaurant. With submitting your review you consent to the release and publication of your selected User-Name. Further data of the User will not be made available to other users or visitors.

  7. **OTHER WEBSITES**



Please be aware that our privacy policy is not applicable if you leave the Shore network through a sponsored link to another website. Our Partners may have their own privacy policies. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies provided by these other parties prior to providing them with any personal information.

  8. **DATA TRANSFER**



We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the all Shore services will be uninterrupted and that data transmissions will be error-free. Unfortunately, due to the nature of the internet, this cannot be guaranteed. Every data-transfer is therefore done at one’s own risk. Once we have received your data, will use strict procedures and security measure to prevent unauthorized access and theft.

  9. **CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY**



Shore reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at any time. We will not limit your personal rights after an amendment without your explicit consent. Shore will inform its users timely and sufficiently about changes of the terms and conditions. Any changes to the terms and conditions will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised terms on the Shore Networks. (Depending on the nature of the change, Shore may announce the change: (a) on the home page of the Shore, (b) by email, if the User has provided Shore with a valid email address, or (c) in some other way.). By continuing to use of the Shore Networks following any changes, the User will be deemed to have agreed to the announced changes. In case of a contradiction through the User, Shore reserves the right to end the registration instantly, but not before the changes come into force. Shore will further archive older versions of the privacy policy for your personal reference.

10. **ACCESS TO INFORMATION**

In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of €10 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information. You can exercise your rights of access at any time. Such access rights include, for example, your right to obtain a description of the personal data we hold about you, to verify such personal data including its origin and accuracy, to ask us to amend or delete certain information, or to opt-out of certain types of processing. You may enforce your privacy rights by reviewing the information in your account by emailing us at info@shore.com or by mailing us a letter to Shore GmbH, Rosenheimerstr. 145 e, 81671 Munich, Germany. 
