> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hellopretty.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003005035id_/http%3A//hellopretty.co.za/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Hello Pretty. Buy design.

This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of information by Hello Pretty ("hellopretty.co.za" or "Hello Pretty") receives and collects when you access or use Hello Pretty services from the website located at http://www.hellopretty.co.za and/or any sub domain or successor thereto ("the Hello Pretty Website" or "Website") or when you access or use any Hello Pretty service or product ("the Service").

Information We Collect. Hello Pretty may collect two (2) types of information about you: Personal and Non-Personal. "Personal Information" refers to information that lets Hello Pretty know the specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify, contact or locate you (e.g. name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address). Hello Pretty may collect Personal Information when you use the Hello Pretty Service including, without limitation, setting up account information, filling out surveys, corresponding with Hello Pretty, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself. Hello Pretty does not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested. "Non-Personal Information" refers to information that, by itself, does not identify you as a specific individual (e.g. demographic information or website visitations or activities). Hello Pretty may collect Non-Personal Information through any of the methods discussed above as well as automatically through use of industry standard technologies described further below. Hello Pretty may use Non-Personal Information to assist in the optimisation and delivery of advertisements to you. Hello Pretty may rent, sell, or share Non-Personal Information in aggregate form with other people or nonaffiliated companies as long as by itself this information does not identify you as a specific individual.

Registration. The Personal Information practices set forth apply to all Hello Pretty’s customers and Website visitors worldwide. Participation in and access to certain features and functionality of the Website and Service require you to register and create a member account (the "User Account") with Hello Pretty. You can choose not to register or provide certain information, but then you may not be able to access or participate in some of the Website or Service. If you have registered for a User Account, Hello Pretty may use your Personal Information to send e-mails regarding your registration, including confirmation to verify the accuracy of any information you have provided, and instructions related to your use of the Service.

Cookies. Hello Pretty may use cookies or similar technologies to enhance and personalise your experience of the Website or Service, including to operate and improve offerings; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Website or Service; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon); to customise the content and advertisements provided to you; and to measure advertising performance. Hello Pretty does not require that you accept cookies, and you may disable cookies at any time. However, some functionality of our Website and Service may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies.

IP Address. You may visit many areas of the Website anonymously without registering for an Account. Even in such cases, Hello Pretty may collect IP addresses automatically. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you begin services with an Internet services provider. Each time you access the Website and Service and each time you request one of Hello Pretty’s pages, the server logs your IP address.

Web Beacons. Also known as clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs, Web Beacons are small image files that Hello Pretty may place on the Website pages and within certain email. Working in conjunction with cookies, Web Beacons allow Hello Pretty to accurately count the number of unique users who have visited a specific page and the number of times those pages are displayed. Hello Pretty can also use Web Beacons to count how many people opened certain types of email. This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your personally identifiable information. Keep in mind that any image file on a Website page can act as a Web Beacon. Third-party advertisers may use Web Beacons in their advertisements.

Third-Party Ad Servers. Hello Pretty or its advertisers may use other companies known as third-party ad servers to help present advertisements online in connection with the Website or Service. These third-party ad servers may use cookies or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third-party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies, not Hello Pretty’s.

Security Measures. Hello Pretty has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard the personally identifiable information under our control from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All Hello Pretty personnel that have access to, and are associated with the processing of your personally identifiable information, are obligated to respect the confidentiality of the information.

Changing Your Personal Information. You can review, update and edit your User Account by logging into your Account and accessing the "Account Preferences" screen on the Website or Service. You may also request to have your Personal Information deleted from Hello Pretty's database by sending an e-mail request to privacy@hellopretty.co.za.

Promotional E-mails. Hello Pretty may use your Personal Information to send you e-mails periodically listing promotions or events relating to the Website or Service or from Hello Pretty and/or Hello Pretty's marketing partners or advertisers. You have the choice to opt-out of receiving such promotional e-mails by sending an e-mail to privacy@Hello Pretty and/or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once Hello Pretty has processed your opt-out request, Hello Pretty will not send you promotional e-mails unless you opt back in to receiving such communications.

Emails from other Hello Pretty Users. Hello Pretty facilitates the communication between buyers and sellers on the Hello Pretty Service. Hello Pretty accepts no responsibility of liability for the content of User to User communications on the Service. Please following the Blocking User Communication Procedures found in Hello Pretty Terms and Conditions posted on the Website.

Age Policy. Hello Pretty does not knowingly collect Personal Information from, and our Website is not directed to, persons under the age of eighteen (18). If you are under 18 years of age you are NOT eligible to use the Hello Pretty Service. Do not send any information about yourself to Hello Pretty. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, please contact us at privacy@hellopretty.co.za. If Hello Pretty becomes aware that person under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

Changes and Updates to the Privacy Notice. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Website. Your use of the Website and the Hello Pretty Service constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by us, and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes (revisions will be reflected by the "Date Last Modified" below).

Contact Us. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@hellopretty.co.za.

Date Last Modified: May 7, 2012
