> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the helprx.info privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120402184130id_/http%3A//www.helprx.info/content/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# helprx.info

Healthcare Alliance respects your right to privacy. We have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you of the data gathering and dissemination practices applicable to our web site. By using Healthcare Alliance’s website and services you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you agree to adhere to the Terms and Conditions posted on the Site. If you do not agree with any terms, please do not use this site or submit any personal information. 

NOTE: We are not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with our sites, including the sites of our partners, or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you've left our site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you. Healthcare Alliance does not act on behalf of, nor is an agency or business associate of, any of the pharmacies referenced on this website, who are independent companies. 

Information posted to the Site may not be protected by any federal or state confidentiality, privacy, or security laws, including the administrative simplification provision of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations (HIPAA). This Site IS not intended to be, and must not be taken to be, the practice of medicine or the practice of other health care services BY HEALTHCARE ALLIANCE. Use of the Site and the Services does not create a physician/patient, provider/patient, confidential, or privileged relationship, or any other relationship that would give rise to any duties on the part of the Healthcare Alliance. 

From time to time, Healthcare Alliance may find it necessary or be legally obligated to revise this Privacy Policy as we add new products and services, as we improve our current offerings, and as technologies or the law change, or for other reasons. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your personally identifiable information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy, the effective date will be noted at the beginning of the Policy, and we will post clear and conspicuous notice of the changes, and we will email you if you have supplied us with your email address and you have not revoked our ability to contact you. Therefore, you should review this policy periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. 

  * What Information Does Healthcare Alliance Gather and How is it Gathered?
    * Generally: When you visit our web site, we automatically collect non-personally identifiable information such as IP addresses and web site usage information from you. To become a Healthcare Alliance member, you will either be asked to provide a basic profile about yourself by filling out an online registration form with personal information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, and related information, and in some cases payment information (including credit and/or debit card number and expiration date). A record of the fact that you are a member also is maintained. 
    * Cookies: We use a standard Internet technology called "cookies" to store and track visitor information. A cookie is a small text file that is automatically stored on your computer for future retrieval. Cookies allow us to, among other things, count the number of unique visitors to the site to measure traffic patterns on our site, personalize a user experience to our site and facilitate the login for registered members. We also use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) on our sites in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns, and we include web beacons and cookies in our e-mail messages, including newsletters, in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened. 
    * Our Merchant Partners: When you choose to accept a special retail offer or otherwise interact with or receive benefits from our merchant partners, you may be asked to provide them with personally identifiable information. Once received from you, Merchant Partners may use that information in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may differ from our Privacy Policy. 
    * Other Site Features: Certain other features such as "send this link to a friend," or any feature of substantially the same functions, may also require us to collect personally identifiable information, such as the name and e-mail address of both the sender and the recipient. 
    * Third Party Ad Servers: Some of the advertisements and other services that appear on our web site are delivered to you by Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies including cookies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our sites and other web sites. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to provide targeted ads, please visit 
    * We make every effort to maintain the integrity of our Member community, so please ensure your information is accurate. 

You may access and modify your personal information by writing to us at: Healthcare Alliance  
712 5th Ave, 14th Floor  
New York, NY 10019   


    * Healthcare Alliance is dedicated to providing privacy on the Internet. In addition to developing our privacy policy, we have provided you the opportunity to opt out of future 3rd party advertising cookies. 
    * Healthcare Alliance allows third parties to place cookies on our site for advertising purposes.  This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these vendors. These vendors have their own privacy policies and may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI").  To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page and follow the relevant instructions.  Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. 
  * How Do We Use and Disclose Your Information? 
    * Traffic Analysis: To ensure what we offer matches your needs, we may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands of Member visits to our Web site each month but does not contain behavioral, personal, or identifying information about any individual member, unless that member has given us permission to share that information.   
    * Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable.   
    * Third Parties: We may share your information with other companies whose products and services may be of interest to you. These third parties may contact you as part of their marketing efforts. We evaluate such companies to identify products and services that serve the needs of our Members as well. We cannot and do not, however, make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.   
    * Service Providers: We may use other companies to perform services including, without limitation, facilitating some aspects of our web sites, sending e-mail, fulfilling purchase requests, and serving, customizing or delivering marketing or ads. These other companies may be supplied with or have access to your information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf. They do not have any independent right to use or disclose your information.   
    * Affiliates. We may share your information with our other businesses and affiliated companies. We may combine the information that we collect from you with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products, services and web sites, or information we collect from third parties.   
    * Ads. Information about your activities on our site and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests.   
    * Legal Process. We may share personal information about you to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. 
  * How Do You Opt In or Opt Out or Deactivate Your Account? 
    * You automatically sign up for free Healthcare Alliance e-mail updates when you apply for a Healthcare Alliance membership or register to use the Web site. You have the option to opt out of receiving these updates. This opt out messaging will appear at the bottom of every e-mail sent to you and will provide you with the means to opt you out of the free Healthcare Alliance e-mail. 
    * Healthcare Alliance gives you the option to remove all your information, at any time, from our database. If you don't want to receive any form of direct contact from us, whether it is e-mail, information on discounts or promotional offers, or you want us to remove all your information, contact us at info@healthcarealliance.org. 
  * Violation of Law, Rule, or Regulation
    * The conditions enumerated above will not apply in the event that you engage in certain improper conduct. Specifically, Healthcare Alliance shall have the right to use or release to third parties personally identifiable information regarding users who use this or any other site on the World Wide Web for any fraudulent purpose, or who otherwise violate any law, rule, or regulation, or who engage in conduct which The Healthcare Alliance deems improper. 
  * How Do We Protect Children Who Visit Our Site?
    * We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children (e.g., under the age of 13). Where appropriate, we will take reasonable measures to inform children NOT to submit such information to our site or in response to advertisements on our site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on the Site, we will delete the information from our records. If a child has managed to provide us with such information, the child's parent or legal guardian should contact us at info@healthcarealliance.org so we may delete this information from our records. 
  * How Do We Ensure Security for Online Purchases and Transmission of Information?
    * We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard your personal information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. 
    * We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect. This software provides a limited degree of protection against unauthorized access or disclosure, as well as accidental loss, alteration, or destruction. 
    * No data transmission over the Internet, unfortunately, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Healthcare Alliance strives to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Our policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. 
    * Like most websites, communications to, from and through the Healthcare Alliance Web site are not confidential, and your communications may be read or intercepted by others. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties. 
  * Consent
    * We want you to be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it or any portions thereof. By using Healthcare Alliance you consent to the collection and use of information by Healthcare Alliance in the manner described and explained above. 
  * Exceptional Circumstances
    * Please note that if Healthcare Alliance and any lines of its business are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant customer database of healthcarealliance.org could, in whole or in part, be sold or otherwise transferred to a third party as part of that transaction. There may be instances when we may disclose your information without providing you with a choice in order to protect our legal rights or those of our affiliates, or those of our or our affiliates' employees, agents and contractors; to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process. 
  * How to Contact us regarding your Privacy Concerns
    * If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at info@healthcarealliance.org. Please describe in as much detail as possible any concerns or complaints you may have involving this Privacy Policy. We will investigate your complaint promptly. 
  * YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
    * California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at: Privacy Advocate   
Healthcare Alliance   
5505 Connecticut Avenue, NW #312   
Washington, D.C. 20015-2601   
Please include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond.  

  * TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
    * Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where we have facilities, and by providing us with your information, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country.Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where we have facilities, and by providing us with your information, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country. 


