> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the loanspq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190430081355id_/https%3A//www.meridianlink.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MeridianLink | Privacy Policy

Effective Date: June 22, 2018

MeridianLink, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.meridianlink.com website (the “Service”).

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.meridianlink.com

**DEFINITIONS**

**Service**  
Service is the https://www.meridianlink.com website operated by MeridianLink, Inc.

**Personal Data**  
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**Usage Data**  
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies**  
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE**  
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

**Types of Data Collected**  
 _Personal Data_  
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify or contact you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

• Email address  
• First name and last name  
• Phone number  
• Cookies and usage data

_Usage Data  
_ We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

_Tracking Cookies Data_  
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.

**USE OF DATA**  
MeridianLink, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:

• To provide and maintain our Service  
• To notify you about changes to our Service  
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so  
• To provide customer support  
• To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service  
• To monitor the usage of our Service  
• To detect, prevent and address technical issues

**TRANSFER OF DATA**  
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

MeridianLink, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data to an organization or a country will take place unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

**DISCLOSURE OF DATA**

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**  
Under certain circumstances, MeridianLink, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Legal Requirements**  
MeridianLink, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of MeridianLink, Inc.
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



**SECURITY OF DATA**  
The security of your data is important to us, and we have implemented a robust, annually audited information security program to protect your Personal Data against loss, alteration, or misuse. Personal Data is encrypted in transit by current versions of the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol, and is also encrypted when stored on our systems. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**“Do Not Track” Signals Under California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)**  
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

**SERVICE PROVIDERS**  
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Analytics**  
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

**Google Analytics**  
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.  
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

**LINKS TO OTHER SITES**  
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**  
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**  
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.  
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**CONTACT US**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

• By email: privacy@meridianlink.com  
• By phone number: 714.708.6950  
• By mail: MeridianLink, 1600 Sunflower Ave. #200, Costa Mesa, CA 92626
