> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the loanadda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150918133134id_/http%3A//loanadda.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LoanADDa - Privacy | Terms & Conditions

By providing your contact details at Loanadda.com you are authorizing LoanAdda and it's representatives to give you a call to offer you our services for the product you have opted for, giving product knowledge and helping you in choosing the right product. Irrespective of the fact that you have registered yourself under DND or DNC service, you are still authorizing LoanAdda, it's representatives & it’s partners to give you a call for the above mentioned purposes by leaving your number on our website. Also based on your active opt-in you are open to receiving promotional offers from LoanAdda. Hence, there is no DNC check required for the number you have left on our website.  
Loanadda.com owned and operated by AddVenture Capital Consulting LLP and is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of all the personal information of our users. "Personal information" for purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.

**Your personal information will never be sold**  
We will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time. Loanadda.com uses and its partners discloses your personal information only as follows:  
In the event that you access the Service as brought to you by one of our co-brand partners, through a co-branded URL, your name, mail address, mobile number, date of birth, employment type, residency status, details of loan applied for and loan status may be provided to that co-brand partner when your application is submitted and whenever the status of application is updated. Loanadda.com has a business relationship with these co-brand partners and you may not opt-out of sharing your information with these co-brand partners if you have applied via a co-branded URL.

**​We limit the collection and use of personal information**  
Certain areas and features of Loanadda.com are available to you without the need to provide to us any information. However, other features of the Site or the Service such as applying for a loan will require providing Loanadda.com with details such as a your name, email address, address, mobile #, PAN #, employment & income details, personally identifying information about a potential co-loan applicant (should you select this option), password and to participate on our forum boards, a username (collectively the "Registration Information"). 
