> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the znaturalfoods.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121231010339id_/http%3A//www.znaturalfoods.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice : Moringa Sale, Chlorella, Wheatgrass, Amla, Maqui, Goji, Acai, Noni, Maca, Spirulina at ZNaturalFoods.com

Effective: 8/1/2008

At Z Natural Foods, LLC we protect your privacy as if it were our own. We dislike junk mail, spam and telemarketers as much as you do, so when you order from Z Natural Foods, LLC all of your information is kept in complete confidence. We use the information you provide to us for the following purposes only: to process your order(s), to reply to your questions, provide our newsletter via email, and to incorporate your feedback into improvements to our Website. We will not give, sell, or rent your personal information, including email address, or specific account activity to anyone for any reason without your prior consent except as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.

**Our Secure Ordering**  
Z Natural Foods, LLC uses Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to ensure the privacy of your personal information. When you make an online purchase, our advanced security technology encrypts and scrambles your personal data (including your name, delivery and e-mail addresses and credit card number) before it is sent to us, making it virtually impossible for anyone other than Z Natural Foods, LLC to read it. To further protect your information, we utilize state of the art back-end systems and restrict employee access to your information. Unless specifically authorized by you, no outside party is able to access or receive any of your personal customer information.

To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left or right corner of your browser, or to the right of the location bar in newer browsers. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), the SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the location line or your browser. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

**Information We Collect**  
In designing our website, we started with the simple belief that customer service is our number one priority. Therefore the customer information we collect is used to enhance our services to you, our customer.

When you visit our website, we collect non-personal information about your visit. We collect your IP address, browser type, domain name, and we log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We assign you a unique internal identifier to help keep track of your future visits. We use this information to gather aggregate demographic information about our visitors, and we use it to personalize the information you see on our website and the emails you receive from us (should you grant us permission to send to you). We keep this information for our internal use; we do not share it with others. This information is in no way tied to your personal information, including your email address.

Our Website uses cookies to store information between users' visits to our site and for the duration of the visit, also known as a session. Cookies are a mechanism to remember information about a visitor when he or she navigates from one Web page to another. Our Website uses cookies to hold users' unique session identifiers, allowing our Web server to serve correct information back to the user. Such information includes the user's shopping cart items, or whether he or she is logged in when requesting to view or modify personal information, including your email address, which may have been stored in our database in the past. Our Website cookies do not hold any personal identifiable information. Disabling or rejecting cookies will prevent users from adding items to the cart and checking out; however, standard browsing on our Website does not require cookies.

Z Natural Foods, LLC uses tracking technologies to send anonymous information about your browsing habits to a third party company. Links in our email communications to recipients are tracked via Web Beacons once you land on our website. Web Beacons appear on our website as 1x1 transparent images which transmit information such as your operating system, browser, resolution, geographical location, products ordered, and order total. This information is used to help our webmasters and marketers understand the behavior of visitors to our website and understand the effectiveness of online and email messages. Your information is submitted anonymously, and no sensitive or personally identifiable information is transmitted.

When you subscribe to our newsletters, Z Natural Foods, LLC asks you for contact information (your name and email address). When you sign up for our newsletters we use your name and email address to send you our health newsletters and to inform you of sales and special offers. When you submit a product review on our website, you are required to log into your customer account. Your comments, first name, city, and state will be displayed. However, no information that would allow others to contact you will be disclosed by Z Natural Foods, LLC. Your information will be used for no other purpose than to allow you to submit product reviews.

**Recommend a Product to a Friend**  
The information collected (friend's name and email address) is used to send a onetime only email to the friend letting them know about the product that the user recommends.

If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial information (such as your credit card numbers for purchases). Contact information from the order form (email address, name, billing and shipping address, and phone number) is used to send orders and information about our company to you. Your contact information, including email address, is also used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. The credit card information we collect is used to bill you for products you purchase.

**Third-party Relationships**  
We use third-party intermediaries. When you purchase from us, we send your credit card information, name, and billing address to our credit card processor for verification and to authorize your purchase. We also use outside shipping companies such as USPS and FedEx to fulfill orders. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information, including email address, for any other purposes.

**Affiliates**  
Our third-party affiliate program offers a feature that may allow a small number of selected affiliates to gain access to individual user transaction information that originates from links on their websites. These affiliates generally include, but are not limited to, rebate sites, member sites, charity fund-raising sites, school fund-raising sites, and association sites. To properly track and credit the customer's transaction, these sites may give each of their members a unique code, which will uniquely identify the member or the member's organization. This code is activated only when the customer links directly from the affiliate site to Z Natural Foods, LLC. Any transactions made at Z Natural Foods, LLC while the code is active will be reported back to the affiliate. Z Natural Foods, LLC never passes on personal data as part of this feature. We will provide only the date of the transaction, the amount of the transaction, and the product purchased. To further protect the privacy of our customers, we require all affiliates requesting this feature to sign a statement promising to inform users beforehand of any such data collection, and to guarantee that any data collected will be used solely to reward users (or their selected charities) for their purchases. If you are concerned about having your purchase tracked in this manner, you may avoid it by visiting Z Natural Foods, LLC directly (without linking from an affiliate site). If the affiliate site has not made its tracking procedures clear to you, please notify us by e-mail. 

**Opt-Out**  
If you decide to opt out of our newsletter, you may do so at anytime by following the link from our home page. You will receive a courtesy email after you have clicked that link letting you know that you have been successfully unsubscribed.

**Links**  
This site contains links to other sites. Z Natural Foods, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.

**Contacting us**  
We provide email links throughout our site that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to everyone. The information you send us is used to respond directly to your questions and comments. We also keep your email correspondence on file so that we may better serve you should you have additional questions in the future. Your personal information is shared with third parties (such as manufacturers) only with your explicit permission.

If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us at [Orders@ZNaturalFoods.com](mailto:orders@znaturalfoods.com)

Use of the Z Natural Foods website and Services are governed by our [Terms & Conditions](http://www.znaturalfoods.com/conditions.html) and [Disclaimer](http://www.znaturalfoods.com/Disclaimer), which are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
