> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the globalrph.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217095639id_/http%3A//www.globalrph.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GlobalRPh Privacy Statement

**Server Logs & IP Addresses **\- GlobalRPh does keep track of server logs in order to perform internal statistical analyses. These logs do not contain personal information such as name or email address. The logs are used to analyze what areas of our Web site are most popular, in an effort to better serve our Web site visitors.

**Links** \- This web site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each web site that collects identifiable information.

**Product Registration (Including free downloads)  ** -  Information submitted here is used for statistical analysis and internal operations as well as to update our subscriber lists.  The information submitted, whether it is a purchase, a download of a demo product, or simply providing information for a free download, remains confidential and is for our records only. We keep this information so that we can notify customers of product upgrades, announcements, and new releases.

**Cookies** -  "Cookies" are pieces of information that are placed on an User's computer hard drive to enable the User to more easily communicate and interact with the Site. We use cookies to customize your experience on the Site.   We will not use cookies to store individually identifiable information about a User. Most Internet browsers include preference settings that allow Users to be notified when, and control whether, cookies are transferred to their computers. Users may disallow receiving cookies at any time through their Web browser, though such action may compromise the ability to use certain features available on the Site. It is not our intention to use cookies to retrieve information that is unrelated to our Site or your interaction with our Site.

 **Posting Information on or Through the Site** -  You are solely responsible for the information and other content you post on or through the Site. You understand that personal and other information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone number) that you post on or through the Site ("Clinical forums", guest book, etc), is generally accessible to and may be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of these forums are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves.  Please note that all information you may post on the GlobalRPh Forum is considered public information, and is subject to all the terms and conditions outlined in the GlobalRPh Forum statement.  If you would like to review and/or update the information that you have provided to the Site, please send an e-mail to webmaster@globalrph.com requesting such access or change.

**Your Acceptance of this Policy** -   By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. GlobalRPh reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time without notice, so Users are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
