> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the globalpapermoney.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110531044308id_/http%3A//globalpapermoney.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PaperMoney - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. This site makes use of the technology known as "cookies". A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited. However, the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Any material, information, or idea, other than credit card information, transmitted to or posted on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by the site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. Credit card information is transmitted via encrypted methods to protect privacy. Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is collected at our site. We use this data for other purposes. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.  

