> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the glog.cc privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131224142144id_/http%3A//cdn.cdncomputer.com/t/ds_legal.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## DomainSponsor Legal Policies

### DomainSponsor Privacy Policy

Last Updated: August 15, 2013

As a user of this website and the webpages generated by DomainSponsor (collectively, the “Sites”) and/or the services provided by DomainSponsor (“Services”), this Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you: 

  * the information we may collect about you,
  * how that information may be used,
  * with whom it may be shared, and
  * your choices about such uses and disclosures.



We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Site or Services or transacting business with us. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or mail using the contact information provided below.

#### Information Collection

We may collect personal information such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number, as well as other information. When you provide personal information through the Site, the information may be sent to our servers located in the United States and other countries around the world.  We may collect and store any information that you enter into the Site or provide to us in some other manner. 

_Third Party List Information_.  We may also obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from third party data gathering sources.  We may match this third-party collected information with the personal information that you provide to us.

_Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Information Collection Technology._ We and our business partners, such as advertisers, may use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on the Site. For example, we and our business partners may collect and store non-personally identifying information through technologies such as cookies, log files, clear gifs (also known as web beacons), and other technologies to help determine user viewing preferences for advertising and other purposes. 

  * _Log Files_ _._ Technical information from your browser may be automatically collected when you visit the Site.  This information includes your IP address, your browser type, operating system, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies" below), and the referring website address.
  * _Cookies_ _._ A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s browser that tracks non-personal information about the user. When using the Site, we may assign your computer one or more cookies which enable us to improve the quality of our Service, to customize your experience, and for other purposes.  Cookies allow us to automatically collect information about your browser or device activity on the Site, such as the web pages you visit, the links or advertisements you click, or the other actions you conduct while using the Site.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to disable cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to access the Site, but you may not be able to use all of the interactive features we offer. Additional information on cookies can be found at: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm.
  * _Web Beacons_ _._ We, or our advertisers, may use standard Internet technology such as web beacons, clear gifs, pixels, and other similar technologies, to gather aggregate information about your browser or device activity on the Site.  We also may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. We use such web beacons to gauge the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and the quality of the Site, and for other purposes.
  * _Information collected by third-parties_ _._ We and our business partners, such as advertisers, may use technologies, such as cookies and pixels, to collect information about users who view or interact with these advertisements and connect to other websites.  This information allows us and our business partners to deliver customized advertisements and gauge their effectiveness.  Please note that we do not have access to or control over third parties’ cookies used on the Site, and this policy does not govern the use of cookies by these third parties. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and/or participants of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), which offer a single location to opt out of ad customization from their respective participating companies at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.



_Sponsor or Link Websites_. Links or sponsor websites may be presented in a manner that allows us to keep track of whether the links or sponsor sites have been used. We use this information to improve the quality of the Site, to keep track of advertising, and to customize your online experience. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.

#### Information Use and Sharing

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE MAY USE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ON THE SITE, AND IN THE COURSE OF PROVIDING THE SERVICES, FOR ANY PURPOSE IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. We may match any of the information we gather to any personally identifying information or other information we have obtained from or about you to improve the content of the Site and Services for you. Examples of some of the ways we use or share information that we collect about you include, but are not limited to, the following:

  * providing you with products or services, including the display of customized content, advertising, and services;
  * providing technical or customer support;
  * performing research and analysis to gauge use of or interest in products, services, or content offered on the Site, and to develop new services;
  * responding to your requests and inquires;
  * communicating with you by e-mail about products or services that may be of interest to you;
  * enforcing our terms and conditions, or otherwise managing our business; and
  * performing functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.



_Communications_ _from the Site_. Unless you have opted out of these features where available, we may use your information in a variety of ways to communicate with you, such as through email, newsletters, RSS feeds, service announcements, or for customer service. 

_Personal Information_. Unless you have opted out where available, we may rent, sell, or share any of your information, personal or otherwise, with third parties, including without limitation for the following purposes:

  * Service providers: We may share your personal information, alone or in combination with non-personal information, with third party service providers in connection with the Services we provide or your request for customer service on the Site. These service providers may include entities such as credit bureaus, financial institutions, marketing and customer services firms, credit card payment processors, as well as companies that support contests, sweepstakes, surveys, or other features offered through the Site, or that provide business analysis or website support. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, which may include using the information to contact you. Further, to the extent that you are a customer of DomainSponsor or your domain names are being monetized by DomainSponsor, we may be contractually obligated to share certain of your personal information such as your name, email address, mailing address and telephone number with our upstream advertising partners in order to be able to continue providing you services from those advertising partners.
  * Business partners: When you express interest in promotions offered through the Site or our Services, we may share your personal information, alone or in combination with non-personal information, with the relevant business partners or affiliates to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular offer or program, you authorize us to provide your personal information address and other information to that business so that they may contact you
  * Third parties for business reasons: In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. 
  * Third parties for legal process: In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from any law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us in our sole discretion. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the Site terms of use or other agreements or policies.



_Aggregated and Non-Personal Information_. We may rent, sell, or share aggregated demographic information not specifically identifiable to you, and other non-personal information we collect, with any third parties for any reason, including to develop and deliver customized advertising, and to conduct general business analysis. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to the Site and the most popular features or Services accessed.

Please note that our Privacy Policy does not cover any third party's use or handling of your information once it is shared. Rather, the privacy policies of the various third parties will govern. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States.

_Links_. This Site contains links to other websites, including through advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party linked websites, even if this Site frames the linked third party website. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Site and to review the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information we collect.

#### Choice/Opt Out

We give our users the opportunity to “opt-out” of having their personal information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point where we ask for the information, including the sharing of personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. Please be aware that this may result in our not being able to provide certain services to you that require us to share information with third parties. If you choose to receive communications from us but later wish to discontinue receiving communications or our Services, you can opt-out by contacting us via email or mail using the contact information provided below.

Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional e-mail communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you will have to change your preferences directly with that third party. To opt-out of communications from our third party business partners, please contact them directly.

#### Visitors Outside the United States

This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on the Site from residents of the United States. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our Services, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. 

#### Privacy Policy Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. You should visit this page frequently to review any such updates. 

#### General Contact:

DomainSponsor  
Attn: Privacy   
515 S. Flower Street, Suite 4400   
Los Angeles, California 90071  
Privacy [at] domainsponsor.com 

### **DomainSponsor Trademark Dispute Policy**

DomainSponsor® is an automated system that dynamically generates web pages containing relevant keywords and links to advertisements that are optimized based on the behavior of internet users visiting such web pages. DomainSponsor publishers, the owners of the domain name participating in the DomainSponsor system, have the ability to choose from a number of different options to customize the keywords, taglines and “look and feel” of the web pages generated by the DomainSponsor system on behalf of DomainSponsor’s publishers.

The DomainSponsor Terms of Service prohibit its users from violating the intellectual property rights of others, and also provide that the domain name owner is solely responsible for any alleged inappropriate conduct. Accordingly, if you have a claim regarding a domain name participating in the DomainSponsor system, we strongly encourage you to contact the domain name owner directly whenever possible. 

Nevertheless, while we are not in a position to arbitrate trademark disputes between domain name owners and trademark owners, we have adopted this Trademark Dispute Policy as a courtesy to assist when a dispute arises.

It is our policy to immediately review complaints of alleged trademark infringement and to perform an investigation within two (2) business days. If our investigation determines that a domain name(s) participating in the DomainSponsor system potentially violates the intellectual property rights of the complainant, we will take down the domain name from the DomainSponsor system. In appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, we may terminate any owners or administrators who are deemed to be repeat infringers. 

If you believe that your trademark has been violated, please submit a trademark dispute notice containing the information specified below. Because our actions may necessarily affect the rights of our customers, we will not investigate complaints that do not substantially comply with this notice requirement. Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is infringing your trademark. 

1\. Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;

2\. A copy of your trademark registration, or list the trademark(s) at issue, the country/countries where registered, and the registration number(s);

3\. The specific domain names at issue;

4\. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law;

5\. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the trademark owner or authorized to act on the trademark owner's behalf;

6\. Your signature

Please send your written notice of any trademark disputes to addresses specified below. While we accept communications by mail, we strongly encourage you to use electronic communications so that your communications can be properly logged and can be addressed more quickly.

**By email**  
legal [at] oversee [dot] net

**By mail**  
c/o DomainSponsor.com  
515 S. Flower St., Suite 4400   
Los Angeles, CA 90071
