> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the glossier.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161106184009id_/https%3A//www.glossier.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

EFFECTIVE: SEPTEMBER 1st, 2014

Welcome to the website (the " **Site** ") of Glossier, Inc.(“ **Company** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **us** ” and/or “ **our** ”). The Site is operated by Company and has been created to provide information about our unique beauty products (the “ **Products** ”), as well as other beauty advise and tips on trends and practices (the “ **Company Services** ”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This Privacy Policy sets forth Company’s policy with respect to information collected from Site visitors, including personally identifiable data (“ **Personal Data** ”).

When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:

## Personal Data That You Provide Through the Site:

We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, enter a promotion sponsored by Company, purchase Products or register for access to the Company Services or use certain Company Services. We also may collect Personal Data that you provide to us by granting us administrative access to your social media accounts, including Facebook, and via Google Analytics. Wherever Company collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.

* _By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to the Site, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Company and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States. *_

## Other Information:

**_Non-Identifiable Data:_** When you interact with Company through the Site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Company may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Company affiliates, agents or service providers. The Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.

In operating the Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features.

In addition, we may use local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, to display content based upon what you view on our site and to personalize your visit. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data and how that data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies click <http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html>.

**_Aggregated Personal Data:_** In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Company Services, Company often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Company may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Company may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.

Company uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and if you provide Personal Data in connection with purchasing a Product, we will use such Personal Data to process your order. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Company Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Company and its subsidiaries. Affiliates and each of their respective successors and assigns (the " **Company Related Companies** ") may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site, to better understand our users and to improve the Company Services. Company and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.

If Company intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.

Company is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

**Business Transfers:** As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.

**Related Companies:** We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

** Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties:** Company, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

** Legal Requirements: **Company may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Company, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.

You can use the Site without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain Company Services.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Company other than Personal Data collected through the Site. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Company through the Site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as comments related to the Products (collectively, " **Public Areas** "), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Company shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.

Company does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Company through the Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. The Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Company (the " **Third Party Sites** "). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Site do not imply that Company endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. For instance, we use a third party payment processor to accept and process credit and debit card payments when you purchase our products and services. The information provided to the payment processor is governed by the payment processor’s privacy policy. As of September 2014, the Company uses Stripe as our third party payment processor. Stripe’s Privacy Policy is located at <https://stripe.com/us/privacy>. We may change the payment processor in the future.

Through the Site, you can choose to access certain social media websites and services that are owned and/or controlled by third parties (including, without limitation, Facebook and Twitter) (such websites and services, collectively, the " **Social Media Services** "). When you elect to access and use the Social Media Services, you will be sharing your information (which will include personal information if you elect to share such information) with those Social Media Services. As with other Third Party Sites, the information that you share with the Social Media Services will be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service of the providers of such Social Media Services and not by the policies and procedures we describe here. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these Social Media Services to, for example, control what information the Social Media Services disclose to other entities, including Company. When you log into the Site using your Social Media Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable the Site to access that Social Media Service, however you will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such Social Media Service (and not to Company). As part of such integration, the Social Media Service will provide Company with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Media Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and, if and to the extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media Services. However, please remember that the manner in which Social Media Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of the applicable Social Media Services provider, and, as a result, Company shall not have any liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of Social Media Services that may be enabled within and/or otherwise accessible through the Site.

Company takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Company via the Internet.

Your access to and use of the Site is subject to other terms and conditions posted on the Site, including, without limitation the Terms of Use located at [www.glossier.com/terms-of-use](http://www.glossier.com/terms-of-use).

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. You may read a current, effective copy of this Privacy Policy at any time by selecting the "Privacy Policy" link on the Site. We will also notify you of any material changes either through a pop-up notice, e-mail or through other reasonable means. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. You should periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound. If you do not agree to abide by this or any future Privacy Policy, do not use or access (or continue to use or access), browse or use the Site.

To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Site. Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Site. You may contact us at [admin@intothegloss.com](mailto:admin@intothegloss.com).
