> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fdrmx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615104017id_/http%3A//fdrmx.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FDRMX | Privacy Policy

This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for (a) the website located at fdrmx.com and all corresponding web pages and websites associated with the foregoing URL (“Site”), (b) FDRMX mobile, web, desktop and other applications (collectively and individually, “FDRMX App”), and (c) any other content, applications, features, functionality, information and services offered by us though the Site and/or the FDRMX App, including, without limitation, viral, embeddable or application/device-based features and related technology (e.g., mobile, web, desktop and other APIs, widgets, plugins, applications, etc.) (collectively, “Services”). The Services are provided by FDRMX LLC and its affiliates (“FDRMX”, “Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”). Please review our Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”), which governs your use of the Services. Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect, even if your use of or participation in the Services or any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity offered through the Services terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Services or any features, activities or services offered through the Services. This Privacy Policy applies regardless of the Device you use to access the Services and whether you are accessing the Services as a registered User or otherwise.

**GENERAL**

This Privacy Policy governs only the information collected by us from you, or in connection with your use of the Services, and does not cover any other information collected in any other manner or collected by any other entity, unless specifically stated.

When we use the term “Personal Information” we mean any information that we collect on or in connection with the Services that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address or telephone number. When we use the term “Additional Information”, we mean any information that we collect on or in connection with the Services other than Personal Information, such as your music, artist or band preferences, etc. (Personal Information and Additional Information will be collectively referred to as “Information”). By visiting, accessing or otherwise using the Services, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED**

**User Registration, Features, Functions and Communications.**  In order to access and use certain features, content or functions, of the Services, you may be asked to provide certain Information. This information may include, but not to be limited to, your email address, legal name, date of birth, music, artist or band preferences. Access to certain content, features and functionality of the Services may be subject to Additional Terms, including, but not limited to, notices, requirements and settings, which may require that you provide certain Information about yourself in order to personalize and/or allow you to use these Services. At times, you may be presented with the opportunity to sign up to receive newsletters, email communications, or other communications from us in order for us to provide up-to-date information about the Services, and to publicize and promote certain content, products and services offered by us, our business partners and/or other third parties. When there is a separate sign-up for newsletters, we may ask for your contact information such as name and email address, and, sometimes, demographic and profile information. We may ask you to confirm your consent to these uses at the time you sign up for these services or communications.

**Information Collected Through Automatic Data Collection.**  Our Services include features that automatically collect certain Information such as a unique device identifier assigned to your Device (“UDID”), your Internet protocol (IP) address (if applicable), location data, and other Information regarding your use of the Services to assist us in authenticating your usage and/or Device, keeping track of your preferences, creating a more tailored user experience, better serving your particular interests and needs, etc. The Services and/or third parties may use “cookies,” (which are small data files containing information about you that is stored on your hard drive), “embedded scripts”, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to collect Additional Information automatically as you interact with the Services. Some cookies are used to make login to our Services easier. Cookies also enable us to track your interaction with the Services and target your interests to enhance your experience with the Services. We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect “clickstream” data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your Device type, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Services, pages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the Device or other credentials you use to access the Services for the same purposes. Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process. However, we may associate the information obtained through these Tracking Technologies, and your UDID, Third Party Platform anonymous identifiers and other identifiers and data, with your Personal Information so we can better customize your experience using the Services and provide tailored advertisements, Promotions, recommendations and other content related to your specific interests, activities or profile. By visiting and using the Services, whether as a registered User or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Services as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Advertising Service Providers.**  The Services may also use a variety of third party advertising networks, traffic measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers and other third parties (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”) to serve advertisements on the Services, facilitate targeting of advertisements and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and traffic on or in connection with the Services. Such services may enable us to display advertisements based on your use of the Services and other websites, services and platforms you have visited or used. Targeting services enable us to, among other things, help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.

**HOW THE INFORMATION IS USED**

We may use your Information for many purposes, including, without limitation, the following:

  * Providing any services or products that you request in connection with the Services, and contacting you regarding the administration of any features or functions of the Services you have registered to use;
  * Sending you marketing and promotional e-mails;
  * Allowing you to participate in the community and other features of the Services;
  * Responding to your questions or other requests;
  * Tailoring your experience on the Services and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit and use the Services;
  * Saving your User Account, registration and profile data or other Personal Information (so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit or use the Services); and
  * For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with the Personal Information or which are reasonably necessary to provide the Services or other related product and/or service requested.
  * Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Services and user activity;
  * Determining which features and services users like best to help us operate the Services, enhance and improve our services and the Services and display advertising and marketing information;
  * Tailoring your experience on the Services and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit and use the Services;



**OPTING-OUT OF CERTAIN USES OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

**Marketing and Promotional Communications.**  At times, you may be presented with the option of whether to receive, or automatically entered to receive, certain marketing and promotional communications from us and others that we think will be of interest to you. Recipients of such communications can unsubscribe by either following the specific instructions included in such communications.

**DATA COLLECTION FROM CHILDREN.**  The Site and the Services are not to be used by persons below 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from U.S. children under 13 without appropriate parental notice and consent

  1.  While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information. However, regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Services, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We also limit access to the Services by our own employees, contractors, Third-Party Service Providers and those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information. We request that our third party contractors and Third-Party Service Providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality.



**PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES.**  From time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Services after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.

This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 14, 2014 and is effective immediately.

Copyright © 2014 FDRMX LLC
