> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zamplebox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606172027id_/https%3A//www.zamplebox.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

ZampleBox, LLC (“ZampleBox”, “We”, “Us” or “ Our”) values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. ZampleBox is an online service that delivers electronic cigarette products and supplies to its members once a month (“Services”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how and when We collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. This Policy applies to our family of websites (the “Site(s)”). These include [www.zamplebox.com]() and any other sites at which this Policy appears and the memberships that you can purchase on the Site to receive products that we offer or make available through the Sites (“Membership(s)”). By using Our Sites and/or purchasing a Membership you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize We to use your information in the United States and any other country where We operates. This Policy is incorporated by reference into the ZampleBox Terms of Service. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](http://support.zamplebox.com/support/tickets/new).

#### INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

The information We collect from you enables us to fulfill your request for our products (electronic cigarette products that you order and receive through your Membership), to send you information or content in which you may be interested, and keep you abreast of any updates related to our Site and your Membership. We also use this information to personalize and continually improve our Site, your experience, and to ultimately serve you better.

**Information Collected Upon Registration:** You may browse our Site without registering. If you would like to place an order, become a member, and/or request information from us then we require you to register with us and become a member on our Sites. When you create, register, or edit your We account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, email address, and password. Please safeguard your password and other personal information. You may be liable for unauthorized use of our web site, as well as have your private information used by others. In some circumstances, such as making a purchase of our products, we will request that you provide your credit card, debit card, or acceptable payment option and your billing address and shipping address. You are welcome to not provide this information, but if you do not wish to provide this information then there is no way for us to provide you with our products and Services and therefore you cannot become a member.

Information We Collect Automatically: In addition, when you visit the Sites and/or register for Membership, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, and other automated devices. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor‘s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. We also may use third-party website analytics tools (such as Omniture, Google Analytics, and Facebook Insights), that collect information about visitor traffic on the Sites.

  * The information we may collect by automated means includes:
  * Information about the devices our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser, domain name and operating system type)
  * URLs that refer visitors to our sites
  * Dates and times of visits to our sites
  * Information on actions taken on our sites (such as page views and site navigation patterns)
  * A general geographic location (such as country and city) from which a visitor accesses our websites
  * Search terms that visitors use to reach our sites and the webpage that led you to the Sites 



#### COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGY:

**Cookies Information:** Cookies are small pieces of information which are issued to your computer when you visit a website and which store and sometimes track information about your use of the Service. We uses cookies to help recognize you as a repeat visitor, to improve the quality of our Service, and to try and make your browsing experience meaningful. When you enter our Sites, our web server sends a cookie to your computer which allows us to recognize your computer but not specifically who is using it. By associating the identification numbers in the cookies with other customer information when, for example, you log-in to the Service, then we know that the cookie information relates to you. Some of the cookies used by our Service are served by us, and some are served by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different browsers. By blocking or deleting cookies used on our Service, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Service.

**Local Storage Objects:** We may use Flash Local Storage Objects (“Flash LSOs”) in order to store your Site preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. In addition, you cannot control, delete, or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash cookies, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “ Website Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO.

**Log File Information or Log Data:** Our servers automatically record information (“Log Data”) created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, or visit a third-party website that includes a We button or widget. We uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them. If not already done earlier, for example, as provided below for Widget Data, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months.

**Clear Gifs Information:** When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons), which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your We account is collected using these clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make We better for our users.

**Site Analytics:** As noted, we may use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Site. We use these tools to help us improve our Site, performance and user experiences.

**Links:** We may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.

**Third-Party Ad Networks:** We may use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on Our Sites. We may display advertisements on Our Sites, participate in third party ad networks and make available to Our Sites users specific offers from third-party companies. Some of the advertisements you see on the Sites are delivered by third parties who also collect information through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies about your online activities, either on Our Web Sites or across the Internet, in an effort to understand your interests and deliver you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. These third parties include advertisers, advertising agencies, and ad networks that may collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements. Third parties that currently collect information on our Sites for the purpose of serving you with advertising tailored to your interest include, but are not limited to Atlas, BlueKai, DoubleClick, EyeWonder, Google, Mediamind, Audience Science and Pointroll. These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes. You can find more information by clicking on the company names above and following the links to each company’s web site.

In addition, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from member companies. To opt out of information collection by NAI member companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit the NAI consumer opt out page. Also, through the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different Web Sites. CBS Interactive is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more and make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties, please visit theDAA consumer opt out page. In the UK, the Internet Advertising Bureau (“IAB UK”) has developed Good Practice Principles for Online Behavioural Targeting. More information and an opt out page to manage online behavioral advertising preferences with IAB UK member companies are available atYourOnlineChoices.com. Please note that if you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on our Web Sites, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.

ZampleBox does not have access to the information these third parties may collect about your interests to deliver relevant advertising to you, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. In addition, We with third parties to help us track the ads that are delivered to you, in particular to control the number of times you receive the same ad, and to analyze the effectiveness of advertising on the Sites.

#### INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE

We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here.

**Your Consent:** We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application as log-in credentials when you register for Membership.

**Service Providers:** We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States and abroad. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.

**Law and Harm:** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect We’s rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.

**Business Transfers:** In the event that We is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.

#### HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on Our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions, including, where appropriate, password protection, encryption, SSL, firewalls, and internal restrictions on who may access data to protect our Site and the information We collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. The Sites encrypt your credit card number, debit card number, or other payment option and other personal information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your personal computer to Our servers. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to you information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your password private. Also, you should never share your log-in information with others. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. To change your Facebook password, you must go to the Facebook site and follow its procedures for changing your password.

#### MODIFYING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may modify any personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time.

You may cancel your account at anytime by logging into your account under “My Account” ([https://www.zamplebox.com/customer/account](https://web.archive.org/customer/account)) and then clicking “Cancel My Subscription”.

You may also delete your ZampleBox account, just [contact us](http://support.zamplebox.com/support/tickets/new) with a subject titled “Delete My Account” and we will assist you in doing so. We will try to delete your account as soon as possible, but it may take up to fourteen (14) business days for our systems to completely implement this so you may still get correspondences from us during that time. 

#### YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California residents may request a list of certain third parties to which we have disclosed personally identifiable information about you for direct marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by [contacting us](http://support.zamplebox.com/support/tickets/new). Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.

#### OUR POLICY TOWARDS THOSE UNDER THE AGE OF 18

Our Services are not directed to persons under 18. If you become aware that a minor is using Our Services, please [contact us](http://support.zamplebox.com/support/tickets/new). We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 18. If we become aware that a person under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens [www.connectsafely.org](http://www.connectsafely.org/).

#### CHANGES TO THIS POLICY

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern oaur use of your information and will always be at the following location: [https://www.zamplebox.com/privacy](https://web.archive.org/privacy). If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
