> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fora.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630133328id_/http%3A//fora.tv/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FORA.tv - Privacy Policy

> **Updated _June 6, 2013_**
> 
> **FORA.tv Privacy Policy**
> 
> FORA.tv provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information received from users of FORA.tv (this " **Site** "). This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. 
> 
> We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the meanings provided in the Terms of Use.
> 
> By using our Site you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. " **Processing** " means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing and deleting, using, combining and disclosing information and transferring it to the United States and internationally. 
> 
> **Information Collection and Use**
> 
> Our Primary goals in collecting information are: to provide and improve services, features and content (together, the " **Service** "), to allow users to personalize their use of the Service, and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Site. 
> 
> When you register with us through the Site, as a FORA.tv Subscriber, when you choose to create your own profile webpage or set up an account to access pay-per-view content and services we will ask you for personally identifiable information which is information about you that when on its own or in combination with other variables can be used to contact or identify you (" **Personal Information** "). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address, credit card information and an account password. We use your Personal Information to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. 
> 
> We also collect the non-personally identifiable information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile webpage (e.g., without limitation zip code and individual preferences) (" **Aggregate Demographic Information** "). Certain pieces of your information (for example, your zip code) are considered a part of your Personal Information when they are combined with other information (for example, your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified but the same pieces of information are considered part of your Aggregate Demographic Information when taken alone or combined with non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with this Aggregate Demographic Information and with aggregate information collected from other FORA.tv Users to attempt to provide you with a better experience and improve the quality and value of the Service. 
> 
> We also use your Personal Information to contact you with FORA.tv newsletters, promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. Subscribers who agree to the terms and conditions of the FORA.tv Terms of Service Agreement are given the opportunity to opt-in to the receipt of such communications from us in the future. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your "user preferences" information. (See " **Changing or Deleting Information** ," below.) 
> 
> _Log Data_. When you visit the Site, whether as a FORA.tv Subscriber or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a " **FORA.tv User** "), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (" **Log Data** "). This log data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider (or " **ISP** "), the IP address will be different every time you log on. Except in the instances described herein, we do not use this information to identify you personally. We use it to monitor use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration. 
> 
> **Cookies**  
>  Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site, and to monitor aggregate usage by FORA.tv Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you disconnect from the Site and Service. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service. 
> 
> **Information Sharing and Disclosure**
> 
> _FORA.tv Subscribers_. When you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile webpage, FORA.tv Users will see your "Screen Name" and the month and year you first registered with FORA.tv (" **Required Subscriber Identifiers** "). You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile (" **Other Subscriber Information** "), and in some cases you can choose whether to share that information publicly on the Site by making selections via the "user preferences" section of your profile webpage. Providing Other Subscriber Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with FORA.tv Users. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information. 
> 
> _Aggregate Information_. We may share Aggregate Demographic Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling. This information will not contain your Personal Information. 
> 
> _Service Providers_. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf or to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, bill and credit card payment processing, maintenance services, database management and improvement of the Site's features). These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 
> 
> _PayPal_. When you purchase a subscription or pay an access fee via PayPal, PayPal will collect and store any information that you submit during the PayPal service process. Refer to PayPal's Privacy Policy located at http://www.paypal.com for more information about PayPal's privacy practices. In connection with the PayPal payment process, PayPal may transfer us your PayPal user ID, your PayPal email address (if different from the PayPal user ID), your postal address, the amount of your payment, method of PayPal payment and your phone number. 
> 
> _Pay-Per-View Events_. When you purchase a subscription or pay an access fee to watch video from any device on FORA.tv or via third-party distributors (e.g., without limitation, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, mobile phone service providers, web enabled television service providers), we may provide Personal Information shared with us or the third-party distributor during the registration and payment process to the pay-per-view Event Organizer and their Sponsors. Refer to the privacy policies of the Event Organizers and their Sponsors for more information about their privacy practices.
> 
> _Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement_. FORA.tv cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of FORA.tv or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 
> 
> _Business Transfers_. FORA.tv may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including information provided by you, in connection with a merger, reorganization, or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy. If the new entity wishes to make additional uses of your information different from those described in this Privacy Policy you will have the opportunity to decline such use at that time. 
> 
> _Third-Party_ Advertising Companies. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)
> 
> **YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**
> 
> California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of FORA.tv who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  If you are a California resident and have provided FORA.tv with personal information within the last year, you may make such a request by emailing us at the following address privacy@fora.tv. 
> 
> Within 30 days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. A request may be made no more than once per calendar year and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the e-mail address above.
> 
> **Changing or Deleting Your Information**  
>  All Subscribers may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us. If you completely delete any such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request. See below for privacy contact information. 
> 
> **Security & International Transfer **  
>  FORA.tv is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. FORA.tv transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. 
> 
> We will disclose any compromise of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored Personal Data (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 
> 
> **Links to Other Sites**  
>  Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. This Privacy Policy addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through this Site. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. 
> 
> **Our Policy Toward Children**  
>  This Site is not directed to children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at Privacy@fora.tv. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 
> 
> **Contacting Us**  
>  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at Privacy@fora.tv or at: FORA.tv Privacy Policy, 75 Arkansas Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 
