> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the forestry.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206102315id_/http%3A//www.forestry.gov.uk/forestry/infd-52ybs4) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Forestry Commission - Privacy Policy

This page explains how we use any information you give to us through our website, and the ways in which we protect your privacy.

## The Data Protection Act

The Forestry Commission is a data controller under the Data Protection Act. Under the Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We safeguard your data, and keep strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it. We do not pass on your details to any third party or other government department (except to process on our behalf) unless you give us permission to do so.

Some of our applications are provided by third parties and may have different terms and conditions and privacy/cookie policies:

[Consultation Hub](https://englandconsult.forestry.gov.uk/privacy_policy)

[eTimber Sales](https://web.archive.org/pdf/usertermsandconditions.pdf/$FILE/usertermsandconditions.pdf)

## Cookies

### Introduction

When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.

These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:

  * enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
  

  * recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
  

  * measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast



You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through  "[Internet browser cookies - what they are and how to manage them](http://www.direct.gov.uk/managingcookies)"

If you'd like to learn how to remove cookies set on your device, visit '[Our use of cookies](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1)'

### Picture Library

On this site we use cookies in the Picture Library to store your lightbox for your next visit. We do not collect any information about you using cookies.

Cookie| Typical content| Duration  
---|---|---  
MyLightbox |   | 2 months  
  
### Tree Alert

Our Tree Alert application uses session cookies. These are stored for the duration of the session, and are used to associate the servers session with the connected user.

Cookie Name: _ga  
Duration: 2 years  
Purpose: To distinguish users

Cookie Name: _gat  
Duration: 10 minutes  
Purpose: Used to throttle request rate.

### eTimber sales

Cookie name: lastSession  
Duration: 15 minutes  
Purpose: This is a session id. If the session id is expired, the user needs to login again. 

### Google Analytics

Our website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  We are committed to following the [ICO privacy and electronic communication regulations](http://www.ico.gov.uk/~/media/documents/library/Privacy_and_electronic/Practical_application/advice_on_the_new_cookies_regulations.ashx). 

Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage. This to ensure that the service is available when you want it and fast.

Cookie| Typical content| Duration  
---|---|---  
_utma | randomly generated number | 2 years  
_utmb | randomly generated number | 30 minutes  
_utmc | randomly generated number | session  
_utmz | randomly generated number + info on how the site was reached (e.g. directly or via a link, organic search or paid search) | 6 months  
  
  
For further details on the cookies set by Google Analytics, please refer to the [Google Code website](http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html#cookiesSet).

### Google Maps

Cookie| Typical content| Duration  
---|---|---  
PREF |   | 2 years  
NID |   | 6 months  
SNID |   | 6 months  
  
### Third party cookies

**Facebook**

Cookie| Typical content| Duration  
---|---|---  
datr |   | 2 years  
lsd |   | session  
reg_fb_gate |   | session  
reg_fb_ref |   | session  
act |   | session  
csm |   | session  
lu |   | 2 years  
sub |   | session  
locale |   | 1 week  
p |   | session  
c_user |   | session  
s |   | session  
xs |   | session  
presence |   | session  
  
**Twitter**

Cookie| Typical content| Duration  
---|---|---  
guest_id |   | 2 years  
k |   | 1 week  
_twitter_sess |   | session  
auth_token_session |   |    
secure_session |   |    
original_referer |   |    
lang |   |    
twll |   |    
  
**Flickr**

Cookie| Typical content| Duration  
---|---|---  
B |   | 2 years  
Bx |   | 1 week  
  
### How to control and delete cookies

We will not use cookies to collect personnally identifiable information about you.

However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The 'Help' section within your browser should tell you how.

Alternatively you may wish to visit [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/) which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies.

Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website.

If you wish to view your cookie code, just click on a cookie to open it. You'll see a short string of text and numbers. These numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.  
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.

To opt-out of third parties collecting any data regarding your interaction on our website, please refer to their website for further information.

## Log Files

Log files allow us to record visitors' use of the site which we use to make changes to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it. Log files do not contain any personal information about you or information about which other sites you have visited.

Back to top

## Other information we collect

We collect different kinds of information from visitors to our website:

  * feedback
  * calls to our helpdesk
  * requests for information 
  * consultation responses
  * registration details for some areas of the site 



You can send us your feedback directly using the [contact details ](https://web.archive.org/contactus)on our website. We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation when dealing with your enquiry. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without first seeking your permission.

Where your details are held in our tracking system these are archived after we have dealt with your enquiry and deleted after 12 months.

### Calls to our helpdesk

The information you supply to us in telephone contacts may be logged within a database to help us respond to, and track, your request. We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without your permission.

Our system archives your messages after it has been dealt with, and deletes them after 12 months.

### Requests for Information

We need to record your personal contact details to be able to respond to, and track the progress of, your request.  We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without your permission.

If you register an interest in receiving regular updates from the site your details will be kept indefinitely. You have the option to check the details supplied by you, to update these details, or to remove your name from any mailing lists by contacting us.

### Consultation Responses

We regularly use our website to encourage input into the many consultation exercises that we carry out. On some occasions we will invite responses directly through the site. Where this happens we need to record your personal contact details to be able to validate responses and, where appropriate to respond to your input. We do not pass on any of your personal information outside our organisation unless you have given us permission to do so. We will not use any information you supply for any other purpose without your permission.

We will normally archive computer-held responses after six months and delete them after 12 months.

### Registration Details

Although most of our site does not require you to register there are a few areas which do. The details you supply will only be used for these purposes unless you give us permission for other uses (for example to be included in mailing lists).

Back to top

## Links to other sites

When using this site you may access an online service or transaction that is delivered by another government department or agency, or by a commercial supplier. Each of these services will have its own privacy policy and terms and conditions or end user licences that apply only to that service. Users of any service should make sure they have read the relevant terms and conditions before completing that transaction.

We do not pass on any personal information you have given us to any other site.

Back to top

## Access to your information and contacting us

You can change your registration information by contacting us. If you wish to see our records of any correspondence you have sent to us, or if you have a query or complaint about this privacy policy or about the site, you can contact us:

e-mail: [webmaster@forestry.gsi.gov.uk](mailto:webmaster@forestry.gsi.gov.uk)

Webmaster  
Communications Branch  
Forestry Commission  
231 Corstorphine Road  
Edinburgh  
EH12 7AT  
United Kingdom

T: 0300 067 5053

If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.

Back to top

Last updated: **04/29/2015**
