> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foreseegame.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160609164746id_/http%3A//www.foreseegame.com/Static/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY FOR FORESEEGAME (WEBSITE & MOBILE APP)

OVERVIEW:  
This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signature to make the terms of this policy binding. We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. 

OUR PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS:  
What information we collect and why we collect it.  
How we use that information  
The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.  


DATA PROTECTION:  
At FORESEEGAME data protection is a matter of trust and your privacy is very important to us. We use your personal information only in the manner set out in this privacy policy. Please read the privacy policy to learn more about our information gathering and dissemination practices. We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.

The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and subdomain of www.foreseegame.com (“the website”) and foreseegame mobile App (“the mobile application”) and apply generally to our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries or joint venture websites. By visiting the website or mobile App you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy

This privacy policy explains how www.foreseegame.com and forseegame mobile App gather personal information, classified as mandatory or optional as part of the normal operation of our services, and use, disclose and protect such information through the website and mobile application. This detailed privacy policy enables you to take informed decisions in dealing with us. Our parent, subsidiaries and joint ventures operate under similar privacy practices subject to the requirements of applicable law.

By registering with FORESEEGAME you acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this privacy policy, expressly give consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and any personal information provided by you through www.foreseegame.com or forseegame mobile App under lawful contract. This privacy policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of user agreement.

Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.

At FORESEEGAME, we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy; we value your trust in us. We work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend your friends and family to participate in dealing with us. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our website and mobile App.

FORESEEGAME’S PRIVACY ASSURANCE:  
FORESEEGAME promises that we will not trade or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our website or mobile app and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods and services availed or won in a game etc. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.

INFORMATION THAT FORESEEGAME COLLECTS:  
When you use our website or mobile App, we collect and store your personal information. We gather your personal information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you selects, track you preferences to provide you with a customized site experience, to notify you of any updated information and new activities and other related functions offered by FORESEEGAME, keep you informed about latest content available on the website or mobile App, special offers, and other products and services of FORESEEGAME, to assist you with customer service or technical support issues, to follow up with you after your visit, to otherwise support your relationship with FORESEEGAME, or to prevent fraud and unlawful use. For the aforesaid purposes, we only collect such personal information that we consider relevant to understand you or your interests.

In general, you can visit or browse the FORESEEGAME website or mobile App without having to provide your personal information during which time you remain anonymous and at no time can we identify you unless you have an account on our database and log on with your username and password. Once you provide your personal information you are no more anonymous to us. To fully use our website and other services you will need to register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us with your name, date of birth, contact number, email id, password, residence information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the website or mobile App, as the case may be. We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our website or mobile App. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement and gather broad demographic information, to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is in our site or not), which URL you next visited (whether this url is in our site or not), your computer or mobile phone browser information, and your IP address.

We use data collection devices such as “cookies” on certain pages of the site to help analyze our webpage or mobile App flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. “COOKIES” are small files which identify your computer or mobile to our server as a unique user when you visit certain pages on the site and they are stored by your internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may offer certain features that are only available through the use of a “cookie”. We also use cookie to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are “session cookies” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use full functionality of the website or the mobile App. We only use cookie for your convenience in using the website or the mobile App and not for obtaining or using any other information about you. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.

If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.

HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:  
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect FORESEEGAME and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results. We use your personal information to facilitate the service you request. We do not sell, rent, trade or exchange any personally identifying information of our users. We may provide your collected information to our affiliates and service providers under the contract (such as customer care, data analytics) to support the operation of the website and mobile App and our services. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information to,

  1. Resolves disputes
  2. Troubleshoot problems
  3. Help promote safe using our services
  4. Measure customer interest in the services provided by us
  5. Inform you about online and offline offers
  6. Products
  7. Services
  8. Any updates
  9. Customize your experience
  10. Detect and protect us against error
  11. Fraud and other criminal activities
  12. Enforce our user agreement
  13. In general to improve the user experience



In our efforts to continually improve our products and services offerings, we collect and analyze demographic, profile and usage data about our user’s activity on our website and mobile App.

We use your personal information to improve our platform, improve the Services, improve websites and mobile App’s contents and product offerings, prevent or detect fraud or abuse of our website and mobile Apps and tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the website or Mobile App.

We may also use your personal information to display content and services that are targeted to your interests. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile. You may make changes to your profile at any time.

ADVERTISEMENTS:  
When a user enters information on any form of an advertiser, the information is simultaneously collected by FORESEEGAME and the advertiser. The information is used by FORESEEGAME in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and is used by the advertiser as per advertiser’s prevalent privacy policy. Since we do not control the privacy practices of these advertisers, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to provide the said information.

We may employ third party services to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operation that we provide to you on the site (e.g. Search Technology, discussion boards, affiliate and reward programs etc.) and therefore, we may provide some of your personal information these internal service providers. These internal service providers are subjected to confidentiality agreement with us and our legal restrictions that prohibit their use of your personal information for any other purposes except to facilitate the specific outsourced service. In that event FORESEEGAME shall not be liable for any loss, damages or any other issue.

LEGAL REQUESTS:  
We co-operate with law enforcement and regulatory inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you from wrong. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we may (and you authorize us to) disclose some of your personal information which is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party right owners or others in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to

  1. Enforce our terms or privacy policy
  2. Respond to claims that an advertisement
  3. Posting or other content that violate the rights of a third party
  4. To protect the right, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.



YOUR USE OF USER’S INFORMATION:  
FORESEEGAME and our users do not tolerate spam, therefore, without limiting the foregoing you are not licensed to conduct any act which is relevant to spam or against the morality or against the public policy.

Use of FORSEEGAME is available only to persons who can form a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872.

ACCESS OR CHANGE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION:  
To protect you privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally identifying information. If you have registered your profile on FORESEEGAME, your registered User ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information.

The User agrees that in the event of change or deactivation of his/her mobile telephone number, he/she will update his/her account information on FORESEEGAME within 48 hours to ensure that his/her messages are not sent to the person who acquires his/her old number. The user provides consent and all rights necessary to enable users to sync (including through an application) their devices with any information that is visible to them on FORESEEGAME. The User shall be liable to indemnify the FORESEEGAME in the event of breach of this covenant.

ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems). Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems. 

SECURITY:  
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We restrict access to personal information to FORESEEGAME employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. We offer the use of a secure server. The secure server’s software encrypts all information you put in before it is sent to us. Once your information is in our possession, we adhere to strict security guidelines in compliance with the (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000. Protecting it against unauthorized access. 

GRIVEANCE OFFICER:  
In accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder, the name and contact details of grievance officer are published on our website, in user agreement. You can view it from our Foreseegame Mobile App also. 
