> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foreignladies.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618045547id_/http%3A//foreignladies.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

ForeignLadies is committed to protecting your privacy. ForeignLadies is a completely self-contained community. information you provide to this web site is used exclusively for this website. ForeignLadies will not participate or allow spamming of any kind. Your information will not be sold to advertisers or solicitors. You will not receive any unwanted solicitations as a result of providing the required information. If you choose, you may receive updates from ForeignLadies via your private email. Otherwise, the only mail you will receive from us is that pertaining to the status of your account.

Authorized employees are the only ones with access to your account information, such as your username, password and credit card information. While it is impossible to guarantee that loss or misuse of your data will not occur, we will make every effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Your credit card number is encrypted prior to transmission. ForeignLadies wants you to feel comfortable and safe while visiting our sites, and invite you to address any concerns you may have to [support@foreignladies.com](mailto:%20support@foreignladies.com).

About Cookies: a cookie is a small text file that contains a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website may identify you and track your activities on the website. This allows ForeignLadies computers to identify your computer whenever you visit our site. ForeignLadies uses cookies to identify misuse and abuse of the system and block those intrusions. A cookie does not identify any personal information about you, such as your real name and address. ForeignLadies does not collect information about a given person using cookies. Because cookies are only text files, they cannot run on your computer, search your computer for other information, or transmit any of your information to anyone else. ForeignLadies uses cookies to determine in what state your computer workstation is located and thus improve speed of service. The use of cookies is considered an industry standard, and their use is incorporated into most major websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, you can reset your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. ForeignLadies does not require you to use cookies but you may have difficulty using this service if you set your browser to not accept cookies.

The information we collect internally is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our site and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding their questions they have placed on-line.

Occasionally ForeignLadies conducts email-marketing campaigns. Our email campaigns include information on features and promotions available on our sites. We collect your email address when you register for promotions, which may run periodically on the ForeignLadies homepage. You may elect not to receive these emails at any time by replying to the email message and putting the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line.

Please help us in protecting your privacy by being aware of internet safety and reporting any violations that you may encounter. You are ultimately responsible for the security of your ForeignLadies username and password. Please be careful when using and saving them. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Remember to log out of your browser at the end of each session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information or correspondence. This is especially true if you share a computer with someone else or if you use a computer in a public place such as the library or school.
