> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the forinside.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141222132700id_/http%3A//forinside.com/terms.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Forinside Youtube Download HD | Convert and save online

## Terms & Privacy

### This site is not responsible by converted contents. We are totally against the piracy, adult pornography, scenes that contain violence, racism, torture and any other kind of crime against the humanity.

Terms: 

The Forinside.com is not responsible for any file downloaded and converted. The User agrees to use the services offered by Forinside.com and enjoy the tips and tutorials provided by the same, this channel only for their own benefit to be applied to materials authored or possessing permit granted by the author. User is aware that you may not use the services provided by Forinside.com to manipulate, convert or download files that have pictures or messages referring to torture, violence, racism, threats, drugs, pornography and adult pornography, content which violate patents, industrial and commercial secrets, trademarks and copyright. Forinside is strictly for backup purposes. Forinside is for you to backup your uploaded videos.

Privacy:

All personal information collected will be used to help make your visit to our website as productive and enjoyable as possible . The guarantee of confidentiality of personal data of users of our website is important for Forinside . The personal information collected may include your name , email , phone number and / or phone , address, date of birth and / or others. The use of Forinside implies acceptance of this Privacy Agreement . The teams Forinside reserves the right to change this agreement without notice . Thus , we recommend that you refer to our privacy policy on a regular basis in order to be always updated . Announcements : Like other websites , we collect and use the data contained in the ads. The information in the ads include your IP ( internet protocol ) address, your ISP ( internet service provider , such as Toad , Clix , or other ) , the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time of your visit and which pages you visited throughout our site . Cookies and Web Beacons : We use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our website . This may include a simple popup or a link to some of our features, such as forums. We also use third party advertisements on our website to support maintenance costs . Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and / or web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) also receive your personal information , such as IP address, your ISP , your browser , etc. . This is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing ads Lisbon only to readers from Lisbon for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific type of user (such as display advertising restaurant to a user who visits cooking sites regularly , for example) . You hold the power to turn off your cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs Anti -Virus such as Norton Internet Security . However , this may change the way we interact with our website or other websites . This may affect whether or not allow logins programs, websites or our forums and other networks . Links to Third Party Sites Forinside has links to other sites , which , in our view , may contain information / tools useful for our visitors . Our privacy policy does not apply to third-party sites , so that if another visit from our site should read the privacy policy of that . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content contained in those sites.

[](http://whos.amung.us/stats/hf5y3accolsp/) [](http://www.histats.com/ "free counter")
