> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the formspring.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-02-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100218135005id_/http%3A//www.formspring.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | FormSpring

FormSpring respects each individual's right to personal privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how FormSpring will collect, use and safeguard any personal information you provide. We will collect and use information only in the ways disclosed in this statement. All user information contained within any form you may use or build is governed by FormSpring's [Terms and Conditions](http://www.formspring.com/terms.html). 

FormSpring has implemented processes intended to protect user information and maintain security of data. Each account holder is assigned a unique user name and password, which is required to access their account. It is your responsibility to protect the security of this login information. We have attempted to protect FormSpring's servers by locating them in areas with security procedures, use of firewalls and implementing other generally available security technologies. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data, but no guarantee can be made that you information and data will be secure from intrusions and unauthorized release to 3rd parties.

As part of the FormSpring services, we store the forms you build and any data that was collected from those forms. We respect the privacy of all users, and consider all data that is collected to be private. Your information is used strictly for internal purposes, and FormSpring will not distribute or sell your information to a 3rd party, except as disclosed in this statement. The creator of a form may choose not to have the form data stored within the FormSpring database, or may choose to encrypt the data in the database so that it will be impossible to access without a password that you specify. When you submit information, you are transferring such information into the United States and you hereby consent to such transfer.

We collect email addresses from those who contact us via email, and ask for information such as your email address and name when you sign up for an account with FormSpring. The information we collect is not distributed or sold to a 3rd party. It will only be used to communicate with you about your FormSpring account, and where needed as part of certain FormSpring features. You may update your account information at any time.

For statistical purposes, FormSpring will gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. These log files contain standard information collected by web servers, such as client IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), operating system, etc. This information is only used internally, and is not distributed or sold to a 3rd party. FormSpring uses this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the FormSpring website and to gather demographic information about its user base as a whole. FormSpring does not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information.

However, any information collected by FormSpring may be shared if it is necessary to investigate, prevent or prosecute illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations to the Terms and Conditions, or as otherwise required by law or a valid government request (including, but not limited to, search warrants, subpoenas or court orders). FormSpring may also share information if it is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, FormSpring will notify you before information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. FormSpring reserves the right to use and disclose any information collected that is not in personally identifiable form.

A "cookie" is a small text file containing a unique identifier that our web server sends to a user's browser, and may be stored on a user's hard drive. Cookies are required to use FormSpring services. If you have your browser set to reject cookies, your use of the FormSpring services is likely to be interrupted. The cookies we use are not permanent.

FormSpring is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the FormSpring website, nor the information or content contained therein. When you use a link from the FormSpring website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to the FormSpring website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies.

FormSpring reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If material changes are made to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a prominent notice on the FormSpring website home page.

As a business service, FormSpring does not target its offering toward, and does not knowingly collect any personal information from, users under thirteen (13) years of age.

FormSpring complies with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the US department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of date from the European Union, as further explained in our [Safe Harbor Notice](http://www.formspring.com/safe-harbor.html).

Your use of the FormSpring services is governed by our [Terms and Conditions](http://www.formspring.com/terms.html), which contains disclaimers, limitations of liability and a choice of Indiana law and jurisdiction.
