> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fortwayne.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120524150800id_/http%3A//content.fortwayne.com/%3Fq%3Dprivacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FortWayne.com - Fort Wayne IN

Your privacy is important to Fort Wayne Newspapers ("we" or "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy discloses our practices with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of information in connection with Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites.

Our sites may contain links to other Web sites, including Web sites directed to children. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide links from our sites. You should check the applicable privacy policy of the Web site sponsor when linking to other Web sites.

**When does Fort Wayne Newspapers collect my personally identifiable information?**  
We will ask you for personally identifying information when you register on one of Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites, or prior to use of certain features or services on any of our sites. During registration, you are asked to provide your email address and some demographic information. The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize our services and your experience to suit your needs and preferences. In addition to registration, we may collect personally identifiable information from you when you participate in one of our forums or blogs (which may be done in conjunction with site registration), enter contests and sweepstakes, participate in promotions and special programs, register for premium or customized services, make a purchase at one of our merchants or partners, or subscribe to one of our print publications. 

If you are making a purchase or enrolling in a premium service for which there is a fee, we or a third party working in partnership with us will collect your credit card, billing address and other verifying information. In addition, we may collect personally identifiable information from you when you provide content for us to display or use on one or more of the Fort Wayne Newspapers sites, including but not limited to, when you participate in user surveys, post messages to bulletin boards or chat areas, submit personals or other classified listings, submit photos, report a problem with one of our sites or services, or submit a letter to the editor. 

If you use our referral service ("Email an Article to a Friend") to tell a friend about our site, we will ask for your email address and theirs. We automatically send a one-time email to the address you provided. Neither your email address nor the email address you provide is stored or used for any other purpose. 

**What information does Fort Wayne Newspapers collect?**  
We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, such as your e-mail address, postal address, home or work telephone number or credit card number (only if you choose to purchase a product online). If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need - to correspond with you, process an order or provide you with a subscription, for example - it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. 

This Web site uses services provided by NewsRight. NewsRight collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity.Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of NewsRight. Please refer to the NewsRight privacy policy at  
[http://www.newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx](http://www.newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx) for further information.   
   
 **Cookies**  
Like many other commercial sites, our sites may utilize a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used. Cookies were designed to help a Web site recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus or capture your e-mail address. You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies, but then you will not be able to participate in most customized services, and you may be required to repeatedly log in to participate in various services, promotions or product offerings. 

Our Web sites use cookies to enhance your visit. Cookies can securely store a user's password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." Our cookies may collect your domain name and track your selections through our Web pages. However, we only use cookies to gather the information indicated in this policy and do not use cookies to gather personally identifying information about you without your consent. 

We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all. These cookies help us estimate our audience size, determine which areas of Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites are the most popular, and serve targeted advertising. Third-party advertisers and our ad server may set and access their cookies on your computer in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you would like more information about the use of cookies by our third-party ad server, please click here: [http://www.247realmedia.com/EN-US/privacy-policy.html. ](http://www.247realmedia.com/EN-US/privacy-policy.html.%C2%A0 "http://www.247realmedia.com/EN-US/privacy-policy.html. ")

Most browsers can be configured to reject cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent. Keep in mind, however, that if you refuse cookies, it is possible that some portions of Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites may not function exactly as intended. 

**IP Address**  
Fort Wayne Newspapers may also collect IP addresses for the purpose of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to our advertisers (e.g. how many visitors logged in to a Fort Wayne Newspapers site). An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet. When you visit a particular Fort Wayne Newspapers Web page, our servers log your IP address. Your IP address is not linked to personally identifiable information. 

**How is my personally identifiable information used?**  
Our main goal is to provide you with a customized and more relevant experience on Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites. We review our users' preferences, demographics, traffic patterns and other information in aggregate so that we can better understand who our audience is and what it is you want. Tracking user preferences also helps us serve you more relevant advertising. Please note that we do not share your personally identifying information with the advertiser. 

We use a third party to serve ads when you visit our site. This third party ad server may use certain information about your visit to our site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, but they are not allowed to collect or use personally identifiable information about you for their own purposes. 

All credit card information is transmitted in an encrypted form, using SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the industry standard. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Fort Wayne Newspapers assumes no liability for disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized third parties. If you have any questions about security on our Web sites, you can contact us at: [contact@fortwayne.com](mailto:contact@fortwayne.com). 

The email address provided by you at registration, or as updated, may be used by Fort Wayne Newspapers and its affiliated entities to contact you for any reason, including: (1) your account status (including an email confirmation of registration), (2) major changes to the Web site or the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, (3) participation in user surveys, asking for feedback on the Web site and (4) notifying you of existing or prospective products and services offered by us or our advertisers and partners. 

If you opt into a third-party offer on this site, your relationship with the third party will be governed by their respective privacy policies. If you no longer wish to receive communication from the third party, you will need to contact them directly to opt out. When you sign up for some third-party services on this site, such as free coupons or Yellow Pages, you will be taken to a co-branded site that may appear to be FortWayne.com. However, if the third party is collecting information from you, the use of this information is governed by the co-branded partner's privacy policy. 

**Who does Fort Wayne Newspapers share information with?**  
User information is shared within Fort Wayne Newspapers in order to provide you with a more integrated and customized user experience. We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties except (1) to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested product or service, or (2) in order to provide targeted promotional offers during the registration process. If you do not accept any of the offers, your information will not be retained by our registration offers partner. 

To the extent you are notified of uses of your personal information that are different from those described in this Privacy Policy during your enrollment in any particular service, sweepstakes, contest or promotion, the uses of which you are specifically notified will govern that service, sweepstakes, contest or promotion. We may co-sponsor some contests on our site with other companies. If you enter one of these contests, our co-sponsor may receive the information collected. In such cases, we will tell you who the co-sponsor is and notify you if the use of this information is governed by the co-sponsor's privacy policy. 

We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our Web site. 

**What else should I know about my privacy?**  
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area, that information may be collected and used by others. We do not control the actions of our visitors or registered users. If you disclose personal information in a forum, blog or any other publicly accessible place on Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites, you do so at your own risk and you understand that your submitted information may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages, advertisements or for other purposes. 

Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password you use to register, and you should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online. 

This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Fort Wayne Newspapers. Please be aware that Fort Wayne Newspapers is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. 

We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. 

**Privacy Protection for Children:**  
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly provide access to Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites to persons under the age of thirteen (13). If Fort Wayne Newspapers later learns that any registered user is under the age of thirteen (13), we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database and we will restrict this individual from future access to Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites. We feel strongly about protecting the privacy of children. We encourage kids to involve their parents in any interactive activity they participate in online. Except where otherwise disclosed, we will not collect or use any personal information from children we know to be under the age of thirteen without obtaining express parental consent. All general information collected from users under the age of thirteen is used only for aggregate statistical analysis. 

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy:**  
By using Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites. We reserve the right, to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. If we materially change how we use your personal information we will notify you either by email or through a prominent notice on the Web site. Your continued use of any portion of Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites following notification or posting of such changes, will constitute your accept of those changes. If you have questions or concerns about our specific policies, please contact us at: [](mailto:feedback@fortwayne.com)[contact@fortwayne.com](mailto:contact@fortwayne.com)[](mailto:feedback@fortwayne.com). 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, contact Fort Wayne Newspapers at [](mailto:feedback@fortwayne.com)[contact@fortwayne.com](mailto:contact@fortwayne.com)[](mailto:feedback@fortwayne.com).
