> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the forum-network.org privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091117013536id_/http%3A//forum-network.org/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Forum Network | Free Online Lectures from PBS and NPR

**HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION GATHERED ON THE SITE?**

Neither WGBH, nor our affiliates and third-party vendors acting on our behalf to help deliver the services and operate the Site, will willfully disclose any personally identifiable information about our online users to any third party without first receiving the user's permission, unless required by law or legal process, valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency, or such release is necessary to protect anyone's rights, property or safety. 

In terms of our own use of information, we may use your personally identifiable information for the activities described in the previous sections, for the activities described when you submitted the information, or for internal and marketing and promotional purposes as further described in this policy. 

We will typically explain the extent of use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.

As mentioned, in certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf. These service providers maintain customer databases with e-mail addresses of Site visitors who have provided them to us by registering at the Site, signing up for a newsletter or listserv, e-mailing us questions about the service, donors who submit online contributions, or online buyers who make a purchase. We (which includes our service providers) will use these addresses to respond to the general purposes for which we collected the information, to provide services and to operate the Site, including to respond to inquiries; to process credit card payments, billing, and shipping; to process e-mail distribution; for list processing and analysis; for promotions management; to send information about Forum Network's programs, services, or your local public broadcasting station's membership/fundraising; or to correspond about a purchase or product offers. Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf. They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose for which we have contracted them, for example sending you a newsletter. They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose. 

Similarly, personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation will be shared with third parties who perform services to process the donation. Also, with your permission, in transmitting your donation we may share your personally identifiable information with the donee (e.g., the local public broadcasting station). 

Like many nonprofits, we occasionally exchange some of our donors' names and postal addresses with carefully selected nonprofit educational, cultural, health, and social service organizations. When you make an online contribution, your name and postal address will be included as eligible to be exchanged. Our exchange program provides other nonprofits with only your name and postal address. 

If at any time you would like to check or update our record of your information, please let us know by using the forum-network.org Contact Us page, calling the WGBH Member Hotline (617-300-3300, Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm EST), or writing to us (WGBH, Box 200, Boston, MA 02134).

**We will not sell, exchange, or lend e-mail addresses to any non-affiliated third party without your permission.** However, we or our service providers may release personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency, or such release is necessary to protect anyone's rights, property or safety.

On certain pages, we may now or in the future, offer visitors the opportunity to provide comments, messages or other user-generated text, content or materials (collectively "User Materials"). Any information that you disclose when posting a message to these areas, such as your name, screen name or ID used, becomes public. In addition, the information that you disclose in these areas may be used by us for promotional and marketing purposes. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose in these public areas. Further, the Forum Network partners, public broadcasting station affiliates and their licensees, may use, copy, sublicense, modify, transmit, publicly perform, display, create derivative works of, host, index, cache, tag, encode, and/or adapt any User Materials, and any information contained therein, in any and all media formats or channels, whether now known or hereafter devised, including, but not limited to, the Site, public broadcasting station web sites, other third party web sites, over the air (on radio or television), and on mobile platforms. 

We reserve the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status. This includes order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices, notices of credit-card problems, other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to the Site and/or to our Privacy Policy. If you have registered for online discussions or other services, you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities.

We offer several e-mail newsletters and listservs. We will always provide a clear and convenient method of unsubscribing to our e-mailings. If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions located in each newsletter or email, or go to the Site's Contact Us page and send us a message. We will update our records as soon as possible. 

WGBH, with the assistance from time to time of its third party service vendors, uses non-identifying aggregate information to analyze use of and better design the Site and to share this information with third parties in aggregate form only as appropriate. For example, we may tell a third party that a certain number of users accessed a particular video on the Site. However, we will not disclose any information that could be used to identify those users. 
