> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the forzarticle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110619035008id_/http%3A//forzarticle.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Article Directory | Submit Your Articles Free

Your privacy is important to us PrivacyYour. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices about the way your information may be collected and used.

To help you find make this notice easy, we make it on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.Google Adsense and DoubleClick DART cookie google as a provider of advertising for other uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of cookies by DART enables them to serve Google ads to visitors who remove themselves on their visit to this site and other sites on the DART cookie internet.To subject, read the Google ad and content network privacy at the following address http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html track users through the DART cookie mechanisms are governed by their own servers, Google’s privacy policies.Other third or networks, advertisers may be using cookies to user activity on this site for advertising effectiveness and other reasons, to measure in their own privacy policies, has used forzarticle.com no access or control over these cookies that go through third parties of personal information when advertisers.

Collection forzarticle.com, the IP address to the Site will be connected with the date and time of access Access can be used. This information is only used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements and gather broad demographic information for internal use. More importantly, all registered IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.Links WebsitesWe other links on this site for your use and reference included. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on those sites. You should be aware that the data protection policies of those sites may differ from ours.
