> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the villagevoice.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180303113713id_/https%3A//www.villagevoice.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Village Voice

### PRIVACY POLICY

**This Privacy Policy is effective May 17, 2017**

Village Voice, LLC (“ **Company** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at _www.villagevoice.com_ , our mobile application ( **“Application(s)”** ), and our widgets (collectively, the “ **Site** ”) and online services ( **“Services”** ).

  1. **Questions; Contacting Company; Reporting Violations**. If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number:



Village Voice, LLC  
_Attn_ : Privacy Officer  
80 Maiden Lane, Suite 2015  
New York, NY 10038  
(212) 475-3300

  2. **User Consent.** By submitting Personal Data through our Site or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  3. **A Note About Children.** We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13.  If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to Company and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.  If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at [privacyofficer@villagevoice.com](mailto:privacyofficer@villagevoice.com) or at the address or phone number set forth in Section 1, above.
  4. **A Note to Users Outside of the United States. If you are a non U.S. user of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy.   In addition, your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.**
  5. **Types of Data We Collect. “Personal Data”** means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.  **“Anonymous Data”** means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons.  We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below. 
    * **Information You Provide to Us.**
      * We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, gender, and e-mail and mailing addresses when you create an account on our network (“ **Account** ”).
      * If you use our Services on your mobile device, including through our Application(s), we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number.
      * If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can either reinstall the Application(s) or deactivate GPS on your mobile device.
      * Our Site lets you store preferences like how your content is displayed, your location, safe search settings, and favorite widgets. We may associate these choices with your ID, browser or the mobile device, and you can edit these preferences at any time.
      * When connecting to our Services via a service provider that uniquely identifies your mobile device, we may receive this identification and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality.
      * Certain Services, such as two-factor authorization, may require our collection of your phone number. We may associate that phone number to your mobile device identification information.
      * When you order products or services on our Site, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information and shipping information. We may not store this information directly on our servers, but this information may be shared with third parties who help process and fulfill your purchases. When you submit credit card numbers, we encrypt that information using industry standard technology.
      * If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
      * When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
      * We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.
      * If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not). We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.  In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.  These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary.  We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
      * We may also collect Personal Data, such as at other points in our Site that state that Personal Data is being collected.
    * **Information Collected via Technology.**
      * _Information Collected by Our Servers_. To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol ( **“IP”** ) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
      * _Log Files._ As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ( **“ISP”** ), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.  For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site or the Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.  Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
      * _Cookies_. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.  **“Cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.    This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
      * _Pixel Tag_ In addition, we use **“Pixel Tags** ”(also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users.  In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.  Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.  We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.  We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ Personal Data.
      * _Collection of Data by Advertisers_. We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Site.  Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Site (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number).  They do this by using Cookies, Pixel Tags or other technologies.  Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties.  This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Cookies or Pixel Tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies.    If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: <http://www.aboutads.info/choices> or [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).
      * **_How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals_** **. We do not currently respond to “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that might enable consumers to opt out of tracking on our Site**.
      * _Flash LSOs_. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “ **Flash Cookies** ,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features.  Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored.  Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies.  To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>.
      * _Mobile Services_. We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application(s).  This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location, how you use the Application(s), and information about the type of device you use.   In addition, in the event our Application(s) crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Application(s).  This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
      * _Analytics Services and Interest-Based Advertising._ In addition to the tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit our Site.  This includes third party analytics services, including but not limited to Google Analytics ( **“Analytics Services”** ), that we engage to help analyze how users use the Site, as well as third parties that deliver content or offers.  We may receive reports based on these parties’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis.  We use the information we get from Analytics Services only to improve our Site and Services.  The information generated by the Cookies or other technologies about your use of our Site and Services (the **“Analytics Information”** ) is transmitted to the Analytics Services.  The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity.  The Analytics Services may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics Services’ ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Services’ Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  By using our Site and Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  For a full list of Analytics Services, please contact us at privacyofficer@villagevoice.com.  We may also partner with ad companies to support out marketing efforts, including by serving you ads better tailored to your likely interests.  If you don’t want to take advantage of these services, you may be able to opt-out by visiting <http://www.aboutads.info/> or <http://networkadvertising.org/choices/> , or if you are located in the EU, <http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/>.
    * **Information** **Collected from Third Party Companies.** We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from companies that provide our Services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our Site.  These third party companies may supply us with Personal Data.  We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Site in order to improve the Services we provide.
  6. **Use of Your Personal Data**
    * **General Use.** In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.  We use your Personal Data in the following ways: 
      * facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
      * identify you as a user in our system;
      * provide improved administration of our Site and Services;
      * provide the Services you request;
      * improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services;
      * send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created;
      * send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security, or support and maintenance advisories;
      * respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests;
      * make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback; and
      * send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Company.
    * **User Testimonials and Feedback.** We often receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services.  We occasionally publish such content.  When we publish this content, we may identify our users by their first and last name and may also indicate their home city.  We obtain the user’s consent prior to posting his or her name along with the testimonial.  We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time.  We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only.  If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback.  If you make any comments on a blog or forum associated with our Site, you should be aware that any Personal Data you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs and forums.
    * **Creation of Anonymous Data.** We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation.  We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data and aggregated and other de-identified information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.


  7. **Disclosure of Your Personal Data.** We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. 
    * **Third Party Service Providers.** We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to:  provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to the Company.  These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Company.
    * **Affiliates**. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
    * **Corporate Restructuring.** We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.  In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
    * **Social Networking Sites.** Some of our Applications and Services may enable you to post content to SNSs (e.g., Facebook or Twitter).  If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections.  You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs.  We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
    * **Disclosure to Third Party Companies.** We may enter into agreements with companies that provide our Services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our website ( **“Third Party Companies”** ). A Third Party Company may want access to Personal Data that we collect from its customers.  As a result, we may disclose your Personal Data to a Third Party Company; however, we will not disclose your Personal Data to any Third Party Company for the Third Party Company’s own direct marketing purposes, unless you have “opted-in” by following the instructions we provide to allow such disclosure.  If you have opted-in to receive e-mail communications from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences.  The privacy policies of these Third Party Companies may apply to the use and disclosure of your Personal Data that we collect and disclose to such Third Party Companies.  Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies.
    * **Other Disclosures**. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Company may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
  8. **Third Party Websites.** Our Site may contain links to third party websites.  When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you.  We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content.  Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such outside websites.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit.  The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
  9. **Your Choices Regarding Your** You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services: 
    * **Email Communications.** We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services.  When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information at Section 1 above). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
    * If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided above.
    * **De-Linking SNS.** If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) linked to your Account, then you may de-link the SNS account in the “preferences” section in your account settings.  You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Data with us when you connect with us through an SNS, such as through Facebook Connect.  Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account or mobile device.
    * **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.** You may change any of your Personal Data in your Account by sending an e-mail to us at privacyofficer@villagevoice.com. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
    * You can stop all collection of information by the Application(s) by uninstalling the Application(s).  You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. To serve ads in our Application(s) where Cookie technology is not available, the Company may hash users’ device ID.  Users may choose to reset or opt out of anonymous IDs at any time.  If users choose to opt out, ads delivered to the Application(s) by ad serving technology will not be served on an anonymous ID.  You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by managing your location preferences on your device.
  10. **Changes to This Privacy Policy.** This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.  We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy [here](http://www.villagevoice.com/about/privacy-policy/) and we will change the “Last Updated” date above.  You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.


