> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drugs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191214215921id_/https%3A//www.drugs.com/support/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Drugs.com

Effective date: November 13th, 2019

Drugsite Trust ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.drugs.com website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=d18cba4a-afc4-4863-af81-8262bb120271)

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>

[Click here](https://web.archive.org/support/privacy-apps.html) for Our Mobile Application Privacy Policy.

## Definitions

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

### Sensitive Personal Data

Sensitive Personal Data means information consisting of racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health ("Health Data"), or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.

### Usage Data

Usage Data means data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

### Data Controller

Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

### Data Processor (or Service Providers)

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

### Data Subject

Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

### User

The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

## Information Collection And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address
  * First name and last name
  * Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
  * Cookies and Usage Data



We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information only if you have opted-in. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

In order to use some areas of this web site, you must first complete the registration form. During registration you are required to provide information such as your name, age, email address, preferred username, password and preferred subscriptions. You should be aware that your chosen username will be publicly visible on the Drugs.com web site.

To store a medication list, you will need to create a Drugs.com account. You control who can access or edit your medication list. Your account will not be accessible to anyone except for authorized web site support staff.

If you choose to create a public profile and add Personal Data about yourself (or any other person), this information will be publicly accessible. If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, you can contact us via our contact details at the bottom of this page.

If you choose to participate in any community oriented parts of our web site, such as a forum, blog, chatroom, Q&A, reviews or comments, you should be aware that any Personal Data you choose to submit is public and can be read, collected, used by others and may appear in search engines. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us us via our contact details at the bottom of this page. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

#### Sensitive Personal Data

To the extent that information we collect is health data or another special category of personal data subject to GDPR, we ask for your explicit consent to process the data. You can use our [contact page](https://web.archive.org/support/contact-form.html?topic=privacy) to withdraw your consent at any time.

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, search terms, page content, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

Drugsite Trust and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  * **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  * **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
  * **Advertising Cookies.** Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.



## Use of Data

Drugsite Trust uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To analyse information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information



#### Third Party Data Sharing

We do not share Personal Data, Sensitive Personal Data, Usage Data or Tracking & Cookies Data with any third party partner **except** for the purpose of contextualizing and personalizing advertisements, collecting and reporting aggregate drug usage statistics, analysing website traffic and user behavior, or when required by law enforcement investigation (such as to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or subpoena).

## Retention of Data

Drugsite Trust will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Drugsite Trust will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the United States of America and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States of America and/or New Zealand and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Drugsite Trust will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Drugsite Trust may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

### Legal Requirements

Drugsite Trust may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of Drugsite Trust
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



## Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## "Do Not Track" Signals

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Rights

Drugsite Trust aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us via our contact details at the bottom of this page to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us via our contact details at the bottom of this page.

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

  * To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
  * To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
  * To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you



You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Drugsite Trust. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

  * **Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: [https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)




### Third Party Advertising

We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.

  * **Interest Based Advertising**

Third Party Advertising Networks may use cookies to serve ads on our Service.

Third Party Advertising Networks may utilize page content or search phrases to improve the relevancy of interest-based advertising.

You may opt out of the use of interest-based advertising by visiting the following web pages: <https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/> and [https://preferences-mgr.truste.com](https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/?affiliateId=33)




## Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by visiting this page on our website: <https://www.drugs.com/support/contact.html> or at the address below

> Drugsite Trust  
> 25 Apollo Drive, suite A  
> Auckland 0632  
> New Zealand
> 
> Phone (US): +1 866 791 1466  
> By e-mail: 

Reviewed: November 13th, 2019

Historical changes can be [viewed here](https://web.archive.org/support/privacy-history.html).
