> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drugstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090612230805id_/http%3A//www.drugstore.com/category.asp%3Fcatid%3D148674) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Buy drugstore online

**truste licensee**

[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.drugstore.com&sealid=101)www.drugstore.com is a licensee of the truste privacy program. truste is an independent organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. this statement discloses the privacy practices for www.drugstore.com, including the beauty.com™ web store. because www.drugstore.com wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by truste. when you visit a web site displaying the truste trustmark, you can expect to be notified of the following: what personally identifiable information of yours is collected; what organization is collecting the information; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company's control; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. when linking to the beauty.com™ web store from [www.drugstore.com](http://www.drugstore.com/?atrx=dps-16&atrxp1=148677&atrxp2=1&atrxp3=http%3a%2f%2fwww%2edrugstore%2ecom&atrxp4=148674), although it may look like you have been taken to a third party site, you are still on the drugstore.com™ domain. all personal information collected on these pages is owned and controlled by drugstore.com, inc.

questions regarding this privacy policy should be directed to [privacy@drugstore.com](mailto:privacy@drugstore.com). if we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact truste (<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>).

 **information we collect**  
we recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. we use the information that we collect on our web sites to provide you with a superior shopping experience and to communicate with you about products, services, and promotions.

 **your account**  
when you place an order, we will ask you to set up "your account," which includes your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date, as well as certain other information when you order prescriptions. using your account information, we will send you communications that we believe are relevant to you, including emedalert™, prescription refill and renewal reminders, newsletters and e-mails. if you prefer not to receive optional e-mails or other communications from us, you may adjust your account to prevent such communications by clicking on "subscriptions" within "your account." if you would like to review or revise the information we have in your account, you may access such information by clicking on the "your account" link on any screen. in addition, if you would like to receive promotions and updates from us pertaining to your prescription history or revoke your current authorization, you may adjust those setting by clicking on “hipaa information” with in “your account.”

if you would like to review or revise the information we have in your account, you may access such information by clicking on the "your account" link below or on any screen of our site.

[http://www.drugstore.com/user/modify_account.asp](http://www.drugstore.com/user/modify_account.asp?atrx=dps-16&atrxp1=148677&atrxp2=4&atrxp3=http%3a%2f%2fwww%2edrugstore%2ecom%2fuser%2fmodify%5faccount%2easp&atrxp4=148674)

 **customer reviews**  
we are pleased to hear from our customers and welcome your comments regarding our products. customer reviews are placed on our website to allow other customers to see what you think about a product. these reviews may contain personally identifiable information, such as the your name, should you choose to use your first and last name. in the event the review contains personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent to use your information and review prior to posting the testimonial on our website. we also allow you the option of sharing your review anonymously by selecting "anonymous" when submitting your review.

 **your prescription information**  
to fill your prescription drug order, we collect the following additional information: your date of birth, gender, drug allergies, medical conditions, illnesses, and current medications. if you plan to use insurance and you can't find the member or group number, we ask that you provide your social security number. your social security number may be used for purposes of seeking reimbursement from insurance companies or in some instances to comply with state or federal law.

 **information automatically collected**  
we automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our web stores. for example, like many web sites, we use "cookies" and web beacons (described below) and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our web sites. this information includes the internet protocol (ip) address of your computer, your browser software and operating system, your web server, the date and time you access our site, session information (such as download errors and page response times), information about your viewing, search and purchase history and information about the referring url and the url clickstream to, through, and from our web sites. we use this information to monitor the usage and performance of our site, to enhance our customers' search and shopping experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.

 **information from third parties**  
if we receive updated account information from third parties, we may revise your account for you so that we can efficiently process your orders, deliver your packages or otherwise communicate with you. for example, we may receive customer information from our shippers or from third parties with which we operate co-branded businesses (such as caremark). in addition, we may acquire customer names, e-mail addresses and mailing addresses for select mailings from third parties.

 **other information you provide**  
we collect additional information that you choose to give us. for example, you provide information to us when you complete surveys or contest entry forms, add items to your list™, sign up for special discounts or coupons, communicate with us by e-mail, phone or otherwise, provide product reviews, or provide alternative delivery addresses.

 **sharing your information with third parties  
** we protect all of your information against unauthorized access or release. we share your personal and prescription information with third parties as follows:

  * gnc - because we sell and accept gnc gold cards on behalf of gnc, when you purchase a gnc gold card from the drugstore.com™ web store, we share your name, address, phone number, gender, and birth month and year with gnc. at your direction, we also share your e-mail address. when you use your gnc gold card to purchase gnc products at the drugstore.com™ web store, we share with gnc a list of the products you purchased in the gnc live well store. we do not share with gnc information about products that you purchase outside of the gnc live well store. 

  * rite aid - the drugstore.com™ pharmacy serves as the on-line pharmacy for rite aid corporation, a chain pharmacy with approximately 3,800 store locations throughout the united states. we entered into the relationship to serve as the online pharmacy for rite aid because we believe that the relationship allows us to provide better services to our customers. if you are filling an original prescription through the drugstore.com™ pharmacy for the first time, the prescription will be mailed to you. because of our relationship with rite aid, when you place your rite aid or drugstore.com™ refill prescription order at the drugstore.com™ pharmacy, you may choose to have the prescription mailed to you or available for pickup at a rite aid store convenient to you. from time to time it may be more efficient for the drugstore.com™ pharmacy to fill a prescription ordered on our web site through rite aid's central pharmacy (e.g., to meet short-term shortages of drug product availability, or to allow insurance coverage). if you have chosen to pick up your prescription at a rite aid store or your prescription is being filled through rite aid's central pharmacy, drugstore.com, inc. and rite aid will share patient information necessary to allow each to meet its obligations in dispensing medications and related information. this exchange is solely for purposes of professional pharmacy practice and administration. rite aid is bound by the same confidentiality standards as drugstore.com, inc., and will not release patient information to others. 

  * flexible spending account (fsa) purchases – when you make a purchase from the drugstore.com™ web store of fsa-reimbursable items that will be automatically deducted from your fsa account (i.e., if you use your fsa-approved credit or debit card to make the purchase or if we have an arrangement with your fsa administrator to provide electronic substantiation on your behalf), we share with your fsa administrator a list of the fsa-eligible products you purchased, together with such account, transaction and payment information as may be requested by your fsa administrator for the purpose of substantiating and tracking your purchase. we do not share with your fsa administrator information about non-fsa items you purchase. 

  * brand manufacturers - we may develop programs with some of our brand manufacturers through which you may be offered special discounts or coupons on products in exchange for providing your e-mail address or completing a survey about the manufacturer's products. when you are offered such discounts or coupons in exchange for providing information (for example, giving your e-mail address or completing a survey), you will be notified that if you choose to participate, your name, e-mail address and responses will be shared with the brand manufacturer. no other information will be shared. 

  * agents - we may enter into agreements with other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf. these functions may include analyzing data; providing marketing assistance; processing credit card or debit card payments; and fulfilling and delivering orders. additionally, some companies or individuals send promotional e-mails on our behalf to such companies' customers or serve advertisements on our behalf, a function called “targeted personalized advertising.”  however, if you desire not to have your personal information used to deliver targeted personalized advertising, you may opt-out of some companies’ personalized advertising services by visiting <http://www.networkadvertising.org/index.asp>. the companies and individuals with which we work have access only to information necessary to perform their functions. they are not allowed to use the information for any other purpose and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information. we may share non-personal, summary, or aggregate customer data with partners and other third parties. 

  * business transfers - we may buy or sell stores or assets. in such transactions, customer information is usually treated as one of the transferred business assets. should drugstore.com, inc., or beauty.com, inc., or substantially all of either of their assets be sold, customer information will be one of the transferred business assets. in that event, we will post a notification on this page or send you an e-mail so that you are always aware of how your information is being used. 

  * compliance with law; protection of rights, property or safety - we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, and/or legal process served on us; and/or to protect our rights and the rights of our customers; or to enforce or apply our terms of use or other policies or user agreements. 

  * as you direct - if you direct, we will release prescription or other personally identifiable information to your authorized representative, a prescribing or other authorized practitioner caring for you, specified marketing partners, or such other person as you may direct. at the direction of the customer and to the extent specifically authorized by law, we will release such information to other persons, including rite aid (see above for details) and insurance plans or specified marketing partners. for example, at your request we will automatically forward your prescription information to your insurance plan so that the drugstore.com™ pharmacy can directly handle reimbursement of your prescription purchase on your behalf. 

from time to time, we may partner with certain companies who, in conjunction with their membership programs or rewards programs, require that we disclose purchasing or other personal information about their members who visit our web store (for example, to earn points for purchases made on our site through links from the partner site). we will disclose only the information required to make these programs work for you and support your membership in them. in addition, we disclose this information to such companies only if you have consented first, including consent implied by your agreement to the membership or participation rules. if you do not want us to disclose that information to the strategic partner, then you must contact the partner directly.




 **other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.**

 **security**  
when you place an order online or use the drugstore.com™ pharmacy, your personal information and credit card or debit card information are encrypted using ssl encryption technology before being sent over the internet, we use ssl technology to prevent your information from being stolen or intercepted while being transferred to us and once we have received it. your credit card information is always stored in encrypted form in a restricted-access database that is away from our web site database so it is not connected to the internet, to keep it safe from hackers. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or electronic storage is 100% secure. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

questions about the security of our website should be directed to [privacy@drugstore.com](mailto:privacy@drugstore.com).

 **cookies**  
to personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience, we use a feature on your internet browser called a cookie. cookies are small files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive. although we do not store personal information in cookies, we do tie cookies to customer member id which is then used to pull personal information out of the database for identification purposes. cookies also let us know how you found us (e.g., through a particular web site or advertisement). cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server. this information can be accessed only when you enter your name and password. if you choose to configure your browser to remove or reject our cookies, you will not be able to make purchases from our web stores or take advantage of many of our features, such as your list™.

 **web beacons**  
from time to time we contract with third party companies to help us better provide relevant products, services and information to you and to help us effectively measure advertising effectiveness. some of these companies use cookies and/or web beacons (also known as action tags or single pixel gifs). a web beacon is a transparent image that has been placed on a web page and sends a signal when a user has visited that page. a web beacon does not contain any personal information. no information that is personally identifiable to you is transmitted to the third party using the web beacon. the third party is required to protect the privacy of the information it receives using web beacons or cookies and is not allowed to use the information it receives for any purpose beyond what is necessary to assist us. in addition, we may use web beacons in connection with the e-mails we send to our customers, to determine whether and when the images in our e-mail were rendered (which allows us to determine whether the e-mail was opened). this information may then be aggregated and used to assess the effectiveness of our e-mail communications.

 **unsolicited e-mail (spam)**  
your privacy is very important to us. be assured that, in accordance with this privacy policy, we do not sell or distribute our customer list to third parties. you should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes "harvest" your e-mail address directly from your computer or another person's address book or even obtain your e-mail address through programs that automatically search web pages and e-mail traffic for e-mail addresses. if you opt out of receiving e-mail advertisements from drugstore.com, we may share that information with third parties in order to instruct them not to send advertisements on our behalf to you. if drugstore.com shares opt out information with a third party, we will direct such third party to use this information solely for the purpose of eliminating potential recipients from any e-mails they send out on our behalf.

please note that all e-mail that originates from us will either display the drugstore.com™ or beauty.com™ logo (html e-mails) or contain the drugstore.com, inc. or beauty.com, inc. copyright notice (text emails). in addition, our e-mails will contain our corporate address in bellevue, washington. if you receive an unsolicited e-mail that you believe is connected with us in any way, please forward the e-mail (as an enclosure) to [abuse@drugstore.com](mailto:abuse@drugstore.com) and we will investigate.

 **children**  
we do not sell products for purchase by children. we sell children's products for purchase by adults. if you are under 18, you may use our web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

 **linked web sites**  
our web stores may contain links to and from other sites operated and maintained by separate companies. we have no responsibility for linked web sites (including the web sites of participants in our associate program) and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our policy, so you should always review the privacy statement of each linked web site you visit.

 **tell-a-friend**  
if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and e-mail address. we will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail inviting him or her to visit the site. www.drugstore.com does not store this information.

 **your consent**  
by using our web site (including through our customer service line), you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. we reserve the right to modify or amend this policy at any time. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our homepage so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. unless we clearly state otherwise, the changes to our privacy policy will affect only the information we collect after the effective date of the change.

 **your comments**  
we welcome your feedback. if you have questions or comments about our privacy policies, feel free to drop us an e-mail at [privacy@drugstore.com](mailto:privacy@drugstore.com) or write us:

drugstore.com, inc.   
privacy officer   
411 108th avenue ne, suite 1400   
bellevue, wa 98004

last updated: 11/18/08

copyright © 2008 drugstore.com, inc. all rights reserved.   
[terms of use](http://drugstore.custhelp.com/cgi-bin/drugstore.cfg/php/enduser/std_adp.php?p_faqid=512)
