> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the druryhotels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140704223320id_/https%3A//wwwc.druryhotels.com/content/privacyterms.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Drury Hotels

**_1\. Introduction_**   
Drury Hotels Company, LLC ("Drury") understands that visitors to our web site ("Site") may have questions about how this Site collects and uses information. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to inform you of the privacy principles that govern DruryHotels.com.

**_2\. Consent to this Privacy Policy_**  
Your use of the Site signifies your consent, as well as the consent of the business or company that you use to access our web site and whose information you submit, to this Privacy Policy, including, but not limited to, the collection and use of the information collected by us, as described in this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Site also represents both you and your company’s agreement to the Terms of Use for the Site that can be accessed through the link "Terms of Use".

**_3\. Types of Personal Information Drury Collects_**  
When we need to collect personal information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to make a reservation at one of our hotels, we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card type, credit card number, expiration date and room preference (non-smoking room or no preference) to process your reservation. We will use your email address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help to process the reservation. The same type of information would be requested to complete a gift certificate transaction.

We may also ask you to fill out an online customer survey, to obtain your suggestions or comments about your use of Drury hotel services, or for similar purposes. Providing this information is voluntary and is used only for the purpose for which the information was collected and is not used for direct marketing or shared with other companies. When you make a reservation online, the information may be transferred to a third party processing agent that has agreed not to disclose or use such information (except as consistent with this Privacy Statement).

Creating a personal profile makes it more convenient for you to make reservations by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter personal information. It will allow us to inform you about products and special offers that may be of interest to you. In addition, if you elect, you can include credit card information in your profile. Your credit card information can be used for subsequent reservations to increase reservation speed and eliminate the need for you to repeatedly enter your credit card information.

**_4\. Drury’s Use of Personal Information_**  
We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information. Your personal information is, accordingly, subject to Drury's security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. Since laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our hotels or other business operations may implement additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information is processed and stored in the United States, whose data protection laws are not as comprehensive as in the European Union. Accessing this Site by you, or placement of a reservation with us, constitutes consent for the transfer of information to the United States for storage and processing by Drury, its affiliates and their respective contractors.

The personal information you provide to us for making a reservation is made available to the applicable hotel for the purpose of meeting your reservation request. If you cancel your reservation, the information is stored for record keeping purposes only and is not accessed again unless disclosed pursuant to Section 5(a) below. After completing your stay at one of our hotels, the information you provide may be used by us for direct marketing of a Drury hotel, other Drury hotel products or business partner products. Drury may use the services of a third party mail house for the sole purpose of mailing materials. These mail houses are subject to confidentiality and nonuse obligations.

**_5\. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties_**  
Drury may, without your permission, assign, disclose or transfer your personally identifiable information (a) if we are compelled to do so by a court or law or requested to do so by a governmental entity, or if we determine it is necessary or desirable to comply with the law or to protect our rights or property, (b) if we in good faith believe that such action is permitted by law, or (c) to an entity that acquires substantially all of Drury’s stock, assets or business.

**_6\. Accessing, Changing and Deactivating Your Personal Profile_**  
You can access and review, update or deactivate your personal profile information at any time. If you deactivate your personal profile and are a Drury Gold Key Club® ("Gold Key") member, all information not already required and stored as a condition of membership will be deleted. If you are not a Gold Key member and deactivate your personal profile all information you submitted to create the profile will be deleted.

**_7\. You Can Browse without Revealing Your Identity_**  
At your sole choice, you can create a personal profile containing information such as your preferred Drury Hotels' hotel brands, frequently visited cities, interests (e.g., golf, tennis), whether you travel for business and/or pleasure. Creating a personal profile makes it more convenient for you to make reservations by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter personal information. It will allow us to inform you about products and special offers that may be of interest to you. In addition, if you elect, you can include credit card information in your profile. Your credit card information will be used for subsequent reservations to increase reservation speed and eliminate the need for you to repeatedly enter your credit card information.

**_8\. Internet Protocol (IP) Address_**  
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When users request a page from the Site, our servers may log the user's current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. Drury does not link IP addresses to any personal information about you.

**_9\. Cookies_**  
Our web site uses "cookies" or other technologies to allow us to evaluate and improve the functionality of our web site, to help us deliver content specific to your interests, to process your reservations or requests and/or to analyze your visiting patterns. "Cookies" are encrypted strings of text that a web site stores on a user's computer, cannot be used to reveal your identity and do not corrupt or damage your computer or computer files. Cookies identify your browser, but not you, to our servers when you visit our web site. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can block them by adjusting the settings on your Internet browser. If you block them, however, you will not be able to use all of the features of our web site, including the features associated with creating a user profile or making an online reservation. You can find more information about cookies and how they work at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

**_10\. Do Not Track_**  
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" or similar signals requesting that a web site not track your activities while using the web site. This web site is not currently equipped to respond to or honor such requests. However, any tracking of activities on this web site involving your personal information will be consistent with this Privacy Policy. Drury reserves the right to update how we respond to "Do Not Track" signals in the future. Any such updates will be reflected in this Privacy Policy.

**_11\. Google Analytics_**  
We use Google Analytics to collect data about traffic to our web site, to deliver advertisements when you visit other web sites, and to share data about traffic to our web site with Google and other Google Analytics program participants.  Additional information about how Google Analytics collects and shares data when you visit this web site is available at <http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html>.  You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

**_12\. Email_**  
It is our intention to only send you email communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you create a personal profile or make a reservation on DruryHotels.com or make a reservation via telephone and provide your email address, we will occasionally contact you via email and provide information about products and offerings that may be of interest to you. These communications will typically relate to special Drury hotel offers and promotions and/or the promotions of our travel partners. Strictly safe and private - we will not share or sell your email address to third parties except as provided by paragraph 5. If you would prefer not to receive such emails you may indicate so in your profile. In addition to your choice to opt-out of emails in your personal profile, you are provided the opportunity to opt-out of future emails in each and every email message you receive from us.

We may use a third-party email service provider to send emails. This service provider is prohibited from using your email address for any purpose other than to send a Drury related email. Emails you receive do contain pixel tags that help us to send the email in a format you can read, to allow us to track the aggregate number of emails read and to measure in aggregate if any of the links in the email were accessed. No other information is collected or used from pixel tags.

**_13\. Special Offers_**  
Gold Key members and customers who are not Gold Key members, but who have provided their email address to us, will occasionally receive emails relating to products, services, special deals and a newsletter.  You are given the opportunity to opt-out of future emails in each and every email message you receive from us.

**_14\. Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information_**   
When we ask you for personal data when making a reservation or purchasing a gift certificate, including your name, address and credit card data, it is transferred over a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a browser, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Apple Safari, or Mozilla Firefox, that supports SSL, and provided that SSL is activated on your browser. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on druryhotels.com, because of the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from DruryHotels.com, will be free from unauthorized access. Accordingly, and as set forth in our [Terms & Conditions of Site Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20140704223320id_/https%3A//wwwc.druryhotels.com/content/termsofservice.aspx), we disclaim any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications. By using the DruryHotels.com Web site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.

**_15\. Links to Other Sites_**  
If you choose to leave this Site via links to other non-Drury sites, including those of advertisers, Drury is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites, nor is Drury responsible for the cookies those sites use.

**_16\. DruryHotels.com Privacy Statement Changes_**  
In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for DruryHotels.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.

**How to Contact Us:**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or privacy concerns, please send an email to [drury@druryhotels.com](mailto:drury@druryhotels.com).
