> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gplclub.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150321223244id_/https%3A//gplclub.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | GPLclub

**Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy**

This website uses Google Analytics to help Analyse how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ us of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for gplclub.org.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.

User’s Personal Information: Visitors to our website may be able to register to use our services, make a purchase, join a community or upload/download information. When you register, you will provide personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number and other relevant information. If you are making a purchase, we will request financial information including your credit card number, expiration date, and security code. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for your purchase. This information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary, including: To fulfil your requests, to protect ourselves from liability, to comply with the terms and conditions of our internet host provider.

**3rd Party Policies**  
Related services and offerings linked to or from this website have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Since we do not have control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend you review their policies before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with them.
