> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whatrunswhere.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130722192313id_/http%3A//www.whatrunswhere.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Untitled Document

**Privacy Policy**  
This website (the “Site”) is owned by and operated by Data Driven Marketing, Inc. (“us,” “we,” or “Company”). We created this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how we use the information we collect on the Site. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.  
**Information We Collect**  
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: 1) IP addresses; 2) domain servers; 3) types of computers accessing the Site; and 4) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for improving your experience on the Site. We also use “cookies” to customize content specific to your interests.  
WhatRunsWhere.com enables registered users to conduct competitive analysis of online marketing campaigns. We require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: 1) Contact Data (such as your name and contact information); 2) Financial Data (such as the credit/debit account information for the account you want to establish for billing purposes); and Transaction Data (such as a purchase information and payment information). If you communicate with us, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.  
**Our Use of Collected Information**  
We use Personal Information so that you can use our Site; to communicate with you about the Site, and to customize and tailor your experience on our Site.   
We do not sell, license, transfer, and/or share the billing information we collect from you, other than for payment purposes. We use an unaffiliated, payment processing company to process your payments. We transfer your payment information—and you authorize us to do so—to this company solely for this purpose. The company does not retain, share, store, or use your personally identifiable information for any other purposes. We use the Transaction Data we collect to ensure that your account payment is current. We also collect and analyze non-personally identifiable Transaction Data and the associated IP address to help us improve the Site.  
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you will not be able to access and use our Site.   
**Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information**  
We may also (and you authorize us to) disclose your personal information to: a) comply with a court order or other legal process or inquiry; b) protect our rights or property; or c) enforce our Terms of Use. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by unauthorized third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.  
We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may review and update your personal profile by logging into your account on the Site.   
The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.   
This Site is directed at adults and not to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly distribute such information. We do not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through our website. Similarly, because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we do not condition the participation of a child under 13 in activities on providing personally identifiable information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from someone under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  
We have implemented a number of security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse, or modification of information we've collected from you. Your personal information is transmitted to and stored on servers that we have taken steps to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. We do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You acknowledge and assume this risk.  
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. If we make material changes to the manner in which we handle your personal information, we will notify you in advance of the new policy taking effect so that you have an opportunity to review and consent to the new terms.  
This site is owned and operated by Data Driven Marketing, Inc., 2768 Carlsbad Boulevard, #100, Carlsbad, CA 92008.  
Effective Date: 1/18/2011
