> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whatsupcams.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161125231832id_/http%3A//www.whatsupcams.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# What's Up Cams - Privacy Policy

**Last modified: July 14, 2014.**

This privacy policy sets out how we deal with any personal data we collect from you while you are using our website or we are providing or discussing our services with you. It applies to S3MEA d.o.o., Mednarodni prehod 6, SI-5290 Šempeter pri Gorici, Slovenia. 

S3MEA d.o.o. understands that privacy is important. The purpose of this Policy is to govern our use of information we may learn about you when you visit our web site, our services or our video streaming embedded widgets, What's Up Cams \- hereinafter as »Site«, »Services« or »WUC«. Throughout this Policy, »WUC« and »We« refers to www.whatsupcams.com and its affiliates. »You« or »Users« refers to you, our users . everyone who uses, subscribes to, publishes through, joins, or visits WUC. The »WUC Service« refers to the applications, platform, web site and services controlled, operated or produced by WUC. In addition to our Policy, the Site is subject to the Terms of Use which governs in any conflict with this Policy. We may change this Policy at any time by notifying you of a new effective date. 

By using the WUC Service, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this notice. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the WUC Terms of Use. Your use of the WUC Service and any personal information you provide through the WUC are subject at all times to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. 

### THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:

There are instances where WUC asks for personal information, such as name and email address, to authenticate users (WUC advanced member services only) and to send notifications to those users relating to WUC. We do this when you submit a inquiry form to WUC, sign up for WUC's advanced services, post an image to Facebook or Twitter or whenever you enter a WUC sweepstakes or other WUC promotions. The user's contact information is used to allow the user to utilize WUC features, contact the user when necessary and advise them about new services and/or products. The user's Facebook and Twitter account information will only be utilized to post an image or video to the user's account as requested by the user. If WUC intends to disclose personal information in some restricted situation, this is specifically explained to you when we collect the information in the rules of sweepstakes or other promotions. 

WUC uses the information that you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the WUC Service as well as to track user-generated content and Users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the applicable laws. We may use your email address without further consent, for administrative communications such as notifying you of major WUC Service updates, for customer service purposes, and to send privacy or security related notices. WUC uses all of the information that we collect to understand the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the way the WUC Service works and looks, to create new features and functionality. 

“Automatically Collected“ Information: When you access the WUC Service (including through your computer or your mobile device) or open one of our HTML emails, we may automatically record certain information from your system by using different types of tracking technology. This “automatically collected“ information may include Internet Protocol address (»IP Address«), a unique user ID, version of software installed, system type, the content and pages that you access on the WUC service, and the dates and times that you visit the WUC Service. Unique identifiers are collected for use as account numbers in our record system. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the user's experience at our site and in displaying the content according to their preferences. WUC shares information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. We refer to our users as an entirety, not as individuals. For example, we will compare WUC's audience of females vs. males with the use of variables such as x and y. 

**Cookies:** Our Site may place a »cookie« in the browser files of your computer. This cookie does not collect information that personally identifies you as an individual (other than your Internet protocol address), but merely allows us to recognize your repeated visits to our Site. We use our cookie collected information to make your visit to our Site more enjoyable and allow user access until you logout. If you want to disable cookies, there is a simple procedure in most Internet browsers that allows you to turn off or delete cookies, but please remember that cookies may be required to allow you to use certain features of our Site. WUC also uses cookies to keep track of your custom created WUC account and it's data. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. WUC also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, WUC cookie information and the page you requested. We use your IP address to help identify you, generate our statistic logs and to count the traffic statistics for our site. 

“Pixel Tags“ or “Clear Gifs“ A pixel tag, also known as a clear GIF or web beacon, is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of our WUC Service but not on your computer. When you access these pages, pixel tags generate a generic notice of that visit. They usually work in conjunction with cookies, registering when a particular computer visits a particular page. If you turn off cookies the pixel tag will simply detect an anonymous website visit. 

**Third Party Advertising:** Ads appearing on this website may be delivered to users by WUC or one of our advertising partners (http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/). Our advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by WUC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Links:** Our Site or Services may contain links to other websites. We do not control these other websites, and you should consult those other web sites' privacy policies regarding their use of your information. Our Site or Services may also contain advertising. When you click on an advertisement, the advertiser may be able to collect information on you and any additional information you provide. We do not control these advertisers' collection and use of this information. WUC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. You are responsible for voluntarily disclosing personal information online through email, chat areas, message boards, etc. This information is accessible to the public and can be collected and used by others. Keep in mind that when you visit a site, it may be collecting information about you without your knowledge. You should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Remember to be responsible and safe when online. 

**Reporting a Violation:** WUC provides users with the ability to report a violation they find on WUC by filling out and submitting the WUC Contact Us Form (http://www.whatsupcams.com/en/contact-us). 

**Security:** WUC advanced member accounts are secured by member-created passwords. WUC takes precautions to insure that advanced member account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of advanced member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. 

**Sharing and Disclosure of Information:** Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, WUC will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by WUC, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the WUC Terms of Use or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. WUC reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of WUC or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. 

### OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY:

WUC uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to WUC, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, WUC makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. 

If WUC learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. WUC may post a notice on the WUC Service if a security breach occurs. 

### ADVERTISERS:

WUC allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the WUC Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements that appear within the WUC Service and they automatically receive your IP Address and other log file information when this happens. Such third-party ad servers may also use other technologies (such as cookies, javascript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize their advertising content. 

WUC does not provide your personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks WUC to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience that they were trying to reach. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. WUC reserves the right the add or remove third-party ad networks or ad servers in its discretion and WUC may not at all times list such updated ad network or ad server partners in this Privacy Policy. 

### CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY:

This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by the »last updated« date found at the top of this page. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received that personal information. Your continued use of the WUC Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions. 

For revisions to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent before implementing revisions with respect to such information. 

### IN THE EVENT OF MERGER OR SALE:

In the event that WUC is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of that merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. 

### WUC CONTACT INFORMATION:

Please contact WUC with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices at: S3MEA, Mednarodni prehod 6, SI-5290 Šempeter pri Gorici, Slovenia ; or by email info@whatsupcams.com . We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt. 
