> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fwix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090319003153id_/http%3A//fwix.com/about.php%3Fpage%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fwix · Privacy

**Last Revised: January 19, 2009**

This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Fwix, Inc. (“Fwix”, “we” or “us”) with respect to your use of the Web site located at www.fwix.com (the “Site”) and the services offered on or through the Site (the "Fwix Service") so you can make an informed decision about using the Site and the Fwix Service. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. 

### What is personal information?

As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, or credit card or other account number); information about that individual's location or activities, such as information about his or her use of the Site, when directly linked to personally identifiable information; and demographic information such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Site or about a group or category of products, services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information. 

### What personal information do we collect?

Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site or use the Fwix Service. We may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information. For example, we may collect your name, user name, address, location, email address, telephone number, and other contact and demographic information when you register and set up an account, apply for a job, fill out a form, submit a comment, or contact us by e-mail or other means. Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection creating a profile or group, leaving comments, posting content, sending an email or message to another user or participating in any interactive forums or features on the Site: In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, games, promotional offers, and other activities on the Site. 

When you use the Site and the Fwix Service, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and your activity on the Site. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. Fwix may automatically collect location information from your mobile device or your mobile carrier. This may be collected even when the application is not actively open and running on our mobile device. 

We may automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies" or web beacons. Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history. If we link cookies to any personally identifying information, we will treat this information as personal information. Web beacons (also know as clear gifs) are small, invisible graphic images that may be used on the Site or in emails relating to the Site to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Site. 

We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Site. These third parties may place cookies, web beacons or other devices on your computer to collect nonpersonal information, and information provided by these devices may be used, among other things, to analyze data, to determine the popularity of certain content, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or web beacons in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. 

If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions. However, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, some portions of the Site may not function properly. 

###  How do we use the personal information we collect? 

In general, we use personal information we collect to provide the Fwix Service, to process your requests or transactions; to provide you with information, products or services you request; to inform you about other information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest to you; to facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Site and the Fwix Service; and for the purpose for which the information was provided. For example, we may use the information we collect: 

> to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Site, to provide other services, products or information you request and to complete any transactions in connection therewith; 

> to respond to your emails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints; 

> to request feedback and to enable us to develop, customize and improve the Site and our publications, products and services; 

> to analyze data, trends and user preferences and to personalize and improve site content, features, ads and your experience on the site, such as providing ads, content or features to match your profile and interests; 

> to contact you about our or out third party’s services, products, activities, special events or offers, and for other internal marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes; and 

> to notify contest winners. 

Personal information provided online may be linked together or merged with other personal information so that we may better understand your needs and inform you about our products or services and those of our partners. In addition, if we receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, we may combine this information with the other personal information we maintain about you. 

###  What personal information do we share with third parties? 

We will not share the personal information we collect from you through this Site with third parties except as described in this Policy, as it may be revised from time to time. We may share personal information with vendors, consultants and other service providers (“Service Providers”) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site or the services we provide and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us. In some cases, the Service Provider may be directly collecting the information from you on our behalf. We may also share personal information with other third parties when you give us your consent to do so. We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these Service Providers or other third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregate information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent. 

We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Fwix, our users, our employees or the public, including without limitation to protect Fwix or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our Site. If you send us a notification of claimed infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, any personal information in your notification may be shared with the person or entity who you claim is infringing your copyrighted material. take-down notice under the Information about our users, including personal information, may also be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of Fwix. 

You understand that when you use the Site and the Fwix Service, information you post on the Site will be available to other users and may be publicly available. We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums. Activities you take on the Site, such as reading an article, will also be made publicly available unless you opt out of such sharing through your privacy settings. In addition, you understand that use of the Fwix Service includes the disclosure and display of your location information to other users unless you opt out of such sharing. Activity and location information may also be made available through third party service if you so designate. Your use of the Fwix Service is your consent to share such information, including activity and location information, in accordance with your privacy settings, and all such sharing is at your own risk. The great majority of our users use the Fwix Service for harmless and fun social purposes. However, we cannot guarantee that some users will not abuse or misuse the information they learn through the Site. We are not responsible for the actions of any third parties. 

Please note that the Fwix default privacy settings are set for how we believe most users want to use the Fwix Service and allows your activities and your location information to be displayed to other users. It also allows such information to be used by Fwix, including for personalizing and improving site content, features and advertising on the Site and analyzing and tracking user preferences. However, you can adjust these settings to restrict the sharing and use of your activity and/or location information if you wish by changing your settings here. 

###  What steps do we take to protect your personal information online? 

We have endeavored to put into place and maintain reasonable security measures in an effort to protect the security of your personal information while it is under our control. For example, your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our web site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. 

###  What choices do you have regarding the use of your information? 

You may "opt out" of the use and sharing of your activity and location information by changing your privacy settings which are located in your user settings. 

###  Links to other sites 

Our web site may contain links to other web sites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of web sites to which we link. Links from our web site to third parties or to other sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. 

###  How can you correct and update your personal information or obtain additional information>

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or the practices relating to this Site, or you wish to verify, correct or delete any personal information we have collected, please contact us at [privacy@fwix.com](mailto:privacy@fwix.com) and we will endeavor to respond to your inquiry or to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided us as you indicate. You may also contact us by mail at the following address: Fwix Inc., 101 Jefferson Dr., Menlo Park, CA 94025. However, please note that is some cases, we may believe it is necessary or appropriate to retain certain personal information we have collected, and the deletion of such personal information will be in our sole discretion unless otherwise required by law. 
