> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the a10.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100106175540id_/http%3A//www.a10.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kickass New Online Games at A10.com

This privacy policy (hereafter the “Privacy Policy”) is applicable to this website (www.a10.com) and to all games and other activities that are offered by us on or through this website (this website and all the webpages that are part of this website and such games and activities are hereafter collectively referred to as the “Website”). SPIL GAMES B.V. (hereafter referred to as “SPIL”), with offices at Arendstraat 23, 1223 RE, Hilversum, the Netherlands, is the responsible party as referred to in the Dutch Personal Data Protection Act (Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens). SPIL may use affiliates’ or reputable third parties’ services for the processing of personal data collected on or through the Website. By using or accessing this Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

## 1\. About Our Website

  * 1.1 The Website is an online source of games. It offers a diverse, current, and exciting mix of games available on the Internet, from SPIL as well as games from partners of SPIL and independent developers. The visitors and players of our Website may choose to register and save games on their profile on the Website. Also, visitors of the Website will be able to rate games they do and do not like, and browse specialized categories and the homepage to find new games added daily as well as the top rated and most popular games on offer. You can play online games by browsing our game content or choosing one of our specialized categories.



## 2\. The Information We Collect

The information our Website collects contains (amongst others) the following categories:  
a) IP address, Cookies and Web Beacons 

  * 2.1 When you visit our Website, our servers automatically save your computer’s IP address. IP addresses will be collected along with information about the actual web pages that you visit on the Website. If you arrive at the Website via a link from another website, the URL of the linking website and the URL of any website that you link to next will also be collected. 
  * 2.2 In addition we store certain information from your browser using “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. SPIL may use cookies, web beacons (web bugs), or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience on the Website, including to: 
    * (a) operate and improve offerings through the Website;
    * (b) help authenticate you when you are on the Website;
    * (c) remember your preferences and registration information, as applicable;
    * (d) present and help measure and research the effectiveness of SPIL’s offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications; and
    * (e) customize the content and advertisements provided to you through the Website.
  * 2.3 SPIL may also use ad network providers to help us present advertisements on the Website. These ad network providers use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to help presenting, better targeting, and measuring the effectiveness of their advertisements, using data gathered over time and across their networks of web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. SPIL offers some services in connection with other websites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to SPIL in order to deliver these services. SPIL processes such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
  * 2.4 SPIL may also use third party payment service providers (“PSP”) offering payment transaction services to SPIL in order to sell a product or service through the Website. Whenever you buy something from the Website (e.g. a virtual game item or a subscription for a game download), the information that you provide to the PSP is subject to their privacy policies, not ours.
  * 2.5 SPIL may share demographic information (certain anonymous information about you as a user, such as user age and country) with certain ad network providers to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by such third parties as ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy. 
  * 2.6 Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can (re)set your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can opt-out of receiving cookies from certain third-party advertising networks by resetting your browser. However, some features and services may not function properly if cookies are disabled. 



b) Personal Data Including Your E-mailaddress 

  * 2.7 You may choose to register with us for better game experience and/or to create a public profile for participation in our social gaming network. This includes for example: overviews of highscores, achievements listings and individual game recommendations on the Website. When you register with us, you provide us with certain personal information, such as username, date and month of birth and your email address. The information you disclose in that respect may also become publicly accessible. We provide you with privacy settings that restrict other users from accessing your information, namely our network architecture and your privacy settings allow you to make informed choices about who has access to your information. We allow you to choose the information you provide to friends and networks through our Website. When your privacy settings permit it, other users may be able to see and supplement your profile (e.g. by posting comments). 
  * 2.8 If you decide to disclose information in a public venue or in games, we will consider that information as part of the public domain.
  
This information will be accessible to any person who uses the Website. 
  * 2.9 We only collect email addresses that were provided to us directly by you. Your email address will only be used for the following purposes:
    * (i) promotion of (new) games;
    * (ii) service e-mails (on up-dates, new design, new features of games, etc.);
    * (iii) for administrative purposes such as notification of violation of our Terms of Use. 
    * (iv) to deliver messages which you approved to receive (for example from other participants to your social network).
  * 2.10 Without your approval we will not: 
    * (a) make your emailaddress visible on the Website;
    * (b) use your email address for other purposes than those described in article 2.9 hereof;
    * (c) transfer your emailaddress or other personal information to third parties, except in those limited cases as described under 3. 



c) Combination of Personal Data

  * 2.11 For optimizing our services and the Website and for the purposes mentioned in this article 2, we are entitled to combine your personal data, including your email address as applicable, with other information about you collected by or provided to us. 



## 3\. To Whom Does SPIL Provide this Information?

  * 3.1 SPIL may provide information to any other party whose services it engages for the purposes of its normal operations, for example, those partners who assist us by providing technical or operational facilities for the Website and so forth. We may also supply information to other parties, if we are required to do so by law or a ruling handed down by a court of law. SPIL does not provide personal details to other parties for commercial, advertising or marketing purposes, except if you explicitly give us permission to do so or if this is part of a specific program or operation for which you have registered. In such case, you may withdraw your permission at any time.



## 4\. Why Do We Collect Information?

  * 4.1 We use personal details and other information to maintain the general and personified content and functionality of the Website. In addition, we use personal details to make it possible to accommodate your requests and we are able to provide you with service when using the Website and for the purposes set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.



## 5\. Access to the Information We Have Collected About You

  * 5.1 Your personal data will be stored by SPIL.
  * 5.2 Users with a personal profile on the Website may review, update or delete personal data collected by us, by clicking on “Update your info” in their personal profile. 
  * 5.3 In general, if you wish to have access to your personal data to correct or delete the information that we have collected about you, please send a written request to SPIL GAMES BV, Arendstraat 23, 1223 RE, Hilversum, The Netherlands, detailing your request and the data you have provided to us along with a copy of your passport (to prevent misuse of requests for information) or send an e-mail with all such information to info@spilgames.com. 



## 6\. Security

  * 6.1 You post personal data and any other content on the Website at your own risk and in accordance with article 7 (“Responsibilities”) of the Terms of Use. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to such personal data and other content, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that any content you post on the Website will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of personal data or content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your personal data or content.
  * 6.2 We have implemented appropriate measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online. Your personal data visible at the Website (such as any public comments posted by you and/or any data in your profile) are accessible to third parties and you acknowledge and agree that such third parties are able to copy such information to their own websites or other locations.
  * 6.3 Your personal data will only be stored for a period necessary for your uses of the Website for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. 



## 7\. Miscellaneous

  * 7.1 We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy. Amendments will be effective as of the moment of publication on the Website. You should check the Website regularly for amendments.
  * 7.2 The Internet is a global environment and using the Internet necessarily involves the collection and processing of personal data on an international basis. Therefore, by using the Website, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
  * 7.3 SPIL has an internal notification system to communicate with players under the age of 13. Such underage users will be told not to submit any personal data without the consent of their parent or legal guardian. We may register personal information from such users in case we have received consent from a parent or legal guardian. We may require parents to provide us with additional documentation in order to identify themselves to prevent unauthorized disclosure of personal data.
  * 7.4 Our Website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us.
  * 7.5 In the event of a transfer of the Website to a third party, we may transfer to such third party all personal information that we collected about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In such event users who have provided email addresses to us will be notified when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
  * 7.6 We also have Terms of Use that are applicable to your use of the Website. In case of a contradiction between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy prevails.
  * 7.7 This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the Netherlands. 



If you have any additional question or requests you may send an email message to info@spilgames.com. 

Spil Games B.V. (hereafter referred to as “SPIL”), with offices at Arendstraat 23, 1223 RE, Hilversum, the Netherlands, is the responsible party as referred to in the Dutch Personal Data Protection Act (Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens). We are dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users and handling any personal information we obtain from such users with care and respect. Our Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from our users, what we do with it and the limited involvement of third parties. An overall principle is that we do not collect more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activities on our website.

Parents are recommended to discuss and explain the Privacy Policy and the Terms of use with their children that use our website.

If a child is under the age of 13 and attempts to register personal information, we will inform that child that parental consent is required. 

## Privacy Policy for Non-Members

There are many parts of our website that do not require any registration and users do not have to give any personal information. Any further details of the use of personal information can be found in our Privacy Policy.

## Security 

SPIL will use all efforts to keep the website a safe and fun place and we will constantly improve the security of the website. We will check and monitor the website to prevent and delete inappropriate language or content. However, we cannot guarantee that some information or messages will not contain content that is inappropriate. 

We advise our users to use the privacy settings in order to control their personal information. Don’t share personal information with people you don’t know. Some people on the internet use false identities and you should be cautious to provide personal information to other people on the internet. Don’t collect and display personal information from other users without their consent. If you notice anything that makes you feel uncomfortable or inappropriate on the website, please contact us immediately. Anyone that violates our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use can be expelled from the website immediately.

Please remember never to share your contact details (such as e-mail address, telephone number, home address, etc.) with persons you don’t know.

## SPIL Contact details

If you need further assistance, please send an e-mail with your questions, comments or concerns to info@spilgames.com, call nr +31 (0)35 – 64 66 300 or contact us at:

Spil Games B.V.   
Arendstraat 23   
1223 RE, Hilversum  
The Netherlands 

Fax: +31 (0)35-64 66 301  
Telnr: +31 (0)35 – 64 66 300

We would be happy to assist you. 
