> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the equityzen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180829040006id_/https%3A//equityzen.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | EquityZen

### How we use information we collect

We use the information we collect based on the Services you choose to receive. The specific purposes are described below.

**_To provide the Services and personalize your experience:  _**We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions for you, authenticate you when you log in, verify your identity, and, if you are seeking to invest, determine your eligibility for investments. We also use information you provide to validate that information, comply with legal requirements, provide customer support and communicate with you, and operate and maintain the Services.  For example, we use the banking information you provide to send you funds when they are due to you, from selling securities on the Site or when proceeds are due to you from investments made through the Site. We also use information about you to personalize your experiences using the Services. We use information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as allowing you to access the Services from multiple devices. 

**_To communicate with you about the Services:  _**We use your contact information to send communications to you (typically via email) about your transactions, including confirming the terms on which you purchase or sell securities, updating you on the status of transactions and related deadlines, responding to your questions or comments, and providing information received from the issuer or, when applicable, other parties to your transactions. If you are eligible to invest through the Site, we send you email notifications about potential investment opportunities available through the Site. We also provide tailored communications to you based actions you take on the Site. For example, if you start the investment process on the Site, we will use your contact information to remind you to come back and complete the investment process. We also send you communications about the Services as part of onboarding to help you understand and use the Services.

**_To operate the Services:  _**We share information about you as needed with our own service providers, including financial institutions, fund administrators, accountants, auditors, lawyers, payment providers, information technology staff, advisors and our affiliates. We only share information to the extent it is required to fulfill our obligations to you and to regulators, and to operate the Site and the Services.

**_For research and development:  _**We strive to make our Services better, smarter, faster, more secure and easier to use. We collect information about how people use the Services and feedback provided directly to us to identify trends and problems, usage and activity patterns, and areas for integrating and improving our Services. We may also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling out the features to all users.

**_To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services:  _**We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of interest to you, including by email and by displaying our content on other websites and applications, such as on platforms including Google or Facebook. These communications are intended to increase engagement and what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, new content, and events we think may be of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new products and services and promotions. We do not--and do not plan to--rent, sell, or share information about you with other people or with non-affiliated companies.

**_For safety and security:  _**We use information about you and your Service use to verify your identity, accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity, and to identify violations of Service policies.

**_As required by law or regulations:  _**We retain information about you that is required by US law or regulation, including those applicable to the sale of securities or operating an investment advisor or broker-dealer. In general, we are required to retain these records for at least three years, and up to six years (and in some circumstances, longer). We may keep some information longer to meet our needs and those of our customers, even after you close or deactivate your account, including for backup, archives, contract enforcement, dispute resolution. We may access and disclose information about you with US, state or international regulators where we believe doing so is required or appropriate to comply with laws, regulations or other legal processes or law enforcement requests, such as court orders or subpoenas.

**_For a merger, sale or other asset transfer:  _**If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, creation of a trust or other affiliated entity, receivership or sale of EquityZen’s assets, or other corporate transaction affecting EquityZen, your information may be shared, transferred or sold under a duty of confidentiality as part of a transaction as permitted by law aor by contract.

**_Legal bases for processing (for EEA users):  _**If you are an individual residing in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation.  The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where: 

  * We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, perform a contract with you, take necessary steps prior to performing a contract or at your request, provide customer support, and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
  * It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services, to personalize services you receive, and to protect our legal rights and interests;
  * You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
  * We need to process your data to comply with a legal requirement.



If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you may change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.  Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you may object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services. To do so, please email us at [support@equityzen.com.](mailto:support@equityzen.com)
