> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the weknowaplace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150531041945id_/https%3A//www.weknowaplace.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PrivacyPolicy

## OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY

We Know A Place is deeply committed to your right to privacy and takes your privacy seriously. We have very strict privacy policies and we strive to keep your personal and financial information secure. This Privacy Policy covers WeKnowAPlace.com’s treatment of personally identifiable information that We Know A Place collects when you are on the We Know A Place web site, and when you use We Know A Place's services. We will NEVER sell or rent your name, e-mail address or personal information to any third party except to fulfill the services you requested, unless specifically authorized by you. Only authorized employees may access your information. All employees are required to adhere to our strict privacy policies and any employee who violates the privacy policy is subject to termination and other disciplinary measures, up to being criminally prosecuted for their violation. 

**Traffic Data and Information.** WeKnowAPlace.com utilizes a number of internal and third party methods to recognize visitor data such as IP addresses and browser settings (Collectively 'Visitor Data'). We Know A Place’s internal servers and software automatically recognizes Visitor Data. No Personal Identifiable Information (as defined below) is revealed in this process. The Site may also use such Visitor Data to compile traffic data about the kind and types of visitors that use the web site at specific intervals (Collectively 'Traffic Data').

From time to time, We Know A Place may use the standard cookie feature of major browser applications and third party providers as well as employ internally developed cookies and tracking code which allows We Know A Place to store a small piece of data on a visitor's computer about the visit to the WeKnowAPlace.com web site. Personally Identifiable Information is not captured in such cookies, nor does We Know A Place use cookies to mine Personally Identifiable Information. We may use Traffic Data information to analyze our Web site Traffic but such information is not examined for Personally Identifiable Information. We may also use such Traffic Data to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and Transaction Information may also be shared with business partners, affiliates, and/or advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis. 

**Personal Information.** In order for each customer to access and utilize We Know A Place's products and services, We Know A Place requires each customer to provide us with personal information (collectively 'Personally Identifiable Information'). Personally Identifiable Information is only captured when a visitor fills out our information lead form on the website or in response to questions being asked directly by a Senior Care Advisor via e-mail or phone conversation.

Personally Identifiable Information includes, but is not limited to: (i) 'Contact Data' (such as your name, address, city, state, zip code, phone number and email address), (ii) 'Financial Data' (such as a credit card number, expiration date, and verification code), (iii) 'Demographic Data' (such as your zip code and gender), and (iv) other 'Legal Data' (such as your social security number, marital status, power of attorney status and other sensitive information sometimes necessary to generate proper information so we can best serve you and your aging loved one). This Personally Identifiable Information is necessary to generate the products and services offered by We Know A Place and our staff.

Know A Place's privacy policy does not cover actions by these third parties. 

**Use of Personal Information.** We Know A Place, sometimes with third party assistance, may use your Personally Identifiable Information to verify your identity and process your order and payment through merchant account services, to generate the products and services you create requested from our website, and to analyze our customer demographics to better serve you. Your Contact Data may be used to contact you in order to follow up with transactions initiated on the We Know A Place web site, respond to inquiries made through the Site, inform you of any changes to the Site and send you additional information about We Know A Place.

Please note that Contact Data and Traffic Data is used to gather general statistics regarding our customers and visitors respectively, in order to enhance the consumer experience on the web site. We may also use demographic data in a manner that does not identify you specifically or allow you to be contacted but does identify certain criteria about our users in general. For example, we may inform third parties about the number of registered users, number of unique visitors, and the pages most frequently browsed.

We also use Contact Data such as name, physical address and email address to provide special information and promotions regarding our products or in order to contact a customer regarding the services provided or to fill a product order.

**Opting Out.** You may choose not to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information. In this case, you may be able to visit the web site, and browse the website for educational purposes; however, we cannot help you with our services without such information.

If you do not wish to receive information and/or promotional materials from We Know A Place or from our partners, you may select the appropriate 'opt-out' at the time you create your account or may unsubscribe from our mailing list on any one of the promotions or other materials we send to you. 

**Web Site Areas Beyond We Know A Place's Control.** The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms. Please note that any Personally Identifiable Information disclosed in such areas is public and becomes public information. You should use caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

**Third Party Web Sites.** Please note We Know A Place may maintain links to other web sites. This Privacy Policy only applies to the WeKnowAPlace.com web site and not to any other web sites that you may access from WeKnowAPlace.com, each of which may have privacy policies that are materially distinct from this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit other web sites, we are not responsible for the Privacy Practices or content of those other web sites, and it is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policies at those web sites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies. 

**User Access to Order Information.** User Access to Order Information. If you contact We Know A Place, we will give you, or anyone listed as a contact for your account, information about your account. If you want someone to have access to your account, you must list them as a contact or they will not be given information. You can confirm who is listed as a contact for your account, add new contacts, or remove contacts by calling us or speaking to one of our Senior Care Advisors. For some of our products, we sometimes need to provide information about your account to other individuals named within your account, such as family members, doctors, etc. For specific information about exceptions to the standard policy of who can request information about your account as it relates to any of our products or service, please contact our customer support department at customersupport@weknowaplace.com or (888) 249-0707. We may also provide information to a third party if we receive a subpoena or otherwise to comply with the law. 

**Our Commitment To Data Security.** We strive to make certain that our servers and connections incorporate the latest encryption and security devices. To prevent unauthorized access, we have implemented physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Credit card and personal information are transmitted to us by secure servers. Documents with personal information are delivered to you via Federal Express, a similar overnight delivery service, the United States Postal Service, or e-mail.

**Lost or Stolen Data.** We Know A Place has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, destruction and alteration of the information that you provide us or we obtain from you. We will have no liability to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, destruction, or alternation.

**IF FOR ANY REASON YOU BELIEVE THAT YOUR PRIVACY HAS BEEN BREACHED THROUGH THE USE OF OUR WEB SITE, YOU MAY CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY AT (888) 249-0707.**
