> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dumbertest.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090626124536id_/http%3A//www.dumbertest.com/privacyPolicy.do) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Quiz4Now - Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy has been created in order to disclose to you, the user, the information collection, purpose and disclosure for MobileFirst, Inc. (Quiz4now) website and its affiliate sites. We take your privacy seriously. This policy is in addition to the Terms and Conditions governing the website and should be in conjunction with them.

**Collection of Personal Information**

To provide you with SMS/online Trivia services, you need to provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, address, mobile phone number(s), email address and others if necessary. You may request a change to your personal information and registration data at support@quiz4now.com. You acknowledge and agree that Quiz4now may collect and process such personal information in connection with the Service upon registration. Pursuant to Terms and Conditions, you are responsible for maintaining and updating the registration data. You are consenting to transfer your personally identifiable information to Quiz4now to contact you electronically in delivering notices related to your use of the Service and the website.

**Uses of Personal Information**

Quiz4now uses your personal information to improve the content and services, to fulfill your requests of the Services on ordering products and services, and to allow us to contact you about special offers and new products if you register and come into a transaction with Quiz4now. Your personally identifiable information may also be aggregated and used by Quiz4now for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error(s), fraud or other criminal activity, to executive administrative and internal purposes, to enforce Quiz4now Terms and Conditions, and as otherwise notified to you at the time of collection. Quiz4now may also share your personal information with other third party businesses to bring selected retail opportunities via direct mail, email and telemarketing, or to cooperate with law enforcement or other legal processes. To fulfill your requests for products and services, we may share the personally identifiable information you provided with your telecommunication operator and relevant venders and sub-contractors. This privacy policy does not cover those parties or entitles on the use of information collected. Please consult your telecommunication operator about privacy policies. This Policy applies only to Quiz4now website and its affiliate sites on personal identifiable information collected by us and it is not applicable to the links to third party websites. In case of corporate change(s), we may transfer, or disclose information collected, including personally identifiable information to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation and other corporate changes.

**Promotional Materials**

We will make use of personal identifiable information collected from you to contact you about the use and new opportunities to offer you products and services that maybe of interest to you electronically. If you register or use the Quiz4now services, you will receive Quiz4now's email newsletters and specials offers via SMS unless you have requested otherwise. You agree that Quiz4now may use the information to improve Quiz4now marketing and promotional efforts, analyze site usage and product offerings. By accepting Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you would like to stop the electronic promotional materials from us, you may read the unsubscribing instructions.

**Links to Third Party Sites**

This website may contain links to other sites where we cannot be held responsibility on their privacy policies. Visitors and users shall consult those sites about privacy notices that collect Identifiable Information.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about use of cookies on website. Cookie acts as alphanumeric identifiers transferring to your computer to enable the system to recognize your browser and to provide features. To enhance the interests and experience of using our website, we may use cookie on it. However, cookies, by themselves do not tell us your personally identifiable information only if you have chosen to provide such information to us when you register at the website. As a customer, your personally identifiable information may be linked to data stored in the cookie. Cookies enable us to track and collect users' interests to improve the content and offerings on our site. We may use cookies when we conduct campaigns, including, but not limited to voting polls, surveys, contests and registration. We will never use cookie to retrieve information from your computer that it is originally sent by us to you in a cookie.

**Data Security**

We take reasonable precautions to protect your security and have put in place certain physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security. Unfortunately, there is always a potential risk involved in the Internet communication for visitors and customers of the website in sending information through any channels and we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Quiz4now will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. The user name and password created upon registration play a critical role in your personal information security. Quiz4now will not be held responsible for any unauthorized access of illegal or unauthorized use of information or your information is accessed through unauthorized or improper use of your account or membership privileges due to your failure to secure your password. If you have any suspect in disclosure of your user name and password to authorized party, we suggest you changing your password or consult Quiz4now about this.

**Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy, in conjunction to Terms and Conditions and any additional Terms and Conditions made available to you by Quiz4now, each as amended from time to time, represent the entire understanding and agreement between you and Quiz4now regarding the subject matter of the same, and supersede all other previous agreements, understandings and/or representations regarding the same. If you have further questions, comments or concerns regarding privacy policy, or if you would like to opt-out, please contact us at support@quiz4now.com or send your information along with your email address to 29/F, One Kowloon, No.1 Wang Yuen Street, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong
