> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jbfsale.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029113731id_/http%3A//jbfsale.com/privacyPolicy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Just Between Friends

**Effective as of June 28, 2016 (the "Effective Date")**  
Your privacy is very important to us. Just Between Friends Franchise System Inc. ("JBF") has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains what information we collect about you and what we do with it and applies to all products and services offered by JBF. We want you to fully understand our privacy practices. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and we will notify you of any material changes to the Policy by posting the modified Policy at http://www.jbfsale.com and changing the Effective Date at the top. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. This Policy is incorporated into, and subject to, the terms of JBF's Terms of Use. By using or navigating JBF's website located at http://www.jbfsale.com or any product or service offered by JBF (collectively, the "Services"), you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Policy or any modified Policy as posted. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use or visit the Services.

**What information do we collect?**  
We do not collect personally identifiable information except where you specifically provide us with such information. We may collect your full name, email address, street address, telephone number, and other contact information. We generally collect this personal information on our registration and order forms when you sign up to receive products or services or to attend events through our Services.

**What do we do with the information we collect?**  
We use personal information and other demographic or profile information you provide to us to fulfill your requests, to attempt to prevent fraudulent transactions, to improve the content of our web page in order to enhance your experience, and to contact you when necessary.  
Personal information collected through Services is stored and processed in Oklahoma and by using our Services, you consent to any such transfer of information.

**Do we share the information we collect with third parties?**  
JBF may share your information with our agents, processors, or contractors in order to fulfill your requests or orders. We may also transfer information between JBF affiliates and our related companies, as well as independently owned and operated JBF Franchisees. We, our related companies, and/or our Franchisees may communicate with you regarding JBF products, events, and services.  You may opt out of these communications at any time.  We do not sell, release or authorize the use of any personally identifiable information we collect to unrelated third parties.  You should note, however, that JBF is opposed to spam mail activities and does not participate in such mailings, nor do we release or authorize the use of membership data for such purposes.  
We may use statistical analysis of aggregate information to inform advertisers of aggregate user demographics and behavior, as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. We will provide only aggregate data from these analyses to third parties. Advertisements that appear in the Services are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to you by third party advertisers, and they automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer or use other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows them to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. Third party advertisers have no access to the information you have provided to JBF unless you choose to share it with them.  
We may share information we collect with third party service providers to manage certain aspects of the services we provide, such as maintaining our servers and processing or fulfilling orders for products and services you purchase through the Services. We ensure that the third party service providers that we share your information with have privacy policies in place substantially similar to our own.  
We may also disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law, court order or other governmental authority or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to, or interfering with, the rights or property of JBF, the Services, another user, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities (e.g. for identify theft or fraud).

**How long do we retain information?**  
We retain personal information for such period of time as we feel is necessary to ensure that you have a reasonable opportunity to access the information. If you no longer consent to us retaining your personal information, you can request that it be removed by contacting us at [corporate@jbfsale.com.](mailto:Corporate@jbfsale.com.)

**Do we save any correspondence that you send to us?**  
Yes. If you send us correspondence, including emails and faxes, we may retain such information in the records of your account. We may also retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from JBF to you. We may retain these records in order to measure and improve our customer service, and to investigate potential fraud and violation of JBF's Terms of Use. We may, over time, delete these records.

**Is the information submitted in public forums confidential?**  
Yes and No. The Services may offer chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups to our users. IT IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER THAT ANY INFORMATION DISCLOSED IN THESE AREAS BECOMES PUBLIC INFORMATION SHARED BY OTHER JBF FRANCHISEES.

**Do we use cookies?**  
Yes. "Cookies" are pieces of information (actually, alphanumeric identifiers) generated by web servers and stored in your computer for future access. Cookies cannot view or retrieve data from other cookies, nor can they capture files or data stored on your computer. We and our partners use cookie technology to enhance your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Services or make a feature work better. We also use cookies to track affiliates that refer you to our Services. These particular cookies are saved on your computer and collect no data from you. Generally, cookies can be disabled. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you would like to use the Services, you may do so without accepting cookies. However, you should understand that if you choose not to accept cookies, some areas of the Services may not function properly or optimally and you will not be permitted to access certain secured areas of the Services.

**Is the website secure?**  
Yes, the portions of our website (and our other Services) that handle sensitive confidential information are secure.  
We are committed to maintaining the security of your information and have measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We employ the latest and most secure techniques available for protecting our systems from intrusion by unauthorized individuals, and we are constantly upgrading our security as better methods become available. Our data center utilizes state-of-the-art physical security measures to prevent unauthorized access to the facility. In addition, all information is stored in a secure location behind firewalls and other sophisticated security systems with limited (need-to-know) administrative access. All JBF employees who have access to, or are associated with, the processing of personal information are contractually obligated to respect the confidentiality of your information and abide by the privacy standards we have established. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we cannot (and do not) guarantee the absolute security of personal information.

**Does this Policy apply to linked websites other than available through the Services?**  
No. The Services contain links to other Internet websites. By clicking on a third party advertising banner or other link, you will be redirected out of the Services and to such third party websites. Furthermore, we may permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of such websites. You should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of the third party websites and direct any concerns regarding external links to the third party website administrator or webmaster prior to providing any personally identifiable information.

**Children’s Privacy.**  
Our Website and the services and products we offer and sell are intended for parents and grandparents.  Therefore, it is unlikely that children under the age of 17 will use the Website or purchase the services or products we offer. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 17. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 17.  
If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your personal information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. If you wish to do so, please contact us at [Corporate@jbfsale.com.](mailto:Corporate@jbfsale.com.)
