> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigchalk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-04-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030419055726id_/http%3A//www.bigchalk.com/cgi-bin/WebObjects/WOPortal.woa/wa/BCDirectAction/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# bigchalk: Privacy Policy

|  This is Version 1.2 of the bigchalk Privacy Policy, effective May 1, 2001.

bigchalk takes the privacy of its users seriously and is committed to safeguarding user information in full compliance with law, as described in this Privacy Policy, which explains among other things:

| |  **·** The personal information that bigchalk collects from users of bigchalk.com and affiliated sites, and how bigchalk uses and discloses such information.

**·** The responsibility of schools for obtaining parental consent for such collection, use and disclosure of the personal information of their pre-teen students, which is the manner approved by the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") for bigchalk to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and related regulations (collectively, "COPPA").

**·** The protections employed by bigchalk in safeguarding such personal information.  
  
---|---  
**This Privacy Policy is a legal notice regarding these and other privacy matters. It applies to all Web sites operated by bigchalk.com, inc. The Terms and Conditions of bigchalk.com are incorporated in and made a part of this Privacy Policy, and may be viewed by clicking[here](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/WebObjects/WOPortal.woa/wa/BCPageDA/pg~termsAndCondPage).**

Answers to frequently asked questions about this Privacy Policy can be found [here](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/WebObjects/WOPortal.woa/wa/BCPageDA/gen~Corporates~coppa_faq.html). Due to the richness and variety of products and services bigchalk makes available to a number of different types of users, this Privacy Policy necessarily provides a great deal of explanation. bigchalk has worked diligently to present a clear and accurate Privacy Policy, so please read it carefully.

**Table of Contents:

1\. Introduction

2\. Unaffiliated Registered Users and Information Collected from Them

3\. Registered Schools and Information Collected from Them

4\. Registered Students and Information Collected from Them

5\. Registered Parents and Information Collected from Them

6\. Collection of Information by Means of Cookies

7\. Reasons for Collection of Information; Use and Disclosure of Information

8\. Protection of Information

9\. Reviewing, Changing or Deleting Information

10\. Revision of Privacy Policy

11\. Other Web Sites

12\. Additional COPPA-Related Policies

13\. Contact Information

1\. Introduction:

**  
In connection with the registration of users ("Users") of the bigchalk Web site and affiliated sites that link to this Privacy Policy (including bigchalk.com, ExplorAsource.com, schools.bigchalk.com and researchpaper.com) (collectively, the "Site"), and subsequent use of the Site, bigchalk.com, inc. ("bigchalk") collects information from and about registered Users and uses and discloses such information in a variety of ways, as described below.  Users should read this Privacy Policy to understand what information may be collected if they choose to register, how the information may be used, what measures are taken to protect the information, and how Registered Users can change or delete information relating to them. Parents, teachers and other school representatives should read this Privacy Policy also to understand the nature of the consent they are giving bigchalk when permitting children under the age of 13 to use the Site.This Privacy Policy applies to all registered Users of the Site. Users may become registered in one of three ways: They can physically sign a printed subscriber agreement for a bigchalk product or service provided by a bigchalk sales representative; they can fill out an electronic registration form on the Site; or their registration can be authorized and submitted by a Registered School. In each case, Users agree to be subject to this Privacy Policy.Registered Users fall into four categories: Unaffiliated Registered Users, Registered Schools, Registered Students, and Registered Parents, each as described in the next four sections.

**2\. Unaffiliated Registered Users and Information Collected from Them:**  
An Unaffiliated Registered User is a user who completes bigchalk's on-Site registration, but is not registered by a Registered School. Upon registration, bigchalk requests the birth date of any Unaffiliated Registered User for the purpose of determining age, so that bigchalk may distinguish Unaffiliated Registered Users under the age of 13 ("Pre-Teen Unaffiliated Registered Users") from Unaffiliated Registered Users age 13 or older ("Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered Users"). In the case of a Pre-Teen Unaffiliated Registered User, bigchalk retains birth date information in order to determine when such User will become a Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered User. However, as part of bigchalk's compliance with COPPA, bigchalk does not collect other information that would allow bigchalk to associate the birth date with any particular child. Instead, bigchalk registers Pre-Teen Unaffiliated Registered Users with only a User-selected, unique user name and password. bigchalk does not knowingly grant Pre-Teen Unaffiliated Registered Users access to any bigchalk services that gather their personal information or allow them to post or otherwise disclose personal information. In the case of a Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered User, bigchalk retains the birth date information in such User's Profile in order to substantiate bigchalk's classification of such User as a Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered User. Any such User is also required to create a user name and password upon registration for his or her Profile, and to supply his or her actual first name and last name and email address. Following registration, a Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered User may voluntarily provide other personal information to bigchalk in connection with use of particular products and services available through the Site. For example, such a User may create a Web page using bigchalk's community tools. ;In doing so, he or she may provide additional information to be displayed on the Web page or on other Users' pages, in chat rooms, bulletin boards, in threaded discussions, or in other open-ended communications technologies. Because Web pages and such other Internet technologies are capable of displaying any information whatsoever, information of any type can be posted by the Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered User and collected by bigchalk, including personal, sensitive or confidential information.

**3\. Registered Schools and Information Collected from Them:**  
A Registered School is a bona fide, lawfully accredited primary or secondary educational institution in the United States or abroad that has been registered for the Site by a teacher, media specialist or other authorized representative (the "Teacher"). When a Teacher registers with bigchalk, he or she must provide information to complete the Registered School's Profile, which contains the first and last name of the Teacher, the street address and telephone number of the Registered School, and the email address of the Registered School or the Teacher. As part of the Profile, the Teacher must also create a unique user name and password for the Registered School. Following registration, a Registered School or the Teacher may voluntarily provide other personal information to bigchalk in connection with use of particular products and services available through the Site. For example, the registering Teacher may create a Web page using bigchalk's community tools for the Registered School, for the Teacher's classroom or both. Registered Schools may disclose information using the school's Web page and by participating in chat rooms, bulletin boards, threaded discussions, and other open-ended communications technologies. Because Web pages and such other Internet technologies are capable of displaying any information whatsoever, information of any type can be posted by the Registered School, including personal, sensitive or confidential information. As provided in bigchalk's Terms and Conditions, each Registered School is responsible for obtaining the consent of the parents or legal guardians of any affiliated Registered Student (as defined below) to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information of the Registered Student as provided in this Privacy Policy pursuant to COPPA.

**4\. Registered Students and Information Collected from Them:**  
A Registered Student is a student who attends a Registered School and who uses the products or services available through Site under the supervision of and as authorized by the Registered School, subject to applicable parental consent. Registered Students may receive their user names from the Registered School they attend. Such user names and passwords may be assigned uniquely to individual Registered Students, or they may be assigned on a generic basis to multiple Registered Students. In the case of Registered Students with unique user names, Registered Schools are responsible for the accuracy of the required personal information of the Registered Student for registration, which consists of the Registered Student's user name, password, actual first name and last name, and email address. On the other hand, if the Registered School permits the Registered Student to access the Site using a generic username for the Registered School, then no individual registration occurs and bigchalk does not collect such registration information from the Registered Student. Nevertheless, for both Registered Students with unique user names and those with generic user names, the types of information described in the next paragraph may be collected, used and disclosed as described in the next paragraph in the course of such Registered Student's use of the Site.Registered Schools may allow Registered Students to provide other personal information to bigchalk in connection with use of particular products and services available through the Site. For example, Registered Students may set up and post information on a personal Web page; disclose information by participating in a chat room, bulletin board or a threaded discussion; or disclose information using other open-ended communications technologies. Because Web pages and such other Internet technologies are capable of displaying any information whatsoever, information of any type can be posted by the Registered Student including personal, sensitive or confidential information. By allowing Registered Students to use the products or services available through the Site, Registered Schools authorize bigchalk to collect such personal information from Registered Students and to use and disclose such information as described in this Policy. As authorized by the FTC, bigchalk's compliance obligations under COPPA relating to Registered Students are satisfied by the Registered School's promises to bigchalk to obtain parental consent as stated in bigchalk's Terms and Conditions, and accordingly bigchalk need not and does not obtain consent from parents for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected from students who register individually or who use the Site under the supervision of Registered Schools.

**5\. Registered Parents and Information Collected from Them:**  
A Registered Parent is a parent or legal guardian or a student who attends a Registered School and who uses the products or services available through Site as authorized by the Registered School. A Registered Parent receives their user names and passwords from the Registered School their child attends. Such user names and passwords may be assigned uniquely to individual Registered Parents, or they may be assigned on a generic basis to multiple Registered Parents. In the case of Registered Parents with unique user names, Registered Schools are responsible for providing the required personal information of the Registered Parent for registration, which consists of the Registered Parent's first name, last name, country, zip code, birth date and email address. On the other hand, if the Registered School permits the Registered Parent to access the Site using a generic username for the Registered School, then no individual registration occurs and bigchalk does not collect such registration information from the Registered Parent. Nevertheless, for both Registered Parents with unique user names and those with generic user names, the types of information described in the next paragraph may be collected, used and disclosed as described in the next paragraph in the course of such Registered Parent's use of the Site.Following registration, a Registered Parent may voluntarily provide other personal information to bigchalk in connection with use of particular products and services available through the Site.  For example, a Registered Parent may be allowed by his or her authorizing Registered School to set up and post information on a personal Web page; disclose information by participating in a chat room, bulletin board, or a threaded discussion; or disclose information using other open-ended communications technologies. Because Web pages and such other Internet technologies are capable of displaying any information whatsoever, information of any type can be posted by the Registered Parent, including personal, sensitive or confidential information.

**6\. Collection of Information by Means of Cookies:**  
bigchalk also places small files known as "cookies" on the hard drives of its Users. bigchalk's cookies reflect identifying information about each User and retain certain non-identifying information about the User's use of the Site. These cookies are accessible to bigchalk as Users browse bigchalk, and may be accessible to other Web sites as Users browse those sites. bigchalk uses a form of encryption with the intent of masking the meaning of such cookies to Web sites not affiliated with bigchalk, but the privacy of such information cannot be guaranteed. bigchalk does not enter agreements authorizing unaffiliated entities to access the information in bigchalk's cookies.

**7\. Reasons for Collection of Information; Use and Disclosure of Information:**  
bigchalk uses information collected from Users to personalize services on the Site; to permit participation in subscription services, contests, sweepstakes, and surveys and use of search engines; to allow schools, students and parents to create customized Web pages; to allow schools, students and parents to interact with each other using chat rooms, bulletin boards, threaded discussions, and other open-ended communications technologies; to communicate with Users; to charge Users monthly subscription fees and fees for other services, such as provision of access to select libraries of samples; to verify age; and otherwise to facilitate the secure, efficient and commercially practical operation of the Site.Any information that a User posts to a Web page, threaded discussion, or similar service of the Site using bigchalk's community tools may be viewed by persons who are granted access to such areas of the Site. Registered Schools designate who may access information on Registered School Web pages, Registered Parent Web pages, and Registered Student Web pages, including the student, the student's class, the student's school, the student's parents, the student's teachers, other registered bigchalk users, and the public. Unaffiliated Registered Users may also designate who may have access to their Web pages. Information posted on other areas of the Site is accessible to the public. Although bigchalk makes commercially reasonable efforts to control access to Web pages in accordance with the preferences of Users, all Users should understand that the content of any information posted to the Site may be viewed by members of the public.

bigchalk may disclose information about a User as follows:

(1) In connection with a User's voluntary registration for services bigchalk distributes that are provided by unaffiliated business partners, bigchalk may accelerate the User's registration process by filling out part of the business partner's registration form for the User based on personal information the User disclosed to bigchalk. Such business partners are engaged in the following types of services: provision of online educational courses and educational reference materials; and other online and educational services, including provision of tutorial assistance both online and in person. In such a case, the information bigchalk discloses becomes subject to the privacy policy of the business partner, the terms of which respecting maintenance of the confidentiality, security and integrity of the personal information obtained from bigchalk vary from business partner to business partner. Such third-party privacy policies should be consulted for further information. A current list of business partners with which bigchalk shares or may share User information for this purpose is [here](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/WebObjects/WOPortal.woa/wa/BCPageDA/gen~Corporates~partners.html). If you would like to know more about what information is passed to bigchalk business partners, send an email to [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com).

(2) bigchalk may disclose to its corporate affiliates (that is, entities that are controlled by bigchalk, that control bigchalk, or that are under common control with bigchalk) any User information in order for that corporate affiliate to assist bigchalk in operating the Site or otherwise perform services for bigchalk, consistent with this Privacy Policy. A current list of bigchalk affiliates is [here](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/WebObjects/WOPortal.woa/wa/BCPageDA/gen~Corporates~partners.html). If you would like to know more about what information is passed to bigchalk affiliates, send an email to [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com).

(3) bigchalk may share User information on a need-to-know basis with service providers who are contracted by bigchalk to provide a service essential to the operation of the Site, such as a hosting service, entities providing maintenance, upgrade or other technical services to the Site, or business partners that provide User training or support. bigchalk's service providers are subject to strict contractual prohibitions on selling or sharing any User information. A current list of such bigchalk service providers with which bigchalk shares or may share User information is [here](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/WebObjects/WOPortal.woa/wa/BCPageDA/gen~Corporates~partners.html). If you would like to know more about what information is passed to bigchalk service providers, send an email to [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com).

(4) If bigchalk ever sells all or substantially all of its assets relating to one or more of its business lines, then bigchalk may provide all related user information to the buyer of those assets and may assign all of bigchalk's rights and obligations under this Privacy Policy respecting such information to such buyer.




bigchalk does not otherwise disclose information about a User to unaffiliated third parties (apart from the disclosures made on the Site described above unless (1) the User expressly authorizes bigchalk to disclose such information, (2) bigchalk is required by law to disclose such information, (3) bigchalk aggregates such information with information of other Users from which the certain data field(s) that bigchalk believes constitute or create personal information have been removed, or (4) bigchalk in its sole discretion elects to disclose such information in connection with claims of copyright infringement or other unlawful acts associated with the User's use of the Site. In addition, information bigchalk makes available to the User by means of the Site will also be available to anyone possessing the User's user name and password.

bigchalk will use cookies to authenticate registered Users, to assist in the navigation of the Site, to personalize the Site for Users, to control access to Site content; and bigchalk may, in its sole discretion, use cookies for all other technologically possible uses of cookies.By registering for and/or using the Site, each User consents to all of the foregoing uses of User information, and consents to all other uses of such information reasonably necessary to facilitate such uses, including but not limited to trans-border transmission of such information worldwide.

**8\. Protection of Information:**  
Information collected from Registered Users is stored on databases and other servers kept in secure locations under the custody and control of bigchalk or its third party hosting services.  bigchalk also uses technologies and processes such as encryption, access control procedures and network firewalls to protect such servers.  User accounts and Profiles are password-protected using industry-standard, commercially reasonable methods.  bigchalk makes commercially reasonable efforts to protect such information and to limit its use and disclosure as described herein, but cannot guarantee that such efforts will be successful.

**9\. Reviewing, Changing or Deleting Information:**  
Because most Users' opportunity to use bigchalk products and services available through the Site derives from the Registered School with which they are affiliated, bigchalk follows particular practices regarding reviewing, changing or deleting information that depends on the type of User.

(1) 

_Review and Change of Profile Information_. Parents or legal guardians of Pre-Teen Unaffiliated Registered Users or of Registered Students may contact bigchalk by email at [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com) or as otherwise provided in Section 13 to review and make changes to their child's user name and password. Registered Schools, Teachers, Registered Parents and Teen/Adult Unaffiliated Registered Users may review, make changes to, or have their personal information deleted from, their Profiles and Web pages at any time by accessing their Profiles or Web pages with their password.

(2) 

_Deletion of Profiles and Web Pages_.  Registered Schools may delete their Profiles and Web pages, or the Profiles and Web pages of affiliated Registered Students or Registered Parents, by sending a request by email to [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com) or as otherwise provided in Section 13. Registered Students and Registered Parents seeking such changes should contact their affiliated Registered School. Unaffiliated Registered Users may delete their Profiles and Web pages by sending a request by email to [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com) or as otherwise provided in Section 13.

**10\. Revision of Privacy Policy:**  
bigchalk reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice and with immediate, retroactive effect on all User information previously collected. Each User agrees to review the Site regularly for changes in the Privacy Policy, and agrees to consent in advance to such changes or, if he or she does not consent to any provision in any Privacy Policy that supersedes this Privacy Policy, agrees to delete his or her User Profile and/or terminate his or her registration. bigchalk will post a notice of any material change in this Privacy Policy on the Site.

**11\. Other Web Sites:**  
The Site links to a wide variety of other unaffiliated sites. bigchalk is not responsible for the privacy policies of sites not part of the Site or how they treat information about their users.

**12\. Additional COPPA-Related Policies:**  
There are not any activities on the Site for which bigchalk requires, as a prerequisite to a User under the age of thirteen engaging in such activity, that such User disclose more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.

Participation in the service offerings of bigchalk's business partners is optional (and in most cases provided for an additional charge). Registered Schools will determine which service offerings will be available to their Registered Students, and Registered Students will only be eligible to obtain and register for such offerings as authorized by the Registered School with which they are affiliated. Thus, registration with bigchalk does not necessitate disclosure of personal information of Registered Students to such business partners, unless the Registered School chooses to make those business partners' services available. Accordingly, as required under COPPA, a Registered School may give its consent to bigchalk's collection and use of the personal information of a Registered Student under the age of 13 without necessarily consenting to bigchalk's disclosure of that information to bigchalk's business partners.

**13\. Contact Information:**  
Inquiries about this Privacy Policy, or comments or communications regarding it, including requests for deletion or correction of user information, may be directed by email to [help@bigchalk.com](mailto:help@bigchalk.com) or by mail to Privacy, c/o Customer Service, bigchalk.com, inc., 1000 Chesterbrook Blvd, Suite 111, Berwyn, PA 19312.

  
  

