> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigfoot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-08-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030801211134id_/http%3A//www.bigfoot.com/ef/infopage.jsp%3Fshow%3Dlegal.privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bigfoot.com

  
  
As set forth in the Conditions of Use, Bigfoot provides (a) computing and information services and (b) telecommunications services (including the Bigfoot SMS Manager, Bigfoot Conference Call and Domain Registration) (collectively the "Services" or the "Bigfoot Services") to persons who join Bigfoot as non-paying Members or Premium Users or other persons using the Services ("Members" or "Users" or "you"). As part of the registration process for the Services, you are asked to provide certain personal information and (if applicable) credit card or other billing information. The policy of Bigfoot is to protect the privacy of Bigfoot Members who are using any of the Bigfoot Services. Please be aware, however, that as a condition of membership and use of the Bigfoot Services, Bigfoot requires Members to select areas of interest and thereby agree to receive marketing materials from Bigfoot or third parties related to those interests. Members may choose at any time to opt-out of mailings on their profile, including during registration and when they receive any third-party mailings from Bigfoot; however, Bigfoot reserves the right to cancel the membership of Non-Premium Users in the event such a Member chooses to completely opt-out of all mailings.  
Please recognize that it is the policy of Bigfoot to protect the privacy of its Members, and thus Bigfoot will only allow third parties to have access to information concerning Users ("User Information") in the following situations:   
(i) Bigfoot will provide access to certain User Information to third-party suppliers in order for them to perform certain functions for us as necessitated by the Member's use of any of the Services -- for example, credit card numbers are sent to a credit card processing company for billing. These suppliers are not authorized to release this information to other third parties.   
(ii) Bigfoot will disclose User Information in cases where, in its discretion, it deems such disclosure required or appropriate in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations.   
(iii) Bigfoot is a commerce and advertising supported business and the availability of the Services depends substantially on its perceived value among marketers that pay for advertisements and retail opportunities through Bigfoot. Marketers seek to direct advertisements and shopping opportunities to Members who have expressed interest in a category relevant to the offer. Accordingly, Bigfoot may provide User Information (name and email address, but never your credit/debit card information or other payment information) to third parties for purposes of providing you information about third party products, promotions and services that are likely to be of interest to Members. If at any time you decide you do not wish to receive such third-party product information, you may opt-out of future mailings by sending an email to Bigfoot at [help@bigfoot.com](mailto:help@bigfoot.com) and Bigfoot will honor such a request without question. Bigfoot reserves the right to cancel a Non-Premium User's membership in the event a Non-Premium User chooses to completely opt-out of all mailings.   
(iv) Bigfoot will disclose User Information if the User gives permission, requests products that require identifying information for fulfillment, or we are required to do so by law or regulatory authority.   
(v) Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Privacy Policy, Bigfoot reserves the right to sell or otherwise transfer your User Information to one or more third parties in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Bigfoot or in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the stock or ownership interests in Bigfoot.   
Bigfoot may send Users periodic emails containing information about Bigfoot, administrative notices about a User's account (such as notices about pending activities), updates on new Service features, usage tips relating to the Services, information about Bigfoot or third party products and services that are likely to be of interest to you, and user satisfaction questions. Bigfoot may also access user information for the following administrative purposes: (a) to examine system accounting logs and other company records to resolve email and other system errors or problems and (b) for billing purposes. 

If any person uses a credit or debit card to pay for any of the Services offered by Bigfoot requiring payment of a fee or fees (including the Premium User Service and any of the Bigfoot Services), Bigfoot will continue to charge your account until you provide Bigfoot notice of termination of use of the service (in accordance with the Conditions of Use) and all usage fees have been paid. Notwithstanding termination by a Member of the Premium User Services or of any other Bigfoot Service, Bigfoot will not refund any portion of the annual fee, any prepaid fee or any charges (except as may be expressly provided in the terms and conditions of use of any of the Bigfoot Services). Unless you advise Bigfoot of your desire to cancel the Premium User Service, your membership will be automatically renewed on quarterly basis and the quarterly fee will be charged to the credit or debit card you provided. As annual, quarterly, monthly or other periodic fees or charges may apply to the other Bigfoot Services, you are advised to review the terms and conditions of use for any of the Bigfoot Services you may use. If you give us credit or debit card information for any purpose other than payment of fees or charges associated with the Bigfoot Services or to pay for any other type of purchase, it will be used one time only to fulfill one order, and Bigfoot will not store your credit card information. Each User is responsible for all charges resulting from use of the Services, including unauthorized use prior to your notifying Bigfoot of such use and taking steps to prevent its further occurrence. Further, each User agrees to be financially responsible for use of the Services (as well as for use of your account by others, including minors living with you) and to comply with your responsibilities and obligations as stated in this Agreement. 

Bigfoot adheres to the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). As such, children under the age of thirteen may not use the Premium User Service or Bigfoot Conference Call Manager (or other Services requiring payment of a fee) and must always ask parents or a legal guardian for permission, and provide verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian, before becoming a member of Bigfoot and before sending any personal information to Bigfoot, or anywhere on the Internet. All other children should always ask parents or a legal guardian for permission before sending any personal information to Bigfoot, or anywhere on the Internet. Parents are encouraged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available through Bigfoot and over the Internet in general and to regularly oversee their children's use of email and other online facilities. Children should check with their parents before supplying any information about themselves or their likes and dislikes, before they sign up for Bigfoot. Moreover, as it is a condition of membership in Bigfoot (and may be a condition of use of the Bigfoot Services) that Users provide certain information concerning the User's interests and agree to receive marketing materials from Bigfoot or third parties related to those interests, parents or a guardian of a child should contact us by sending an email to [support@bigfoot.com](mailto:support@bigfoot.com) if they would like a child's membership terminated and this information deleted from our records. If Bigfoot determines that information has been provided by any child without permission of a parent or legal guardian, Bigfoot will immediately terminate the account and delete the information from our records. 

A. Please be aware that use of the Bigfoot Services is subject to the Conditions of Use (as applicable to the Bigfoot Site and each of the Services) as well as this Privacy Policy.  
B. Bigfoot will limit the information we collect about Members to what is needed to accurately provide the Services or products requested by Members. Bigfoot will only use or release User Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (as set forth in Section I above).   
C. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. Third-party advertising companies also separately place or recognize a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information about your visits to the Bigfoot Site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about having this information used by these companies, send an email to Bigfoot at [help@bigfoot.com](maito:help@bigfoot.com).  
D. Bigfoot will be aggressive in terminating accounts of users who violate Bigfoot's Conditions of Use. If we must deny a consumer's application for service or terminate a consumer's relationship with us, in cases other than fraud or violations of any law, rule or regulation, we will provide upon request the reasons, nature, substance, and information Bigfoot used in the decision.   
E. Bigfoot provides you access to your Profile information for the purpose of reviewing and/or updating such information. In order to view or make any changes to your Profile, go to the Bigfoot home page, log into your Bigfoot address and click on Bigfoot Directory to update your directory information, and Bigfoot Interests to update your interests' profile.   
F. Bigfoot is concerned about protecting User Information (including any credit card information) and therefore we work to protect this information by utilizing all appropriate technology to prevent unauthorized access to the information you provide Bigfoot. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online, including SSL security for credit card submissions. 

A. Only those employees needed to carry out the business functions may have access to information on individual Bigfoot customers. We employ security techniques to safeguard User Information.   
B. Each employee has a personal responsibility for maintaining Member confidence in Bigfoot. We train each employee on the Bigfoot Privacy Principles, and those violating these principles will be subject to disciplinary action, including dismissal in appropriate cases. Bigfoot will employ rigorous technology and employee practices to ensure the highest possible standards of accuracy, completeness and timeliness. 

A. Please be aware that use of the Bigfoot Services is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use as pertain to each of the Bigfoot Services and this Privacy Policy.   
B. Since offerings and technologies change, we reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy or Conditions of Use at any time without prior notice. Please periodically review our Privacy Policy and the Conditions of Use relating to any Bigfoot Service you may use for changes. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REGULARLY REVIEWING THE BIGFOOT WEBSITE TO OBTAIN TIMELY NOTICE OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS. YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED SUCH MODIFICATIONS BY CONTINUING TO USE THE SERVICES AFTER SUCH MODIFICATIONS HAVE BEEN POSTED OR INFORMATION REGARDING SUCH MODIFICATIONS HAS BEEN SENT TO YOU. If at any time you are uncomfortable with any change, amendment or modification to the Privacy Policy or Conditions of Use and wish to cancel your membership, please notify Bigfoot at [help@bigfoot.com](mailto:help@bigfoot.com) and type the word "remove" in the subject line.   
C. The internet community is a rapidly changing environment and therefore Bigfoot may sell or liquidate its assets or its business or may purchase the assets or business of other companies ("business transfers"). In such transactions, user information generally is one of the transferred business assets and therefore Bigfoot Members and Users should be aware that such business transfers may occur.
