> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigspot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230022407id_/http%3A//www.bigspot.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BigSpot.com

BigSpot.com ("we," "us," or "our") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of users of our online survey panels (the "Service") currently operated from BigSpot.com (the "Website"). We created this Privacy Policy to give you confidence and describe how we treat personal information as you visit and use our Service and Website. Click to [Contact Us](https://www.bigspot.com/contact). Collection of Personal Information We collect information from users including email address, username, password, survey response information, log file information (such as IP address and browser data), and cookies. Registration Information. You need a username and password from us to access the protected areas of the Website. We require some limited personal information to create an account for you, including your user name, password, email address, mailing address and telephone number (optional). We also collect and maintain Social Security Numbers of members as required only for tax reporting purposes for any member whose points and rewards exceed $600 per year. When you use the protected areas of the Website, certain information about your use is automatically recorded and retained, such as account activity (e.g., number of log-ins), data displayed or clicked on (e.g., user interface elements, links), and other log information described below. Survey responses and other submissions. We may provide you opportunities to participate in surveys on our Website. If you participate, or apply to participate, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes background/demographic information, which might include, for example, as zip code, age, consumer habits or information about hobbies, interests, employment status and product ownership ("background/demographic information"). The requested information also includes members' survey responses to questions and issues of interest to us and our clients ("response information"). We also collect information volunteered by users of our Website, such as by completing and submitting our online forms, or emailing or mailing us. Log file information. When users visit our Website, our servers automatically collect certain information that the browser sends when visiting websites in general. This log file information may include the URLs you visited; your IP address; date, time, and time spent on pages visited; and information about your browser and platform. Cookies. From time to time, our Service and/or Website may use the "cookies" feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your use of the same. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies. Cookies help us learn which portions of our Service and Website are useful and which need improvement, recognize your account when you visit our Website, and collect and analyze statistical information (e.g., date and time of visits to our Website), among other things. [You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your survey responses will not be tracked and you will not receive related points or rewards, and your experience with the Service otherwise may be significantly diminished. We may offer you the opportunity to participate in surveys for which a client requires additional cookies for those particular surveys. Those additional cookies would be used only with your approval. Use of Personal Information Generally. We use the personally identifiable information and aggregate/anonymous information we collect to maintain your account and market and provide the Service and Website to you, to email invitations or text/SMS alerts to you to participate in surveys, to determine your eligibility for and match you to particular surveys, to deliver points and rewards to you, to provide background/demographic information and response information to our clients in aggregate/anonymous form only, to improve our offerings and to create new offerings. "Aggregate/anonymous " means to combine the member's information with the information of other members without identifying a specific member or to make data anonymous so that it describes the interest profile, demographics data and/or response of a particular member without specifically identifying the member. In particular, we do not send "spam." The emails that we send after your registration will be to invite or alert you to participate in our surveys, to deliver points and rewards to you, or to send newsletters, updates, and other service or administrative notices. You may opt out at any time as described below under "Opting Out." Registration Information. We do not use your personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages to you (such as offers regarding the Service) without your consent or opt-in. We may send you certain service and administrative notices, which are not subject to opt out. Background/demographic information and response information. We always report background/demographic information, as well as response information, in aggregate/anonymous form to our clients. We also use this information to target our surveys and better interpret our survey findings. Log file information and cookies. We use cookies and log file information to remember your information so that you do not need to re-enter it when using the Service and Website, to provide personalized content; and to administer and monitor usage of the Service and Website. Aggregate/Anonymous Information. We use aggregate/anonymous data to analyze Website usage and customize the Website's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Website and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with an efficient and customized experience while using the Website. We also report background/demographic information and response information in aggregate/anonymous form to our clients. Information Sharing As a matter of policy, we do not sell, rent or otherwise share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties without your explicit consent. Generally, we share information, particularly background/demographic information and response information, only in aggregate/anonymous form with our clients, and only for their use for bona fide market research. In these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide the Website and Service: We may share such information if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with any law, regulation or order, such as subpoena, court order or search warrant; (b) provide the Service and/or Website using subcontractors under confidentiality agreement; (c) protect and defend our rights or property, including investigations and defense of third-party claims; (d) otherwise ensure compliance with our agreements, Terms of Use and policies; and/or (e) protect the rights, property and personal safety of our users, staff or the public. We reserve the right, in the event all or any relevant portion of our stock, business or assets is transferred to, acquired by or merged with any third party, to transfer or assign as part of such transaction any or all of the information we have collected. Account Corrections You may change your account settings by editing your personal profile on the Service. Such changes generally take immediate effect. However, we may retain any information to the extent required by law or otherwise in connection with the permitted information sharing described above. Opting Out You may terminate your membership by clicking the unsubscribe link at the footer of any page of our Website when you login or at the footer of emails that we send. Please allow forty-eight (48) hours for the unsubscribe to process. Parents or legal guardians of any member who is under the age of eighteen (18) similarly may discontinue their child's participation. We will retain all information collected prior to termination in our databases indefinitely. Links The Service and Website and content on them may contain links to other sites and resources controlled by third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites or resources, and you should consult the privacy statements of such other sites and resources. Data Security Our Service and Website have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration. We remind you to keep your username and password private. We do not request passwords in unsolicited emails or telephone calls. Also, we suggest you log out of your membership account with us and close your browser window after completing a survey or other activity from our Website. This will better protect your privacy if you are sharing a computer or accessing the web from a library or other public place. Changes We may amend this Privacy Policy, including the use of your information for new, unanticipated purposes, at any time by posting a revised version on the Website, and/or sending information regarding the amendment to your email address of record with us. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Website to obtain timely notice of such amendments. You shall be deemed to have accepted such amendments by continuing to use the Service and/or Website after such amendments have been posted or information regarding such amendments has been sent to you. If you do not agree with any of such changes, you may immediately cease all access and use of the Service and Website. You agree that such termination will be your exclusive remedy in such event. International Users The Website is hosted and the Service is provided in the United States of America. If you are accessing the Website or Service from the European Union, Asia, or any other jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, which differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your use of the Website and Service, you are transferring your personal information to the United States of America and you consent to that transfer. Miscellaneous The Website is not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly request or receive any information from such children. Also, the English language version of this Privacy Policy will control. Effective date of this version: April 5, 2011 
