> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigstockphoto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091124053913id_/http%3A//www.bigstockphoto.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Royalty Free Photos, Download Stock Photos and Images Stock Photos Royalty Free Downloads

BigStockPhoto.com Privacy Policy Statement

**An Overview**

BigStockPhoto.com is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of consumers of its interactive products and services and of visitors to its site. Throughout cyberspace, we want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for consumers. All references in this policy to "BigStockPhoto.com" include the BigStockPhoto.com site and all of the other Internet-accessible BigStockPhoto.com-branded services. The purpose of this BigStockPhoto.com privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcome visitor to BigStockPhoto.com, (1) what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit BigStockPhoto.com; (2) how we may use that information; (3) whether we disclose it to anyone; and (4) the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. 

Finally, please note that this policy applies only to BigStockPhoto.com and Web sites that carry the BigStockPhoto.com brand, and not to other companies' or organizations' Web sites to which we link. We have clearly marked BigStockPhoto.com and these branded Web sites with our logo so you know where this policy applies. BigStockPhoto.com welcomes comments and questions on this policy. BigStockPhoto.com is dedicated to protecting your personal information. Due to the evolving nature of the technologies BigStockPhoto.com uses to communicate with you, we may occasionally update this policy. Notice of any revisions will be posted to this site. Any comments or questions regarding our privacy practices should be sent to service@BigStockPhoto.com.

  
**What personal information does BigStockPhoto.com collect?**  
BigStockPhoto.com collects personally identifying information during: (i) user registration; (ii) user surveys; and (iv) registration for certain interactive areas on BigStockPhoto.com and on Web sites that carry the BigStockPhoto.com brand. For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes and we collect that visitor's domain name and e-mail address (where possible). In addition, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our interactive areas, aggregate information about which pages visitors access, user-specific information about which pages visitors access and how much time is spent in particular areas, and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or information provided in site registration forms, including but not limited to a visitor's name, address, and phone number. We collect credit card information along with a billing address from users who use our system to gain project work, and who then wish to pay us by credit card. BigStockPhoto.com may retain personally identifying information indefinitely. BigStockPhoto.com maintains publicly available user profiles as well, which may contain personally identifying information volunteered by its visitors.

**What does BigStockPhoto.com do with the information it collects?**  
BigStockPhoto.com may use personally identifying information of its visitors to award prizes, track compliance with our Terms of Service, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when visitors provide the information). In addition, BigStockPhoto.com may disclose personally identifying information about you, your accounts, or any content you provide on your site, if BigStockPhoto.com believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to enforce its User Agreement or copyright policy, to comply with the law, to comply with legal process, to operate its systems properly, or to protect the rights or property of itself, its members, its visitors, or others. 

Other companies which provide services on our site, or which advertise on our site, may collect information about you. BigStockPhoto.com does not control collection or use of this information. You should contact these companies or advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of this information. With the permission of a visitor who is 18 years of age or over, information submitted at the time of registration or submission - including but not limited to age, phone number, address, and income level - may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by BigStockPhoto.com. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may stop that use -- either by e-mail request sent to service@BigStockPhoto.com, or by modifying his/her registration information online. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above e-mail address and providing us with your exact name and address.

**How will BigStockPhoto.com protect your personal information?**  
BigStockPhoto.com will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. Whenever you give BigStockPhoto.com sensitive information (credit card numbers, for instance), BigStockPhoto.com will take commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your web browser. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained by BigStockPhoto.com for any other purposes.

**How to unsubscribe**  
We do not make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies.

**About IP addresses**  
BigStockPhoto.com collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers -- the big computers that "serve" up Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from BigStockPhoto.com, our servers log their IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. 

**Use of cookies**

What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most major Web sites. By showing how and when guests use the site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies.

Each browser accessing BigStockPhoto.com is given a unique cookie that is then used to determine the number of unique site visitors. An additional cookie lets our computers remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites.

By using this site, you signify your assent to the BigStockPhoto.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of BigStockPhoto.com following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. For a full explanation of the terms and conditions for using this site, please see our BigStockPhoto.com Terms of Service Agreement. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions.
