> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigyas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-01-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150131021630id_/http%3A//bigyas.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY & LEGAL TERMS | Bigyas

Last modified 12th November, 2013 at 6.0PM (GMT)  
Bigyas also known and incorporated as Bigyas Integrated Services Limited (“Bigyas” or “we” or “us”) uses this websise [www.bigyas.com](http://www.bigyas.com/) to promote , market , advertise products or services for network , agencies , merchants , advertisers , publishers or affiliates or partners to operate our  advertising and marketing services. Any where the word “We” and “Our” is used in this privacy policy, it refers to Bigyas Integrated Services Limited or Bigyas,Inc. or Bigyas.  
We limit certain areas of this website  be accessed and viewed by members of the public, not all visitors to this website may use our networks.  Bigyas network  is available for use only by persons or entities  that are allowed to gain some access to the network as either an “Advertiser” , a “Publisher” or “User.”  
Bigyas operate her business as an independent entity , therefore , only persons or entities that operate websites through which they conduct a business are eligible to become Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups. Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups must be corporations or other legal entities or adults (at least of the legal age to be able to enter into contracts in the jurisdiction in which they reside) that also manage or operate websites which they use to conduct a business or generate revenues.  
**Information Collected from Visitors to this Website**  
We gather standard information that accompanies Internet transmissions, which in some jurisdictions is personally-identifiable information.  Other than this information, we do not gather personally-identifiable ****  information about or from visitors or from users of this website solely as a result of such visits or usage, other than from (i) people requesting to be contacted with more information about Bigyas offerings, (ii) persons or entities whom we allow to join our network as an Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup pursuant to a written contract that we and the Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups signed and physically deliver (an “Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup Agreement”) and (iii) persons or entities whom we allow to join our network as a Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup pursuant to either a written contract that we and the Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup signed and physically deliver or an “online” contract that the Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup can review on the Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup registration page on this website and agree to by clicking on a button on that page (a “Advertiser, Webmaster, Publisher, Marketer, Entrepreneur and Startup Agreement”). We use the personally-identifiable information submitted with inquiries about Bigyas’s offerings to respond to those inquiries.  
Our servers log the standard information that accompanies Internet transmissions, like the date and time of a visit, browser type, IP address, domain names, access dates and times, referring website addresses and operating system.  We use the services of a third party to analyze information about how visitors use our website. This third party uses web tracking technology such as, cookies, javascript and/or other kinds of Web beacons. We have no control over this third party’s tracking devices.  We receive only aggregated, non-personally-identifiable information generated by this tracking technology. Bigyas may store cookies on a visitor’s computer in order to manage a visitor’s session on our site. By accessing our site, you agree that Bigyas may place cookies on your computer and our third party may use web tracking technology, in each case, as described above. You may opt-out of receiving cookies by adjusting your web browser settings to reject cookies. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the features of our site, including “signing in” to password protected areas. Our networks are membership-based, and members must enter into a legal contract with Bigyas in order to join, advertise or market etc. and use our networks.  Each of our contracts with Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups contain terms that set forth the obligations of Bigyas with respect to the use and disclosure of the information that we gather from our Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups. Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups should refer to those terms and not to this Privacy Policy.  
**Children’s Information**  
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online.  We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate in and monitor their online activity.  Bigyas does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 18 year of age. If a parent or guardian believes that Bigyas has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under 18 years of age, please contact [privacy@bigyas.com](mailto:privacy@bigyas.com) and we will use our best efforts to remove the information from our records.  
**Changes to Our Privacy Policy**  
Bigyas reserves the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. Any changes or replacement will be noted through indications on this Privacy Policy.  If we have a way to do so, and your consent to do so, Bigyas will contact you by email in the event this privacy policy is materially changed.  You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to Bigyas you limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Bigyas or by third parties, Bigyas will change your preference in this regard without your express consent, because, we believed that, changing the preference is for the good of our site and that of our users.  
In the event that Bigyas sells or transfers ownership, operation or control of any or all of its Networks is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. You agree that Bigyas may provide to such entity information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without obtaining your further consent.  Any entity acquiring assets comprising or consisting of your information shall agree to handle such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  In this event, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.  
**Information we share**  
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Bigyas unless one of the following circumstances apply:

We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Bigyas when we have your consent to do so.We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive information.

  * **With domain administrators**



If your  Account is managed for you by  a domain administrator  (for example, for Bigyas Apps users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to:

  * view statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install.
  * change your account password.
  * suspend or terminate your account access.
  * access or retain information stored as part of your account.
  * receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
  * restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.


  * **For external processing**



We provide personal information to our partners or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Bigyas network if we believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

  * meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
  * enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
  * detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
  * protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Bigyas network, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.



We may share aggregated  non-personally identifiable information  publicly and with our partners – like Advertisers, Webmasters, Publishers, Marketers, Entrepreneurs and Startups or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.  
If Bigyas is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.  
**Information security**  
We work hard to protect Bigyas and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:

  * We encrypt many of our services using SSL ( HTTPS with 256 Bit ).
  * We highly recommend Mozila , Google Chrome or Internet Explorer for any user or entity using Bigyas network for safety and security purposes.
  * We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
  * We restrict access to personal information to Bigyas employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.


