> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231205053id_/http%3A//member.nin.com/pub/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# nin.com [the official nine inch nails website] - privacy policy

nin.com Privacy Policy:

For purposes of this document, "Company" is defined as "Non-Entity Corp."

Company provides this statement explaining our online information practices and the way your personal information is collected and used. By using the Services, you consent to the practices described in this statement. Except as explicitly provided herein, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Company does not own or control, or to people that Company does not employ or manage. If you do not agree with the practices explained in this policy, do not access or browse the Site, or use the Services. Capitalized terms not defined in this policy shall have the meaning set forth in the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231205053id_/http%3A//member.nin.com/pub/terms-of-use.html). 

The types of personal information collected on the Site may include, but is not limited to, the following: (1) e-mail address, (2) first and last name, (3) country or region, (4) state or territory, (5) ZIP code or postal code, (6) language, (7) time zone, (8) gender, (9) birth date and age, and (10) occupation. Company may also collect and store the IP address of your computer or other networking device, which may be needed to operate various features of the Services. We may also collect data pertaining to your online transactions, purchase history, and Web site usage patterns. 

Company will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information, such as your name and e-mail address, to others without your consent, except as provided herein. Company may use your personally identifiable information: (a) to deliver you the Services and send you notices related to the Services, your account and necessary updates, (b) to e-mail you promotions and special offers from us and our partners, (c) to manage your account and account access, provide you purchase confirmations, support, and customer service and to keep track of support and customer service requests. If you do not want to receive such mailings, you may "opt-out" by the means provided for (if any) in the mailings or by contacting [support@help.nin.com](mailto:support@help.nin.com). 

As part of the Services, we may recommend for your consideration various products and merchandise. Accordingly, we may analyze data pertaining to your online transactions, purchase history, and Web site usage patterns on Web sites so that we can make recommendations suited especially to you. 

We may also send you e-mails about periodic service or recommended security updates or surveys related to the Services. These periodic e-mails are considered essential to the provision of the service you have requested. You cannot unsubscribe from these mailings. You may, however, choose not to participate in the surveys. 

Company occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as answering customer support inquiries, resolving service problems and correcting errors in the Service (including customer inquiries, billing, and credit corrections), to communicate with you about the Service, to provide you advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service. Company will only provide these companies with those pieces of your personal information needed to deliver the Service, and the companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose. 

Company may share your personal information with third parties in order to fulfill a service or transaction you may have requested. 

Company may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on Company, including, without limitation, to respond to a subpoena, court order or such other request, or otherwise establish or exercise our rights; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Company; (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service, or the public, (d) if Company files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of Company. Company assumes no obligation to inform you that your information has been provided and in some cases may be prohibited by law from giving such notice. 

You can always add, update, or make other changes to the information in your User profile.

Any information that you may reveal in your User profile, in communication with any other Users or in other online discussions or forums is intentionally open to the public and is not in any way private. You should think carefully before publicly disclosing any personally identifiable information. What you have written may be seen and/or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict. 

Company uses reasonable precautions to keep User information secure. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, due to the open nature of communication through the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Service, and the Service and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third-parties. Users of the Service do so at their own risk. We cannot guarantee the security of any information disclosed online. 

Some "operational" information is used by the Services in order to operate your account properly and provide the services you have requested. This operational information does not include the personal information that you provide as part of your User profile, but may include, for example, the following: the date on which your profile was last updated, whether your e-mail address has been verified, whether your account has been deactivated, what browser you are using, the IP address of your computer or other networking device, and other similar types of information. Operational information may be shared with third parties to the extent necessary to provide the Services.

We may collect and analyze information about your use of the Services as aggregated with the use of the Services by other users (“Aggregate Information”); for example, overall usage patterns of Users, the total number of Users, the percentage of Users who are female, or in a certain age range, or who live in a particular region, etc., or the percentage of Users who are also consumers of various other products and services. The collection and analysis of Aggregate Information is important in the operation and enhancement of the Services and other business purposes. Aggregate Information may be compiled in reports and disclosed, sold, licensed or rented to third parties. However, since Aggregate Information does not include any information which can be used to individually identify you or any other User, it is not possible for the third party recipient of the Aggregate Information to use it to identify or contact you. 

A cookie is a very small text file that a Web site saves to your computer's hard disk to store information that you provide about yourself or to store your preferences.

Company may place Internet cookies on your hard drive. Cookies are used to store your profile information on your hard disk. The cookie allows you to move from page to page at the Site without having to sign in again on each page.

You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies using the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use the Services. 

Third-party Web Sites and services accessible through this Site have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. Company has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions If you provide any information to such third-parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest that you review such third-party's privacy policies before providing any data to them. 

We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our Privacy Policy. We sometimes release beta versions of our products and services, which are further refined before the release of the final version. Because these products and services are still in a test phase, we may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so. As such, we welcome User feedback on any privacy concerns you may have. In light of the above and because of the complex and constantly changing nature of our technology and business, and the security risks associated with using the Internet, we do not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER LAW, COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 

Company reserves the right to modify its Privacy Policy at any time. When we do so, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to frequently review the Privacy Policy for any modifications. 

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail message to:[support@help.nin.com](mailto:support@help.nin.com). 
