> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ninjakitchen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190512093802id_/https%3A//www.ninjakitchen.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Ninja® Kitchen | Ninja®

## Privacy Policy

SharkNinja Operating LLC is committed to ensuring your privacy on the Internet by adhering to high standards of fairness and integrity. We are committed to keeping our customers informed about how we use the information we gather from you through the use of each of our websites (collectively, the “Websites”) and by email, on our social media pages, our products and our related mobile applications (collectively with the Websites, the “Media”). Our Policy is developed from principles established by the Federal Trade Commission, the Direct Marketing Association and other local applicable legislation regarding information collected via the Internet (collectively, the “Applicable Privacy Legislation”). The Policy also provides you the ability to “opt-out” of providing personal information that you do not wish to provide and to access, change or remove any personal information already collected. We will not collect, use or disclose your personal information other than in compliance with the Policy. 

#### What Personally Identifiable Information do the SharkNinja Operating LLC Websites collect from me?

You do not have to provide personal information to gain access to or browse any of our Websites. We require registering users of our Websites and owners registering their products online to provide us with a name, telephone number, email address (if they have one), postal address and zip code. We may also ask for additional information to assist us with our development of new products.

If you purchase a product through any of the Websites we will require you to provide us with the above information plus your payment or other financial account information and delivery details. If you send us email messages, you will automatically provide us with your electronic mail address, as well as any other personally identifiable information you include in the text of your message.

We or companies acting on our behalf may collect and store from all visitors to the Websites, whether they actively provide us with information or merely browse the Websites, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer they are using, the browser software they use and their operating system, the date and time they access the Websites, the Internet address of the website from which they linked directly to the Websites, and other similar information. We use this type of information to track website usage, to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the Websites and to help us make the Websites more useful. This tracking information may be collected and compiled by third parties in the aggregate on our behalf and made available to third parties primarily to identify demographic data regarding our customers. Like most Internet websites, we use "cookie" technology to obtain non-personal information from online visitors to the Websites. 

#### What are cookies and how does SharkNinja Operating LLC use them?

A “cookie" is a small text file that is sent to your web browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. The information collected using “cookies” may include your IP address, the address of the web page that referred you to our Website, dates and times of Website visits and the location of your device. The Websites use "cookies" as a means of compiling information detailing the usage of our site. These findings help us understand our customer's needs so that we may improve your browsing/shopping experience at the Websites. Including other uses not listed below, generally we may use "cookies" to:

1\. Estimate the number of users of the Websites.  
2\. Quantify general usage of the Websites.  
3\. Track aggregate traffic patterns.  
4\. Assist in the personalization and general improvement of your experience at the Websites. 

Personal information cannot be extracted by simply placing a "cookie" on an individual's computer. If you have submitted personal information to the Websites, then the aggregated data may be combined with some personal information for internal marketing and reporting purposes. Even though most Web browsers accept "cookies," most browsers also give you the option to reject "cookies". Please note that if you set your browser to reject "cookies" you will still be able to visit the Websites but your shopping and browsing experience may be somewhat affected. 

Composite tracking information generated by cookies may be shared with third parties for the purpose of documenting Websites activity, traffic accounting, content analysis and other trends. Statistical information is not linked to any personal information and cannot identify any individual user of the Websites. 

#### What Personally Identifiable Information does the SharkNinja Operating LLC products and apps collect from me?

Some of our products are equipped with smart technology, are Internet-enabled, or may be operated through a SharkNinja app, each of which may allow the product to transmit data wirelessly to SharkNinja.  We may collect function and use statistics, such as battery life and health, number of missions, the device identifier, and/or Internet protocol (IP), etc.  When you register your product with a SharkNinja app, the app may collect and maintain information about the product and app usage, feature usage, in-app transactions, technical specifications, crashes, and other information about how you use your smart product and/or the app.

We use this information to collect and analyze statistics and usage data, perform aggregate data analyses, diagnose and fix technology problems, enhance device performance, improve user experience, and to provide maintenance notices to customers. We may use this information to provide you with personalized communications, including marketing and promotional messages, such as emails providing product order information when your device indicates a battery is low or may need replacement, for example.  Our smart products do not transmit this information unless you register your device online, consent to the use of such information and connect to WiFi or connect to the Internet via another method.  It is possible to use our smart products without WiFi transmission simply by disconnecting your WiFi from the device or by never connecting it at all. 

#### Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics, a web and app analytics service provided by Google Inc. (hereinafter called Google), to improve the functionality of the Media. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here, what you click on, app and product usage patterns, and registration data to improve product design and experience and to provide other services relating to the way SharkNinja Apps and products are used. Google will not associate IP addresses with any other data held by Google. To stop data from being collected by Google Analytics, you can stop accepting cookies by making changes to your browser or device cookie settings. However, you may not be able to use all features of the Media in full when cookies are disabled. For more information on Google Analytics’ terms of use and data privacy policy, please refer to <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html> and <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245>. 

#### What Personally Identifiable Information does SharkNinja Operating LLC receive from third parties?

If you interact with the Media through various social media, such as when you Like or Follow us on various social networks, or access the Websites and services through a third party connection, we may receive information from the social network and/or a third party such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network and/or third parties. Third parties may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use their services. 

#### How does SharkNinja Operating LLC use the collected information?

We use the information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, connecting with you on social media, collecting aggregated demographic information, informing you of our new products, services and offers, providing you with information from and about SharkNinja and its affiliate companies, help diagnose technical and service problems, and administer our Website. 

#### To whom may my personal information be disclosed?

We will not disclose your personal information to any non-affiliated third party without your prior consent, other than as provided below:

  * We may disclose your personal information to any affiliate company, so that it may communicate with you (whether by e mail, telephone, post or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information about its products, services, promotions and special offers that may be of interest to you, or collect and use that information subject to and for other purposes contemplated by the Policy.
  

  * In the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our business or another similar transaction (such as a sale of a division or business unit), we may transfer or disclose your personal information to a purchaser or prospective purchaser, who may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes of evaluating and/or effecting a proposed transaction or operating and managing the affairs of the acquired business, or for other purposes identified in the Policy.
  

  * We also share the information with third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, such as payment processing, sending marketing materials, performing analytics, and other similar services. You acknowledge that, in the event that a third party processor is located in the United States, your personal information may be processed and stored in the United States and that United States federal or state governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your personal information under the federal or state laws of the United States.
  

  * From time to time, we make our mailing list and general shopping activity available to carefully screened companies whose products we believe will be of interest to you and whose privacy practices meet the standards set out in the Applicable Privacy Legislation. We do not share email addresses, phone numbers or any personal financial information with these companies. If you prefer that we do not share any information with these companies, please contact us at [privacy@sharkninja.com](mailto:privacy@sharkninja.com).
  

  * We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, in response to legal or regulatory process and law enforcement requests by government authorities that have asserted a lawful right to access such information, to our legal counsel, or as necessary to protect our property, interests and rights.



#### Online Behavioral Advertising

We may have relationships with carefully selected and monitored partners, including ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) who may serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated sites and may set cookies during your visit to be used for remarketing purposes. They may also collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. Such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to the Websites and elsewhere over time. This site currently utilizes cookies to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on the Websites. This allows us to provide targeted advertising, control the number of times a user sees a given ad, and facilitate campaign performance reporting. 

You may visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory program.  Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. In addition, note that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we offer, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received. 

#### How does SharkNinja Operating LLC protect my information?

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguard designed to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information.

Here are some examples of security measures we use to protect your personal information:

  * Passwords are required to access your online account and help to protect your account information.
  

  * Encryption technology helps to protect personal information in certain areas of the Websites during transport across the Internet. The presence of encryption may be indicated by https in the browser URL or the image of a closed lock or solid key in the browser window. These indications may not be present in mobile services.
  

  * For payment card information, we use secured networks, encryption or other protection of cardholder data, physical and technical access controls, monitoring and tests of security systems, and other information security practices to help to protect your information.
  



WHILE WE STRIVE TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE CANNOT ENSURE OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO US, AND YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. 

#### Children's privacy

We do not seek nor will we knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. 

#### How do I exercise my choices about the collection, use and disclosure of my personal information by SharkNinja Operating LLC?

We would like your consent to collect, use and share your personal information for the purposes and in the manner described herein, including in order to contact you and provide you with promotional communications. Nonetheless, we want you to know that you have choices and can refuse or withdraw your consent as described below.

You have the choice simply not to submit any personal information to us, however this may limit our ability to serve you as it may prevent you from purchasing items from the Websites or registering for our Media. You may also choose only to submit information constituting required fields when making purchases or completing contest entries.

In the event that you have already consented to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information, you may subsequently “opt -out” at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting our privacy officer at [privacy@sharkninja.com](mailto:privacy@sharkninja.com) or by following the “opt-out” instructions provided in the promotional materials sent to you. Our privacy officer will also be able to provide you with more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent.

In respect of requests not to receive promotional communications from us, please be sure to include your full name, address, telephone number and any e -mail address you used when you signed up to the Media, registered with or made a purchase from us. It may take up to ten (10) business days to process your request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from us or our sister companies. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions set out in this Policy or in the respective privacy policies and/or communications of the us.

#### What is SharkNinja Operating LLC 's policy for allowing me to update, correct or delete my personally identifiable information?

You may change or update your personal information at any time. If you have questions or comments please email us at [privacy@sharkninja.com](mailto:privacy@sharkninja.com). If you have previously given consent to be contacted by SharkNinja Operating LLC and no longer wish to be, please email us at the address above requesting that we remove you from our list of consumers who receive correspondence from the Websites or SharkNinja Operating LLC. Even if you opt-out of sharing your mailing address and general shopping activity, we may still communicate with you using the contact information we have on file regarding your use of the Websites, the status of your orders or your account, or for similar transactional or administrative reasons. 

SHARKNINJA OPERATING LLC WILL USE ITS COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO REMOVE ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM OUR DATABASE WITHIN A REASONABLE PERIOD OF TIME PURSUANT TO A WRITTEN REQUEST FROM YOU. IN THE EVENT SUCH REQUEST IS SENT BY E-MAIL, PLEASE IDENTIFY YOUR FULL NAME AND PLEASE TYPE “REMOVE REGISTRANT” IN THE SUBJECT LINE OF YOUR E-MAIL.

#### Links to third party websites

The Websites, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites of our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, retailers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. We do not have control over and are not responsible for the content of those sites or how the third parties responsible for them collect and use your personal information. Additionally, our websites may include social media features such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and Pinterest buttons (such as “Like,” “Tweet” or “Pin”). Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature, not by our Privacy Policy.

THE POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO THE PRACTICES OF THIRD PARTIES AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY PRACTICES OR FOR THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THE WEBSITES THAT WE DO NOT OPERATE. BY USING THE WEBSITES AND/OR ACCESSING A THIRD PARTY’S WEBSITE FROM THE WEBSITES, YOU RELEASE US OF ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACTIONS, PRACTICES AND OMISSIONS OF THIRD PARTIES. BY CLICKING ON ANY HYPERLINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES FROM THE WEBSITE, YOU MAY AUTOMATICALLY SUBMIT TO THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THOSE WEBSITES. PLEASE CHECK THE PRIVACY POLICIES OF THESE THIRD PARTY WEBSITES. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHARKNINJA OPERATING LLC OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MISUSE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION BY THOSE WEBSITES. 

#### Material Changes to Privacy Policy

In the event that SharkNinja Operating LLC materially changes its privacy policy, it will notify individuals who use or visit the Websites by placing a hyperlink on the front page of any affected Websites titled “Changes to Privacy Policy” that provides a hyperlink with more details regarding the change. The change will be posted for thirty (30) days after such change. 

#### Privacy Notice to California Residents

Under California law,California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2016 will receive information regarding 2015 sharing activities) information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing use. To obtain this information, please send an email message to [privacy@sharkninja.com](mailto:privacy@sharkninja.com) with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. Please note that not all information sharing is covered by the California law and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. 

#### Effective Date

This privacy policy is effective as of August 25, 2017 
