> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nintendo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160616165128id_/http%3A//www.nintendo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nintendo Privacy Notice

Nintendo Privacy Notice

[Version française](https://web.archive.org/web/20160616165129id_/http://www.nintendo.com/corp/privacy_fr.jsp) | [Versión española](https://web.archive.org/web/20160616165129id_/http://www.nintendo.com/corp/privacy_es.jsp) | [Versão Português](https://web.archive.org/web/20160616165129id_/http://www.nintendo.com/corp/privacy_br.jsp)

The Privacy Notice listed below only applies to Nintendo's web sites, Wii U systems, and the Nintendo 3DS family systems. For a list of Nintendo's web sites, [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20160616165129id_/http://www.nintendo.com/corp/privacy_list.jsp). The Privacy Policy for [Wii](http://www.nintendo.com/consumer/info/en_na/docs.jsp?menu=wii&submenu=rvl-doc-privacy-policy) and [Nintendo DSi / Nintendo DSi XL](http://www.nintendo.com/consumer/info/en_na/docs.jsp?menu=dsi&submenu=dsi-doc-privacy-policy) can be found [here](http://www.nintendo.com/consumer/info/en_na/docs.jsp). 

Last Updated: July 2, 2015

Nintendo knows that privacy is important to you. This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use, disclose, store and protect your information. By using a Nintendo product or service you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. 

Information you provide to us. We collect information that you provide to us when you use our products and services or anytime you are in contact with us. Some types of information you may provide include: 

  * Registration information that you may be required to provide when you sign up to use our services, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address; 
  * Login information that you use to sign in to our services, such as your username and password; 
  * Demographic information about you, including your age, gender, hobbies, interests, and country of residence; 
  * Payment information that you submit, including your credit card number, expiration date, and credit card security code, where needed to complete a transaction you have initiated; 
  * Messages, photos, videos, drawings, audio recordings and other information shared by you through the interactive features of our products and services; 
  * Correspondence you send directly to us; and 
  * Information you provide to us offline (through, for example, regular mail, in-person sweepstakes entry forms, and consumer service transactions such as repairs, part orders and direct purchases). 



Information we collect automatically. We collect some information automatically when you use our products and services. Some types of information we collect automatically include: 

  * Information about your use of our products, services and websites, including your browser type, operating system, platform, IP address, MAC address, language and region; 
  * Information about websites you visited before and after visiting our websites, search queries that landed you on our websites, search queries you conducted on our websites, and pages and advertisements you viewed and links you clicked on while using our websites; 
  * Information about your Nintendo device including device serial number, device ID, wireless access point, and other technical information about your device; and 
  * Information about your game play, online status, use of our online services, friends and friend codes, purchases, and other information about your interactions with our products and services. 



Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and retailers. Some examples of information we may receive from other sources include: 

  * Navigation data, including websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked; 
  * Information about consumer service transactions; and 
  * Purchase information. 



Please note that we may add information we receive from other sources to the information we already have about you. We also may combine your information with information about other users, including game play, demographic, search term, clickstream and purchase information, and use this combined information in an aggregated format. 

In order to collect some of the information described above, we may use web beacons, cookies, log files, and similar technologies in some of our products and services, including our emails. 

  * Web Beacons: We may use web beacons (also referred to as pixel trackers or clear GIFs), which are small graphic images placed on a web page, on a web-based document, or in an email message. Web beacons are designed to collect certain user information and monitor certain user activity. Information collected by web beacons might include your IP address, MAC address, the URL of the page you came from, or your interactions with our website or an email message we send to you. We may use the information collected through web beacons, for example, to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages, services, features, and products; to personalize our products and services; to make recommendations for products and services; and to complete transactions you have requested. 
  * Cookies: We may use cookies, which are unique identifiers that are sometimes placed on your device to record data about your visits to a website, so that the site can recognize your device and personalize your visit. Information collected by cookies may be linked to your transaction history, online game play or other information. We may use information collected by cookies, for example, to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages, services, features, and products; to personalize our products and services; to make recommendations for products and services; and to complete transactions you have requested. You can set your certain browsers to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. However, not utilizing cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and features of our products and services. 
  * Log Files: We maintain log files which record activity related to the use of our products and services, such as the number of hits a particular webpage has received, the type and quality of a user's Internet connection, the type of hardware and/or software used to access a particular service, which features of a service are used and their frequency of use. The entries within these log files may include, for example, your IP addresses, MAC addresses, cookie information, device ID, transactional data, device settings, and download activity. We may use these log files, for example, to monitor traffic on our website, to facilitate use of certain services and to troubleshoot technical problems. 
  * Third Party Partners: We also may permit our third party partners to set cookies and web beacons and similar technologies on our websites, or within emails sent on our behalf, to help us perform various internal functions necessary to operate our business. These third parties may also use these cookies and web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your visits to our websites and elsewhere on the Internet and may use that information during, or after, your visits to our websites to provide you advertisements across the Internet about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these third parties may offer you a way to opt-out of this type ad targeting through industry choice mechanisms. To learn more about third parties that participate in these choice offereing and to exercise choices that may be avialable to you, you can visit [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) and [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/). 



We may use your information in order for us, our affiliated companies, or our third party partners, to: (i) fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you commercial and non-commercial messages and to process orders you have placed; (ii) contact you in connection with our products and services, including for marketing and promotional purposes; (iii) facilitate your use of our products, services and websites; (iv) enable your participation in online games, contests, sweepstakes, surveys, public forums, and other features offered through our products, services and websites; (v) make recommendations and customize the content, features, and advertising available through our products, services and websites and on other's websites; (vi) set up repair orders and respond to consumer service inquiries; (vii) provide back-end services, including system updates and system messages; (viii) provide free games, applications, trials, and other content; (ix) analyze and facilitate the use of our products, services and websites; (x) conduct demographic studies; (xi) understand, improve, and develop our products, services and websites; (xii) prevent potentially illegal or offensive activities; (xiii) enforce our rights or the rights of our users; (xiv) verify your identity and prevent fraudulent transactions; and (xv) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent. 

At times we may make certain information that we collect available to our affiliated companies, to our third party partners, to other Nintendo users, and for other legal and business purposes. For example: 

  * Nintendo Affiliates. We may share information with other Nintendo affiliated companies that use it consistent with this Privacy Notice. 
  * Third Parties. We may share information with our third party partners to help us perform various functions necessary to operate our business or fulfill your requests (for example, helping you process your downloads or purchases, and developing and executing marketing campaigns). We also may share such information to, for example, complete your transactions, provide you with advertising and other promotional materials, and assist in the creation of user accounts with third parties. 
  * Other Users and Friends. We may share information, including, for example, your user name, Mii profile information, online status, Mii greeting, and other game play information, with other Nintendo users when you use the online features of our products and services. 
  * General Public. When you use some of our online services, for example when you play games online or post to Miiverse, your user name, nickname, user profile and certain gameplay information may be displayed on the internet and be seen by the general public. 
  * Local Communications. Some Nintendo devices have local communication features that can be activated by you. These features allow some of your information to be collected and shared, automatically, with us and with other Nintendo users. These features also allow us, and other Nintendo users, to automatically contact and interact with you. When these features are enabled by you, you may receive information about, and communications from, other Nintendo users, and you may also receive advertising and promotional materials from Nintendo and its third party partners. You may disable these local communication features at any time through the system settings on your Nintendo device. 
  * Legal and Business Purposes. We may disclose your information in order to comply with legal process, to respond to claims or inquiries, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Nintendo, our users, or the public. Your information may also be disclosed as part of any sale or transfer of company assets, if legally permitted. 



You are responsible for any information that you share with others through use of our products, services and websites. Please be aware that other users may be able to store, modify, or share with third parties, information that you provide to them. 

We may offer you an account for one or more of our loyalty programs, including Club Nintendo, so that you have the opportunity to receive personalized content and participate in a variety of activities, promotions and programs. Within certain parameters, you may be able to link your Nintendo device or network account to your loyalty account. In such circumstances, we will use your information to, for example, automatically register your purchases in your loyalty account so that you have the opportunity to receive rewards and promotions. You may unlink these accounts in the settings section of the Nintendo eShop. 

You may disclose your information to third parties when you use our products and services in order to play third-party games, use third-party applications or plugins, view third-party advertisements, or visit third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before submitting any information to them. 

In accordance with applicable law, we obtain consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children. You can find information about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from our users, including children under the age of 13, in the sections above titled YOUR INFORMATION, USE OF INFORMATION, DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION. 

You may review, and have deleted, the personal information we have collected from your child, and you may refuse to permit our further collection or use of your child's personal information, by contacting a Nintendo Privacy Administrator via email at [privacypolicy@noa.nintendo.com](mailto:privacypolicy@noa.nintendo.com), by phone at 1-888-977-7627, or by regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc., Attn: Nintendo Privacy Administrator, 4600 150th Avenue NE, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. Before responding to your request to review personal information collected from your child, we may require that you follow reasonable procedures to help verify your identity as the child's parent or legal guardian. We may deny any request that fails to follow these procedures. If you choose to have your child's personal information deleted, or refuse to permit further collection or use of your child's personal information, certain features of our products and services may be limited or unavailable. 

Please note that third-party game publishers, application providers, and content providers may collect, use, and disclose your child's personal information through our products and services when your child uses third-party services or content. Nintendo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before your child provides or exchanges any personal information through third-party services or content. 

We strongly recommend that you supervise your child's use of our products and services at all times. You can restrict your child's use of certain features of our products and services by setting up the parental controls on your Nintendo device. For a detailed description of these parental control features, please see the user manual for your Nintendo device. 

Nintendo uses reasonable measures, and has established reasonable safeguards, to help protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. 

Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us or that we collect, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information. 

If you install unauthorized applications or content on, or make unauthorized modifications to, your Nintendo device or its software, your information may be compromised. Nintendo is not responsible for any collection, use or disclosure of information from any Nintendo device that has unauthorized modifications or contains unauthorized software or content. 

You may use a Nintendo device without providing us your information; however, some features and applications may not be available to you. You can opt-out of the collection of certain information by not using our services. You also may be able to opt-out of certain types of information collection through your Nintendo device settings, parental controls or other opt-out mechanisms we make available to you. Certain aggregated technical information about your Nintendo device may still be automatically collected when you, or another user of your device, connects to the internet. You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from Nintendo by following the instructions contained in those email messages. 

Certain information about you may be stored on your Nintendo device. For your protection, before selling, transferring, or otherwise disposing of your Nintendo device, please remove all stored information, including information stored on any of the device's accessories. For instructions on how to remove stored information from your Nintendo device, please see the user manual or visit [support.nintendo.com](http://support.nintendo.com/). 

If you transfer data from one Nintendo device to another, using any of our system transfer tools or features, any information about you, that is stored on that device, will be transferred as part of the process. 

Any information you provide, or that is collected through use of our products, services and websites may be stored, processed, and transferred within, or to, the United States, or any other country in which we or our affiliated companies or third party partners maintain facilities. As a result, it is possible that your information could be accessed by foreign governmental authorities, or otherwise, in accordance with applicable local laws. By using our US based website, or by designating the United States as the region for your Nintendo device, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. We abide by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Economic Area, and Switzerland. For more information about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, visit the [U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/) website. 

We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. When we update this Privacy Notice, we will revise the "Last Updated" date above. Updates will be posted at [support.nintendo.com](http://support.nintendo.com/). We recommend that you review this Privacy Notice each time you use our products, services or websites to help you stay informed of our privacy practices. 

This Privacy Notice and the certification seal located on our website confirms that we are a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program. To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. As a licensee in this privacy certification program, we are subject to frequent audits of our websites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB. All of our sites containing the ESRB certification seal have been reviewed, and certified, by ESRB to meet established online information collection and use practices. 

If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding this Privacy Notice, or any of our privacy practices, please contact a Nintendo Privacy Administrator via email at [privacypolicy@noa.nintendo.com](mailto:privacypolicy@noa.nintendo.com), via phone at 1-888-977-7627, or via regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc., Attn: Privacy Administrator, 4600 150th Avenue NE, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. 

You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified via email at [privacy@esrb.org](mailto:privacy@esrb.org), or via regular mail at ESRB Privacy Certified, Attn: Privacy Certified Program, 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2024, New York, NY 10170. 
