> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the citizensinformation.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218221457id_/http%3A//www.citizensinformation.ie/en/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Citizens Information




The citizensinformation.ie website is maintained by the Citizens Information Board, a statutory agency based at George’s Quay House, Townsend Street, Dublin 2.

We provide or support the provision of information, advice, money advice and advocacy services. We fund a range of organisations, including Citizens Information Services, Money Advice and Budgeting Services, the Citizens Information Phone Service, the National Advocacy Service for People with Disabilities and the Sign Language Interpreting Service.

**This statement relates only to our privacy practices in connection with this website. You can find out more about data protection in the Citizens Information Board, and in the companies we fund, in the[Data Protection Notices](http://www.citizensinformationboard.ie/en/data_protection/) on citizensinformationboard.ie.**

## Collection and use of personal information

When you visit citizensinformation.ie, a range of information is automatically collected, including:

  * IP address – this is the identifying address for your computer in Internet Protocol (IP) code, for example, 137.191.332.82
  * Web browser version
  * Pages visited and the time of those visits
  * Operating system
  * Device or device type
  * Search terms used
  * The previous website address from which you reached us, including any search terms used 
  * External website addresses which are reached by clicking links on citizensinformation.ie



### What we use the information for

The information will be used for statistical and reporting purposes and to improve the website.

### Third-party services on citizensinformation.ie

The citizensinformation.ie website uses Google Custom Search, Google Maps and Google Analytics.

When you search on citizensinformation.ie, your search query is sent to Google and the search results are generated by Google. In generating the search results, Google may gather information such as your IP address, web browser version, operating system and similar.

When you look for a Citizens Information Centre on centres.citizensinformation.ie, many of the pages include a map generated by Google. As with the search function, Google may gather information in rendering the map, including your IP address, web browser version, operating system and similar.

This website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors to citizensinformation.ie use the website. We have set up the Google Analytics service so that Google will not retain your full IP address and does not have permission to share data collected. There is more information on Google Analytics in the 'Cookies' section below.

Google may store data on servers outside the European Union or European Economic Area. Google is certified under Privacy Shield.

You can find Google's Privacy Policy, effective from 25 May 2018, at <https://policies.google.com/privacy>.

### Citizens Information Phone Service

Calls made to the 0761 07 4000 telephone number are answered by the Citizens Information Phone Service (CIPS), a company funded and supported by the Citizens Information Board. You can find [details of the privacy practices in CIPS](http://www.citizensinformationboard.ie/en/data_protection/cips.html) on the citizensinformationboard.ie website.

## Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer or mobile device by a website. Some cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the webpage, or a unique identification number so that the website can "remember" you on your return visit. Other cookies are deleted when you close your browser and only relate to the working of the website. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.

Further information on cookies can be found at [ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm](http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm).

Citizensinformation.ie uses cookies in several places:

  * When you first visit citizensinformation.ie, you will see a message informing you about cookies. If you click 'Hide this message', citizensinformation.ie will set a cookie which records your preference.
  * This website uses Google Custom Search to provide the site's search functionality. Google may set cookies when you use the search function. You can find Google's privacy policy here: <https://policies.google.com/privacy>.
  * Cookies from Google may also be set when Google Maps are displayed on this website.
  * This website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors to citizensinformation.ie use the website. Google sets a number of cookies to make Google Analytics work. The type of information that is collected includes how users get to citizensinformation.ie, what devices are being used, how long users spend on particular pages, how many users visit the site and how many users visit particular pages. This helps us to improve the site, for example, it helps us to make sure that information is easy to find. You can find further details on Google's privacy policy for Google Analytics here: [google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html](http://google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies using this tool: [tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). See also "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps": [google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](http://google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).

Cookies on citizensinformation.ie **Cookie Name** | **Expiration Time** | **Description**  
---|---|---  
CIcookieok1 | 12 Months | Records if you have closed the Cookie Notification and hides the notice for 12 months.  
CIOGAnalytics | 12 months from last visit | Google Analytics  
CIOGAnalytics_gid | 24 hours from last visit | Google Analytics  
_gat | 10 minutes | Used to throttle request rate  
  
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies.

### Managing cookies

Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies or to customise your settings for cookies. For more information please see the links below in relation to cookie settings for the most popular browsers.

  * [Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647)
  * [Internet Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/en-ie/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies)
  * [Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences)
  * [Safari](https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US)
  * [Safari Mobile](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265)
  * [Opera](http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies)



## Further Information or to make a request

If you are concerned about how personal data is processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to our attention at:

Citizens Information Board  
Ground Floor  
George's Quay House  
43 Townsend St  
Dublin 2  
Telephone: +353 761 07 9000  
Fax: +353 1 6059099

## Glossary of technical terms used

### Web Browser 

The piece of software you use to read web pages. Examples are Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Opera.

### IP Address

The identifying details for your computer (or your internet company’s computer), expressed in internet protocol code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.

_**Page edited:** 8 August 2018 _

### Contact Us

If you have a question relating to this topic you can contact the Citizens Information Phone Service on [0761 07 4000](tel:0761074000) (Monday to Friday, 9am to 8pm) or you can visit your local [Citizens Information Centre](https://centres.citizensinformation.ie/).
