> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the citizen.org privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230003411id_/http%3A//www.citizen.org/Page.aspx%3Fpid%3D187) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Page

Your privacy is very important to us. Public Citizen does not automatically collect personal information. If you choose to give us your name, address, phone number, or issues of interest, we may store this information to keep you posted on relevant activities. 

Except as noted below, we do not enable cookies or use other software or hardware techniques to collect personal information on visitors to our site without their knowledge. We log IP addresses, or the location of your computer or network on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We also use IP addresses in the aggregate to track which pages people visit in order to improve the quality of the site. We do not use these data to develop profiles of individual visitors to our Web site. There is no personal information collected in our automated log files. We evaluate site usage by analyzing user information in the aggregate, but this analysis does not identify any individual user. 

**When you contact us for information:** We maintain some records of individuals who contact us for information in case we need contact them later or provide further information. However, we do not provide this information to anyone else unless you give us your permission or unless disclosure is compelled by law. Individual information about website visitors, including e-mail addresses, is never shared with third parties. 

**When you log-in as a subscriber to an online publication:** If you become a subscriber to a restricted online publication (such as Worst Pills, Best Pills News ONLINE), a session cookie is created on your computer each time that you log-in to view the publication. This cookie is created to allow you to browse the publication without repeatedly re-submitting your name and password to verify that you are a subscriber. The cookie is not used for any other purpose and we do not collect information about the information that you view in the publication. A cookie is created each time that you log-in and it does not remain on your computer for more than 30 minutes. 

**When you sign up for one of our mailing lists:** If you provide an email address or other information in order to receive updates or news about Public Citizen's activities, we use this information to notify you about issues and opportunities. We keep the information that you give us to sign up for these notices confidential. Public Citizen does not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose to any third party information that is provided by visitors who request that they be added to our email lists. If you change your mind at any time, you can always remove your name from our email list. In the event you wish to update or delete an email address that you have provided to us, please contact [webmaster@citizen.org](mailto:webmaster@citizen.org) to make those changes. 

**When you make purchases:** If you provide information to purchase a publication, report or other materials, we use the information that we collect to process payments and shipping. This information is not made available to any third parties except as necessary to process payments or ship products. Your shipping and contact information is kept on file in case you choose to make additional purchases but will not be used in any other way. 

**When you contribute money online:** If you choose to become a member of Public Citizen or otherwise make a charitable contribution, which we deeply appreciate, we use the information collected from you to process payments. Personal information may be shared with third party service providers (e.g. merchant banks) during this process. If you become a member of Public Citizen, your contact information will be added to our membership list, which is occasionally exchanged with other organizations. Members may opt out of such membership list disclosures by contacting [member@citizen.org](mailto:member@citizen.org).

 **When you take action using our Legislative Action Center:** If you choose to take action on one or more of our many issues (i.e. send a fax or email to a member of Congress using our legislative action center), we use the information collected from you to personalize the letter and may contact you in the future on similar issues. We do not disclose it as part of a list to third parties. 

_If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify everyone of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of any new uses. While we do not anticipate any changes to this privacy policy, you should check back at our Web site periodically._

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at our e-mail address, [pcmail@citizen.org](mailto:pcmail@citizen.org).
