> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the citiservi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130520133537id_/http%3A//www.citiservi.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We are committed to protecting our users′ privacy. This section explains how your information is collected, protected and used. citiservi takes all reasonable steps to ensure that it complies with the requirements of Law 15/99 of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data of the Kingdom of Spain ( _la Ley Orgánica 15/99, de 13 de Diciembre, de Protección de Datos de Carácter Personal (LOPD)_ ). This law aims to ensure that the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals are protected and in particular that their honour is not harmed and that their privacy and that of their family is maintained.

**Information we collect and how we use it:**   
We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us, such as citiservi Classifieds, SL. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:

  * **Information you provide** \- When you sign up for an AdManager account or any citiservi service that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password). 
  * **Cookies -** citiservi websites use Google Analytics, an analytical web tool, licensed from Google, Inc., a Delaware company whose headquarters are at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics sends “cookies” – small files containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. The information generated by the cookies regarding your usage of the website (including your IP address) is directly transmitted and archived by Google on servers based in the United States of America. Google processes this information, on our behalf, to enable us to track the usage of the website by compiling reports on website activity and through the provision of other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may transmit such information to third parties when required to do so by law or when such third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not link your IP address with any other data that Google has in its possession. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Google features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. By using citiservi websites you consent to the processing of your personal data by Google as described and for the purposes mentioned above. 
  * **Log information** \- When you use citiservi services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. 
  * **User communications** \- When you send email or other communication to citiservi, we may retain those communications in order to process your enquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. 
  * **Links** \- citiservi may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our customised content and user experience. 
  * **Other sites** \- This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by citiservi. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. 



citiservi only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or any privacy notice for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:

  * Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customised content and advertising; 
  * Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services; 
  * Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and 
  * Developing new services. 



citiservi processes personal information on our servers in the in various countries. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country. We may process personal information to provide our own services.

**Personal information** **choice**  
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.   
If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent. 

You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case citiservi may not be able to provide those services to you. 

**Sharing of Information**   
citiservi only shares personal information with individuals outside of citiservi if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: 

  * satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request,
  * enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof 
  * detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or
  * protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of citiservi, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. 



If citiservi becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. 

We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.   
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. 

**Securing your information**   
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. 

We restrict access to personal information to citiservi employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. 

**Accuracy of Information**   
citiservi processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. 

**Accessing and updating personal information**   
When you use citiservi services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Individuals who wish to access their personal data or have it corrected or removed may do by sending a request o such effect in writing to _Plataforma de Gestión Publicitaria Citiservi S.L., Data Protection Department, Office 601, Avda Altos Hornos de Vizcaya 33, Edificio Ilgner, 48902 Barakaldo (Bizkaia), Spain_. Such request must include the following information:

  * Forename and surname of the individual concerned
  * Contact address
  * A photocopy of a valid national identity card or passport of the individual concerned
  * A statement of the requested course of action i.e. access to, amendment of or removal of information. 



**Enforcement of this Policy**  
citiservi regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or citiservi’ treatment of personal information by contacting us through this web site or by writing to us at the address given above. When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is citiservi' policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will co-operate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between citiservi and an individual. 

**Changes to this policy**   
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.

If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at _Plataforma de Gestión Publicitaria Citiservi S.L., Data Protection Department, Office 601, Avda Altos Hornos de Vizcaya 33, Edificio Ilgner, 48902 Barakaldo (Bizkaia), Spain_. 
