> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the citysatoshi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160221054745id_/http%3A//citysatoshi.com/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

This data privacy policy informs you of which personal data is being collected by cannonsatoshi as part of our Internet services and games. It also explains how that data is processed and used. The protection of your personal information is important to us. Your data is protected against unauthorized access and loss through the use of various electronic, technical, physical, administrative and contractual measures. cannonsatoshi has taken the necessary technical and organizational precautions to ensure that the regulations for data privacy are respected both internally as well as by external service providers.

## Collection of data

cannonsatoshi collects personal data:

  * provided by you upon registration at one of our websites or for one of our games;

  * when these are provided by you during an inquiry;

  * when these are provided by you for the use and payment of fee-based goods and services;

  * at your request for the purpose of participating in promotions and surveys, or to receive newsletters.




cannonsatoshi also collects user data to the extent that it is necessary for the performance of services or for the billing of these services. This refers in particular to game processes, game scores and information regarding the use and settlement of services.

Within the context of the use of our websites, forums and games, cannonsatoshi collects the following non-personal information:

  * IP addresses including time and date

  * cookies, local flash data

  * statistical information such as the browser type, operating system, redirecting URL, date, time, pages used, total time of use, frequency of use




This data is used in statistical analyses for anonymous data records.

IP addresses and the corresponding Internet information are saved for a period of maximum of six months within the scope of our legal obligations regarding data storage. Furthermore, these are stored to secure data and ensure our system’s stability and reliability. In specific situations, cannonsatoshi may also use your IP address and the corresponding Internet information to track and stop use of multiple accounts for fraudulent purposes. In cases such as these, cannonsatoshi will seek the consent for such use within the framework of the relevant game conditions.

Cookies Authorization:

Despite the fact that this is stated in the Data Privacy Policy, we would like to expressly inform you that we employ the use of cookies to optimize the use of our Portal and Games and Services, especially regarding user experience. By accepting out Terms and Conditions, you authorize the use of cookies. At any point in the future, you can object to the use of cookies by sending an e-mail to the following address support@cannonsatoshi.com. For all additional questions regarding cookies, please contact us via the same e-mail address.

## Use of your data

We use your personal data

  * to provide our services and settle payments;

  * to anonymously or pseudonymously adjust our offer to meet our users’ demands and improve our services;

  * to fulfill legal obligations, and in particular, to meet the requirements for preserving data.




We also use this information to communicate with you. This includes, in particular, the provision of assistance and support as well as the provision of important contract information. Subject to your consent, we keep you informed about news, events and promotions either via e-mail, phone call or text message.

## Data transfer

We will treat your data with the strictest confidentiality and will not disclose it to any third parties, unless you have given us your express permission to do so. 

## Game Information and Partner Offers

By checking the box next to “Game Information and Partner Offers”, you are granting us your express consent to receive this information. Your consent will be recorded and saved, and may be revoked at any time by using our contact form (<https://cannonsatoshi.com/contact/>).

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If, however, you activate the Anonymize IP option on this website, Google will remove the end of your IP address so it only locates you as within the member states of the European Union or other members of the European Economic Area. Only in rare cases will the complete IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and then shortened there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. The operator of this website will use information gathered via interest-related advertising as well as third-party visitor data (e.g. age, gender and interests) for the purpose of evaluation in order to find out more about the users of this website. No person-related data shall be used here; only a statistical evaluation of anonymous data sets shall be carried out. Google will not associate your IP address as transmitted by Google Analytics with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prohibit Google from collecting and analyzing the data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). Should you wish to adapt or prevent the analysis of your demographic or interest-based information, you can disable Google Analytics display ads and adapt the ads in the Google Display Network: [https://www.google.com/settings/ads](https://www.google.com/settings/ads?hl=en).

## Social Media Plugins

Facebook

Embedded on our website are various Facebook links. This web presence is operated exclusively by Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (Facebook).

Within the scope of our web presence, these links are identified by the Facebook logo or by various facebook pluggins.

Should a user click one of these links, then the Facebook plugins are activated and establish a direct connection via the user’s browser to a Facebook server.

Provided that the user clicks one of the aforementioned links while visiting our website, and is logged into their personal Facebook account, the information will be forwarded to Facebook that the user has visited our website. Facebook can associate your visit to the website to your account.

This data is transferred to and saved by Facebook. To prevent this, the user must log out of their account before clicking the link. The functions embedded in the links by Facebook, especially the transfer of data and user information, are not activated by visiting our website, but rather by clicking the corresponding links.

The purpose and scope of data collection via Facebook, the processing and use of such data, as well as your rights thereof and personal settings regarding privacy protection can be found in the Facebook privacy settings section (<https://www.facebook.com/policy.php>).

For further questions pertaining to the collection, processing or use of individual user data, as well as regarding disclosing, correcting, blocking or deleting data, please contact our data protection supervisors.

Google Plus

Our web presence also employs the Google Plus “+1” link, which is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (Google). The link can be identified by the “+1” symbol against a white or color background.

If the user opens one of our websites containing such a link, the user’s browser establishes a direct connection to a Google server. The contents of the “+1” link are transferred directly to your browser, which then integrates said content in the webpage. We therefore have no control over the data whatsoever that Google collects via the link, but would expect user IP addresses to be collected.

The purpose and scope of data collection via Google, the processing and use of such data, as well as your rights thereof and personal settings regarding privacy protection can be found in the Google privacy settings section <http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html>  
If a user is a Google Plus member and does not wish to have their data collected and linked to their saved Google member data via our web presence, the the user must log out of their Google Plus account before visiting our websites.

## Right of revocation, deletion of data

If you have given us consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time.

cannonsatoshi deletes your personal data insofar as it is no longer needed or required, or if you have requested the deletion of this data. Please note that data cannot be deleted if there are legal storage requirements or this data is required by us for the billing of our services.

## Information, viewing, and deletion of data

At <https://cannonsatoshi.com/contact/>, you can request to see data which we have recorded, as well as request to have this data changed or deleted.

Should you have any questions about cannonsatoshi’s Data Privacy Policy and data protection in general, please do not hesitate to contact us at support@cannonsatoshi.com.  
Please remember to provide your user ID, e-mail address and, if necessary, the relevant game name(s).
