> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sitegur.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630044650id_/http%3A//sitegur.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sitegur.com

SiteGur.com, (hereinafter “SiteGur”) values the privacy of our users and takes reasonable measures to protect such information from unauthorized use. The following is an explanation of our privacy policy with regard to the SiteGur web site.

## What information do we collect?

We use “cookies” that are needed to gather non-personally identifiable information about the visitors to our web site.

Non-personally identifiable information most often consists of things such as your search preferences, the types of products you have bought, how many times you have visited a particular web site, etc. This type of information is usually associated with a particular computer or IP address but not with a particular person. “Cookies” are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user's computer, ready for future access. Each time you access our web site; our server finds the relevant cookie on your computer. The information contained within that cookie is then used to customize your experience with our site. The following is a list of the information we collect:

We automatically record the name of the domain (for example,"123company.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "mycollege.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain); the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and the pages you visit.

## Who has access to gathered information?

SiteGur does not lease, license, sell or share any of this information with anyone or any company.

## Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

## Changes to Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. However, if any changes do occur, we will publish the changes to our web site. Please feel free to contact us if you should have any questions regarding this policy or to report a misuse of your personal information: contact@sitegur.com.
