> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sitesatlas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420090322id_/http%3A//www.sitesatlas.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - World Sites Atlas

World Sites Atlas is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below we outline our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.

When you consult a page on World Sites Atlas, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, World Sites Atlas does obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Mac or Windows, for example). This information is collected to assist us in our site marketing and maintenance.

While World Sites Atlas does not use "cookies", three of our partners do: IAN.com, which specializes in on-line hotel reservations, car rental, and other travel services, and our two advertising partners, Google AdSense and Burst Media, use cookies to enhance your experience on the web.

When you click on travel-related text links on our website, you are directed to the IAN website. They automatically collect the same general information described above (IP address, browser type, etc.). In addition, they may use cookies to collect information about trips viewed and bookings made. When you make travel reservations with IAN through our site, the personal information you enter to complete the reservation is stored, including your name, address, and credit card number. Some of that information is available to World Sites Atlas as an IAN affiliate, but it is only accessed for the purpose of responding to a customer inquiry. You can choose not to provide personal information to us online and make your reservation by phone, but that information will be required to complete the reservation. For more information about how IAN collects, stores, and uses the information it gathers, [please see this page](http://www.travelnow.com/index.jsp?pageName=privacy&currencyCode=USD&additionalDataString=vrBookingSource|index&locale=en_US&cid=10429).

Our advertising partners, Google and Burst Media, use cookies to serve ads based your prior visits to our website. Google also uses cookies to enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet. These cookies cannot be used to personally identify you in any way. If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to block and manually delete them. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information. For more information about the policies of our advertising partners, please see [Google's privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html) and the [Burst Media privacy statement](http://www.burstmedia.com/privacy.asp).

Through Google and Burst, we also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [please click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

If you purchase a map from World Sites Atlas, any personal information received will only be used to fill your order. We will not sell or redistribute your information to anyone.

If you have any additional questions about our dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us at [borop@sitesatlas.com](mailto:borop@sitesatlas.com).
