> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hipmunk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229081550id_/https%3A//www.hipmunk.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Hipmunk

## Privacy Policy

At Hipmunk, we want to make your travel experience better. As part of that effort, we want you to feel comfortable when you visit or use our Service (the websites and related mobile apps on which this Privacy Policy is displayed, and the services that we make available though those websites and apps). We also understand that you may have some important questions for us about what information we collect when you use our Service, why we collect that information, and how we may use and disclose it to others. We've created this Privacy Policy to help answer those questions. By using our Service, you are indicating to us that you agree to our collection, use and disclosure of your information, as described in this Privacy Policy. 

## What Information Is Collected?

Here's what we collect from you when you use the Service: 

  * **User-Provided Information:** When you use the Service, and specifically when you do things like enter a search query, register for the Service, or create a user profile, you may be required to provide certain forms of information. For example, when you search for a flight to San Francisco you would need to enter your destination city (San Francisco) and other information, like your origination city and your travel dates. When you register for the Service, we also ask you to provide an e-mail address and to select a password. You may also need to enter information that would be considered "personally identifiable" (that is, information that would allow us to directly identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number). 
  * **Third-Party Login Functionality:** We allow users with accounts on third-party services, such as Facebook and Google, to log into the Service using functionality that those third parties provide (such as Facebook Connect and Google's OpenID-based authentication mechanism). By using this Facebook or Google functionality to log into the Service, you permit us to access and use specific identifying information related to your Facebook or Google account. While these services make a variety of information available, Hipmunk will associate only your e-mail address or other unique user account identifier with your Hipmunk account. 

We also allow you to integrate various functionalities from other services, such as Microsoft Outlook and Google Calendar, with Hipmunk. If you choose to take advantage of this integration feature in the desktop version of the Service, we will ask you for your login credentials for the other service. If you access the Service using our mobile apps, you do not need to provide your login credentials, as your mobile device allows this integration automatically. By providing those credentials or installing the mobile apps, you are agreeing that we can access and store the information that the other service's functionality contains, including personally identifiable information. Further, if you have obtained authorized access through the other service to another person's information, you understand and agree that by providing us your login credentials or installing the mobile, you are allowing and are authorized to allow Hipmunk to access and store that other person's information, including personally identifiable information.

  *  **Calendar Information.** With your permission, we collect calendar information from your mobile device and use it to provide suggestions (such as for flights, hotels, and cars) based on your meetings and travel plans. We also allow you to integrate various functionalities from other services, such as Microsoft Outlook and Google Calendar, with Hipmunk. If you choose to take advantage of this integration feature in the desktop version of the Service, we will ask you for your login credentials for the other service. If you access the Service using our mobile apps, you do not need to provide your login credentials, as your mobile device allows this integration automatically. By providing those credentials or installing the mobile apps, you are agreeing that we can access and store the information that the other service's functionality contains, including personally identifiable information. Further, if you have obtained authorized access through the other service to another person's information, you understand and agree that by providing us your login credentials or installing the mobile, you are allowing and are authorized to allow Hipmunk to access and store that other person's information, including personally identifiable information. 
  * **Communications** When you communicate with us, for example through our hello@hipmunk.com Virtual Travel Agent, we collect your email address and the contents of the communication. 
  * **"Automatically Collected" Information:** Like many websites and mobile apps, when you use the Service we may automatically record certain information about your visit from your web browser or our mobile app such as your IP address, the pages of the service you view, or details regarding the searches you run on the Service, such as what you are searching for, the date and time when you initiated a search, and the location from which you initiated the search. We collect and may use this information to understand and analyze the aggregate or "big picture" usage trends and preferences of our users. 
  * **"Cookies" Information:** One form of "automatically collected" information we record is information stored by "cookies." When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies to your computer or your mobile device. We use both "session" and "persistent" cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track various types of information. A session cookie is one that disappears after you close your browser or our mobile app. While a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser or the mobile app (and may be used by your browser or the mobile app when you later return to the Service), persistent cookies generally can be removed. You can review the appropriate "Help" file in your Web browser or your mobile device to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. 

  * **Information Associated with Paid Subscriptions:** Hipmunk offers [a paid subscription service for managing executive travel](http://www.hipmunk.com/business) ("Hipmunk for Business"). Hipmunk for Business allows you to find travel information for business purposes on behalf of others. When you sign up for Hipmunk for Business, we collect your name, e-mail address, and the names and e-mail addresses of the persons on whose behalf you will be using Hipmunk for Business. When you use Hipmunk for Business, we also collect the information in the categories listed above, which may include personally identifiable information pertaining to the persons on whose behalf you are using Hipmunk for Business. 

  * **Device-Provided Information:** If you install our mobile apps to access the Service, your mobile device makes certain information from the device and other apps installed on the device, which may include personally identifiable information, available to our mobile apps automatically. We may collect, use, share, and disclose this information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

  * **Payment Information:** Hipmunk for Business: A subscription to Hipmunk for Business requires a monthly payment. When you sign up for Hipmunk for Business, we collect billing details from you including name on card, card number, and billing address, and we pass that information to our third-party payment processor, [Stripe](https://stripe.com/), which handles payments for us. We don't store that information—Stripe does. You can find out more about Stripe [here](https://stripe.com/terms/US). 

  * **Booking through Hipmunk:** If you are a registered Hipmunk user, you may book travel transactions with some of our travel partners through Hipmunk. When you use this feature, we collect payment details from you including name on card, card number, billing address, expiration date, security code, and phone number, and we pass that information to the travel partner to complete the transaction. The travel partner processes your payment. You have the option to let us save your payment details, which we will store for the sole purpose of enabling your future transactions. You may add a payment method or edit or delete your saved payment information at any time in your Hipmunk account settings. 




## How Hipmunk uses this information:

Hipmunk uses the information you provide or that we collect to keep this great thing going—that is, to develop, operate, maintain, enhance, and provide the Service, to develop new products and services, and to customize and target content that may be more interesting, relevant or useful to you, including advertisements, and for other administrative purposes. Here are some examples of how we may use the information you provide or that we collect: 

  * We may use your e-mail to give you updates on the Service's features and progress (such as new travel-search features or functions that we may add), and to provide you with promotional materials and offers (such as discounts on airfare or hotels that may become available, or news about travel destinations). Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving e-mails about Service updates and promotional materials and offers, either through links provided in the e-mail messages we send to you or by updating your account preferences through the Service.
  * We may communicate with you via e-mail or another form of electronic notification regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service.
  * If you are logged into your account and using the Service (including Hipmunk for Business), we may associate information regarding your usage of the Service with your account and with other information that we have collected about you, such as your search history. If you have not yet established an account with us (or you have not signed into the Service using a third-party login mechanism, described above), we record the searches you perform to a cookie. If that you later establish an account with us, or sign into our Service with that cookie still present on your computer, we may associate the searches recorded on that cookie with your new account.



## How Is the Information Shared or Disclosed?

We may provide personally identifiable information to third parties for their use in helping us perform our internal business functions. These are things like processing payments for us, or performing maintenance, security, data analysis, e-mail transmission and processing, or data hosting on our behalf. If you book travel with one of our travel partners through Hipmunk, we provide the payment details you give us to the travel partner to process the transaction. If you book travel using Hipmunk through certain third-party partners, we may, with your consent, send a copy of the travel booking confirmation to the partner. The confirmation will include personally identifiable information (such as name, email and phone number, and billing address) and truncated payment card details. We will do our best to require these third parties to maintain your information securely, to not use it for purposes other than providing services to us, and to refrain from disclosing the information except when required by law. 

Hipmunk may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to: (1) satisfy legal obligations or comply with legal process (such as a subpoena) served on Hipmunk; (2) protect Hipmunk and others from fraudulent, abusive, predatory, or unlawful uses or activity; (3) investigate and defend Hipmunk against any legal claims or threats; (4) protect and defend the rights or property of Hipmunk; (5) take action on user complaints, or (6) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hipmunk, the Service, or the public. 

If there is a change in ownership of Hipmunk, including through a merger with, acquisition by, or sale of assets to another entity, we may sell or otherwise transfer all information you provide to us, including personally identifiable information, to that entity. 

Hipmunk may disclose aggregated, anonymized, or other types of non-personally identifiable information, including "automatically collected" and "cookies" information that is non-personally identifiable, to third parties for various purposes. For example, Hipmunk may disclose non-personally identifiable information to our travel partners or other interested third parties to assist them in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns and activity on the Service, to assist them in serving your travel needs, to select the advertisements shown to you on our Service or on other websites and services, or to enhance your ability to conduct efficient and accurate searches. 

## Choice

You may, of course, decline to share certain information with Hipmunk, in which case Hipmunk may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Service. For instance, you may delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service (see "Cookies" Information above for details). And through your account preferences page on the Service, you may update, correct, or delete certain categories of your profile information, and you may change your preferences. Please note that while your changes to your profile information are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you previously submitted. If you want your information permanently anonymized, please submit a request to [contact@hipmunk.com](mailto:contact@hipmunk.com). We may retain any anonymized information for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics. 

## Third-Party Advertisers and Advertising Technology Providers

Our advertising technology partners may use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements that appear on the Service. They automatically receive your IP address and other log file information when this happens. Hipmunk Inc., our advertising technology partners, as well as certain of our other travel partners, may also use cookies, pixel tags, or other technology to assist in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns and activity on the Service or to serve advertisements or other information about travel booking options to you both on our Service and on other websites and services, based on your interaction with promotional e-mails from us or from other services, your visits to and use of the Service, and your visits to third-party sites and services on the Internet, including certain travel partners' sites and services (collectively, "Usage Information") and/or on anonymized user information. Although you may not opt out of receiving online advertisements generally, you may control the collection of data on our site used for targeted Hipmunk, Inc. advertising during your visits to other websites. To opt-out of Hipmunk, Inc. data collection for targeted advertising on other sites, click here: [Opt Out Now](http://media.hipmunk.com/optout.html). We may use Facebook custom audiences. You may opt-out of this technology [here](https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/). We may use Google Analytics data collection. To opt-out of Google Analytics data collection for targeted advertising on other sites, click here: [Opt Out Now](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/). These advertising technology and other travel partners may transmit your Usage Information to Hipmunk, and Hipmunk may use that Usage Information consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our advertising technology partners also may, in accordance with their privacy policies, permit third parties to target advertisements that are displayed to you, both on and off the Service, based on your Usage Information or anonymized user information. These partners have promised that they will not combine or associate your Usage Information or anonymized user information provided to them by Hipmunk with information you have independently provided to those partners. 

If you interact with Hipmunk through a third-party website, such as Yahoo! Travel, and you sign up to receive information about travel deals or fares from us, we will share your email address with that same third party so that they may contact you with travel-related offers or services that may be of interest to you. They are prohibited from using your contact information for any other purpose without your consent. We will not provide your credit card information or any other personal information. 

Aside from what is described above, we do not provide personal information to our advertising technology partners without your consent. To learn more about our advertising technology partners, send us an e-mail at [contact@hipmunk.com](mailto:contact@hipmunk.com). To learn more about online advertising generally and manage your online advertising preferences, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's website [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/). 

## Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive (1) information identifying any third party company or companies to which Hipmunk may have disclosed, within the past year, personally identifiable information pertaining to you for that third party's direct marketing purposes, and (2) a description of the categories of personally identifiable information disclosed. To obtain such information, please mail your request to: Hipmunk, Attn: Legal, 434 Brannan St., 1st Floor, San Francisco, CA 94107. 

## Do Not Track

Our website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track ("DNT") or similar signal as it awaits the results of efforts by the policy and legal community to determine the meaning of DNT and the proper way to respond. 

## Links to Third-Party Services

Our Service includes links to third-party services, such as the links we provide to websites where you may book travel. When you follow the links to third-party services, you should understand that our Privacy Policy no longer applies, and that the third-party's privacy practices may not be the same as ours. 

## The Security of Your Information

Hipmunk employs various physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to help protect the integrity and security of our systems and to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personally identifiable information that we control. For example, we scramble your password during transmission, and limit the employees who can access personally identifiable information to a small set who need such information to perform their jobs. If you save your payment information in your Hipmunk account, we store it in encrypted form in its own database. While we take reasonable measures to protect your information, we do not, however, guarantee the security of your information. If Hipmunk learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically, either by e-mail on via our website, so that you can take appropriate protective steps. These methods of communicating with you are only examples. We retain the right to decide which method we will use to notify you of a security breach, and will do so consistent with our legal obligations. 

## Where We Operate

Our servers and data centers are located in the United States. If you choose to use the Service from outside the U.S., then you should know that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of your region and into the U.S. for storage and processing. By providing your personally identifiable information to us through your use of the Service, you agree to that transfer, storage, and processing in the U.S. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data-security laws, some of which may be less stringent than your own region. 

## How Will You Know Whether Hipmunk's Privacy Policy Has Changed?

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. If we substantially revise the policy (and we will use our discretion to determine if the revision is substantial) we may send e-mails to our registered users containing a link to the updated policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay informed about how we are protecting the personally identifiable information we collect. If you continue to use our Service after we post an update to this Privacy Policy, this will indicate your acceptance of the update. 

**Updated November 17, 2015**
