> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the venus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001205171400id_/http%3A//www.venus.com/terms/terms.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# terms

UnitedStates.com is a 100% non-partisan company, which means we do not promote any political parties or candidates.  Some of our customer web sites may do so.  Our goal is to better our nation through the promotion of public affairs and to remind us of how truly blessed we are to live in a nation based on "liberty and justice for all".  We also wish to be practical to the public on a daily basis with a variety of useful services.  Thank you to every American who has built this country by cherishing, nourishing, & where need be fighting for the freedom and democracy that underlies everything we have and are. 

_\- P Gordon, President & CEO, the UnitedStates.com group of companies_

Please help us improve our sites!  Contact [webmaster@unitedstates.com](mailto:webmaster@unitedstates.com) with questions and comments or write us at 333 Washington Blvd., #355, Marina del Rey, California, 90292.  We consider employment applications for positions all across the United States.  We are always looking for new partnerships and are interested in finding like-minded talent, employees, directors, advisors, and friends.  We are affiliated with a variety of other diverse sites and expect to conduct a public offering of stock.  Media only: please contact our President/CEO directly [president@unitedstates.com](mailto:president@unitedstates.com) 1-213-UNITED-1.  _The following legal information applies to all sites in our network:_

LEGAL INFORMATION:  This site and its services are privately owned and operated (i.e. not by a government, political party, or entity therein) and contains many external links (including advertising) which we do not necessarily endorse.  Every time you use this site you agree to be bound by the terms of service posted here which supersede any prior ones posted here or otherwise communicated.  Use of this site or its services for spam, pornography, or anything illegal is prohibited.  We reserve the right to change our services and/or policies at any time and revoke and/or deny privileges to anyone.  User data (accounts/listings/postings/sites/e-mail and/or their content on or from this site) may be deleted or modified with or without notice including attaching promotional content and "framing" other sites submitted or created within this site.  We do not guaranty and will not assume any liability relating to the site, system, or data (including user data) performance, content, reliability, accuracy, security, privacy, effect on user or recipient system, or any other issue and related damages.  Users are exclusively responsible for all aspects of their user data content.  User agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless UnitedStates.com and its employees, agents, shareholders, and representatives for any damages resulting from using this site and its services including lost savings, assets, profit, or other incidental or consequential damages.  This site and its services are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranty expressed or implied.  You are responsible for purchasing all equipment and services necessary for using this site and its services.  User certifies all information they provide in the sign-up is accurate.  Contest rules will be posted here when launched.  No purchase will be required and qualifying active account holders (to be defined) on the specified contest date will be automatically entered.  Users may have to show their sign-up information was accurate & hold only one of our accounts in order to win.  Site is copyright 1998-2000 UnitedStates.com with news & articles copyright of UPI, other copyrights apply.  All rights reserved.  Void where prohibited.  For more contact us above.

 _UnitedStates.com network of sites gathers registration data from site users for the purpose of delivering more effective advertising and participation in promotions.   We, ourselves, do not place "cookies" on your hard drive for the purpose of gathering information about you.  Some of our affiliated services do so (including some of our ad agencies below, see them for more information about cookies).  We collect several types of non-personally-identifiable information about consumers.  This information includes: IP address: a number used to represent a computer on the Internet. When a PC accesses the Internet through an ISP, it typically receives a temporary IP address. Your domain: e.g., .com, .net, or .edu. This is standard information that is available with all communication sent on the Internet. Other information that we can infer consists of:  Operating system: e.g., Windows, DOS, Macintosh, or UNIX; Browser version and type: e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer; Browser language: e.g., Java or Unix; Internet Service Provider (ISP): e.g., MindSpring or AOL; Clickstream information: We can infer how you use the sites and pages on the internet, and can infer your local time._

 _Flycast: UnitedStates.com network of sites works with a third party that serves ads to this site. To find out more about how Flycast manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to_[ __ _http://www.flycast.com/about_us/about-privacy.html_](http://www.flycast.com/about_us/about-privacy.html) __ _._ __

 _Doubleclick: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click_[ _here_](http://www.sonar.com/content/privacy.htm) _._
