> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the estimatedwebsite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920034014id_/http%3A//estimatedwebsite.co.uk/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EstimatedWebsited - Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy for Estimatedwebsite.com**

 **Our Commitment To Privacy**

The privacy of our visitors to Estimatedwebsite.com is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.

At Estimatedwebsite.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Estimatedwebsite.com, and how we safeguard your information.  We never sell your personal information to third parties.

 **Log Files**  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. 

 **Cookies and Web Beacons**  
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements on Estimatedwebsite.com to support our site.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. 

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  * Google uses a so called DART cookie that enables the serving of ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. 
  * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

****

**Estimatedwebsite.COM 2003-2010** **  
Powered by an innovative search technology  
** **The rights to mentioned products, materials, items, accounting, companies, linked videos/pictures, trademarks or otherwise linked webcontents belong to their respective owners and sources. Estimatedwebsite.com is not responsible for, and does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of, any opinion, advice, statement, accounting, recommendation or other information included in any page posted. Any reliance by you on any such opinion, advice, statement, recommendation or other information shall be at your sole risk. The company accounts are in compliance with the international financial reporting standards IFRS by the International Accounting Standards Board.  
**
