> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the estimote.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161119071800id_/http%3A//estimote.com/legal/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Estimote Beacons — real world context for your apps

Last Modified: May 13, 2015

Estimote, Inc. (“ **Estimote** ,” “ **we** ” or “ **us** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information we collect from visitors to our website and mobile apps and customers of our service (collectively, our “Service”). For information about how we collect and use information collected from end users during the provision of our Service to our Customers, please see “Customer Data,” below. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

We collect personal information about you from various sources to provide our services to you, to analyze and improve our services, and to communicate with you. To help you understand how we use and share this information, this Privacy Policy describes our data privacy and confidentiality practices.

Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given them in the [Estimote Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms-of-service.html).

## 1\. How We Collect and Use Information

We collect personal information from our website visitors in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include:

**Information that you provide to us.** We collect information that you provide to us when you set up an account with us, use our Service, or communicate with us. For example, we may request your personal information (e.g., name, postal address, email address and password, telephone number, and billing information) and your applicable business information when you register for an account or purchase our Service. We may also collect any communications that you exchange with us. We will combine this information with information about how you use the Service.

**Information we receive from third-parties.** When you connect our Service with services offered by third-parties, such as by “Liking” us on Facebook or following us on Twitter, or when you link our Service with other services, which may include your profile information, user name, user ID associated with your account, language, country, and any other information you permit such third-party to share with us and/or that you permit us to receive from such third-party. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the third-party. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.

We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, billing confirmation, changes or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Similarly, if you request information from us through an online contact form or if you email us, we collect the information you provide (e.g., name, telephone number, email address) so that we can respond to you. For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.

**Information collected through technology.** We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service. When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time. We may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our visitors. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third-party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this

When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.

**Information from other sources.** We may obtain information from other sources, such as third-party information providers, or through mergers and acquisitions, and combine this with information previously collected. In these cases, our Privacy Policy governs the handling of the combined personal information.

## 2\. How We Share Personal Information

We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information.”

  * We may share your personal information with third-party service providers or business partners who help us deliver or improve our service, for example, providers who help us process payments, identify and send targeted advertising, send email or postal mail, provide back-office services, or measure site traffic. These providers will be given access to your personal information as is reasonably necessary to perform their function under reasonable confidentiality terms.
  * We may aggregate, or strip information of personally identifying characteristics, and then share that aggregated or anonymized information with third-parties.
  * We may share or disclose your personal information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that we are required to do so under applicable law or regulatory requirements, or if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity, and/or to enforce our Terms of Use.
  * We may share your personal information with corporate subsidiaries we own or control.
  * We reserve the right to transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.



## 3\. Customer Data

Our Service provides a technology that is installed in third-party mobile applications (“apps”) belonging to our Customers, and which provides our Customers with real-time analytics and tools to create a better experience for their end users. When a Customer uses our Service, the Customer’s app may collect personal information from end users (“Customer Data”) that is shared with Estimote. This Customer Data is owned and controlled by our customers, and any Customer Data that we maintain or process we consider to be strictly confidential. We collect and process Customer Data solely on behalf of our customers, and in accordance with our agreements with the customers. We do not use or disclose Customer Data except as authorized and required by our customers and provided for in our agreements with our customers.

In this Section, we describe the type of data that is collected through our Customers’ apps and shared with Estimote. Apps that use Estimote may use only some of the features and information that Estimote can collect. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the data collection and use practices ofEstimote’s website, and does not apply to Customer Data or to the data collection practices of our third party Customers that use our Service. It is always a good idea to carefully read the privacy policy of each mobile app you install and use on your mobile device to be sure you understand the app’s data collection and use practices.

**Data Collected through the Service.** Through the course of providing our Service to our Customers, our Customers’ apps will collect information from an end user’s device any time the end user’s app comes within range of an Estimote beacon (a small device that uses Bluetooth technology to identify Estimote- enabled Customer apps and may be placed in retail stores or other Customer locations). Estimote relies on an app-specific identifier that is used to identify a unique app user. This identifier is associated only with the specific Customer app and is not tied to your mobile device. If you delete the Customer app from your device, this identifier will be deleted as well. Relying on this app-specific ID, we collect your location (latitude/longitude coordinates) and the time of day and your location when your device is near any of our beacons. We also collect device information, such as the device type, model and operating system version, and current IP address. We use this information to identify when you enter or leave the range of a particular beacon in a Customer’s retail store or location where they have placed a Beacon in order to provide analytic tools to help our Customers better serve and understand their end users. We never collect personally identifying information such as a name, mobile phone number, email address, or other contact information from our Customer’s end users. If you do not want the Estimote beacon to identify your mobile device, you can: (a) delete the Customer app or adjust the in-app settings of the Customer app if the app makes that option available, or (b) turn “off” your Bluetooth through your device’s Settings feature.

## 4\. Your Choices Regarding Your Information

**Email Communications.** From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our website, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third-parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain Service-related email communications (e.g., account verification, billing confirmation, technical or legal notices).

**Modifying Account Information.** If you have an online account with us, you can modify your account information by contacting us at the email address provided below. Please note that Estimote does not own or control the Customer Data collected through the provision of Service to our Customers, and we cannot modify or delete Customer Data except at the request of our Customer, or as permitted by our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms-of-service.html)

**Online Advertising and Controlling Cookies.** We may permit third-party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or apps. Typically, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)). If you access our service on your mobile device, you may be able to control tracking technologies through settings.

## 5\. Data Protection and Security

**Storage and transfer:** Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Estimote or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which we or our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Keeping information safe:** Estimote cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and to notify our Customers if the security, integrity or confidentiality of personal information has been compromised, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

Estimote’s obligations with respect Customer Data are defined in our agreements with our customers, including our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms-of-service.html), and are not included in this Privacy Policy. Each customer will remain responsible for the privacy and security of the Customer Data that it collects and processes and for compliance with applicable data protection laws that may apply to the collection, processing and disclosure of Customer Data.

## 6\. Links to Third-Party Websites and Services

For your convenience, our website and Service may provide links to third-party websites or services that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. To the extent that any linked third-party websites or services you visit are not owned or controlled by Estimote, we are not responsible for those websites’ or services’ content or information practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.

## 7\. Children’s Privacy

Estimote’s website and services are intended for use strictly by adults. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that any personal information has been collected from a child under 13, we will delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us at [privacy@estimote.com](mailto:privacy@estimote.com).

## 8\. Changes to Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will post changes on this page and indicate the “last modified” date at the top of this page. Please check back often for any updates. Your continued use of our website or services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

## 9\. Contact Us

For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at [privacy@estimote.com](mailto:privacy@estimote.com) or contact us at:

Estimote, Inc.  
35 East 19th St., 3rd Fl.  
New York, NY 10003
