> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mindsumo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606184447id_/https%3A//www.mindsumo.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MindSumo Privacy Policy

MindSumo Privacy Policy  
Last Updated: April 17, 2014 

**Key Terms:**

  * **Your Information** \- The personal information of MindSumo users that is collected in the registration process, e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, academic history, professional history, and resume.
  * **User** \- Registered MindSumo users who submit solutions to Challenges, communicate with Mentors, or engage with other features that are posted on the site located at www.mindsumo.com (the "Site").
  * **MindSumo Challenge(s)/Challenge(s)** \- Specific problems of individual organizations that are posted on the Site for users to try and solve.
  * **Challenger(s)** \- The businesses or other entities that post Challenges on MindSumo to be worked on by Users. 
  * **Reward(s)** \- The monetary or other compensation given the winning User of a MindSumo Challenge. The Reward is chosen by the Challenger.
  * **Solution(s)** \- A proposed answer submitted by a User for any individual MindSumo Challenge.
  * **Winning Solution** \- The Solution that is chosen as the recipient of the Reward for a specific MindSumo Challenge.
  * **MindSumo Challenge Brief** \- The document created for each MindSumo Challenge that describes the nature of the Challenge, and the specific deliverables that Users must submit in order to be eligible to win the Reward.
  * **Challenge-Specific Provisions** \- Additional terms and conditions outlined for a particular Challenge that a Challenger stipulates must be agreed to by participating Users.



**Information that We Collect** MindSumo will collect Your Information when you voluntarily provide such information, including when you register as a User. We will use Your Information to respond to requests you may make of us, to communicate with you about MindSumo Challenges, to provide our services, and from time to time, we may refer to Your Information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our websites, products and services. When you interact with the Site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. This Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track and analyze such information. In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve our users and to otherwise improve our services, we may conduct research on our user demographics, submissions, interests and behavior based on Your Information and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may use and share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. 

**Web Beacons and Cookies** The information we collect in this process can also be used to prevent suspended users from re-registering under a different username. We might send cookies to your browser to enable automatic logins when you visit in the future, as well as for content customization. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site's features. Future Third party vendors, including Google, may also use cookies to serve future potential ads based on your prior visits to this website. 

**Use by Minors** You should be aware that this site is not intended for use by, or designed to attract, individuals under the age of 18. You may not register as a User if you are under the age of 18, or have not reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is an individual under the age of 18. 

**Sharing of Your Information** We may share Your Information with agents, contractors or partners of MindSumo in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for, or with, MindSumo. These agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for MindSumo, or services for the collaboration in which they and MindSumo are engaged (for example, our Challengers). By submitting a Solution to a MindSumo Challenge, for example, you acknowledge that we may share Your Information with Challengers as part of the Challenge evaluation process, and if Challengers are interested in using Your Information as a means of recruiting you. Your Information will also be available as part of a database for Challengers or other potential employers to recruit you. You consent that we may share Your Information with Challengers and other potential employers for these purposes, and to pay Rewards in the event that your Solution is chosen as the Winning Solution by a Challenger. MindSumo reserves the right to share Your Information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law. In exceptionally rare circumstances where national, state or company security may be at issue, MindSumo reserves the right to share our entire database of visitors and Users with appropriate governmental authorities. We may also provide Your Information to a third party in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this website to which the information relates. We may also share Your Information with our corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Areas of this Site that collect Your Information use industry standard secure socket layer encryption (SSL); however, to take advantage of this your browser must support encryption protection. We take reasonable steps to protect Your Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us. 

**Links to Other Web Sites** This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by us (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that we endorse or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. 

**Exclusions:** This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of Your Information collected by us other than Your Information collected through the Site. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through this Site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as public forums (collectively, "Public Areas"), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. 

**Notices and Revisions** Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice may change also. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any of Your Information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. 
