> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mindspark.in privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420192051id_/http%3A//mindspark.in/privacyPolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mindspark: Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy and Disclaimer**

Educational Initiatives Pvt. Ltd, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India - 380054. “EI”, provides www.mindspark.in, an online adaptive learning service. In this Privacy Policy, references to “we” or “us” mean EI, “you” mean any person submitting any data to us or our agent or the Site. If you have any comments or suggestions, we would be pleased to receive them at our Ahmedabad address or by emailing us at mindspark@ei-india.com Data protection is a matter of trust and your privacy is important to us. We shall therefore only use your name and other information which relates to you in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will only collect information where it is necessary for us to do so and we will only collect information if it is relevant to our dealings with you. You can visit the Site and browse without having to provide personal details. But that may affect the quality of desired result of your service usage. During your visit to the Site without logging-in, you remain anonymous and at no time can we identify you unless you have an account on the Site and can log on with your user name and password. 

|    
  
**Data that we collect**

We may collect varied information if you seek to place an order for our offering from the Site. We collect and process your data for processing your request on the Site and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect your personal information, contact details, payment details, payment card details or bank account details etc. We need this information in order to allow you to go ahead with placing your request and use our offering. We may use that data to process payment as well as for further services. Where visitors are required to divulge any personal information on the site, EI shall take reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of such information. However, EI does not assume any liability in case of any direct or indirect loss, injury, claim, liability or damages of any kind whatsoever arising on account of divulgence of such personal information by the visitor. Information that will typically be shared will be related to login id and related information thereto. We may pass your name and address on to a third party in order to provide Mindspark, in case if it is required to execute the service delivery in efficient manner, or for collection of payments on our behalf. We may also use your data in order to manage the Site, collect payment from you, enable you to subsequently use parts of the Site, detect any fraud or Site abuses, send you information relevant to the Site or our offerings, and in case we have any queries. You must only submit to us or our agent or the Site information which is accurate and not misleading and you must keep it up to date and inform us of changes. You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorized third parties. We cannot assume any liability for misuse of passwords. We shall not share any of your personal information with third parties without your explicit consent. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and we only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. We view protection of your privacy as a very important community principle. We store and process Your Information on computers located any part of the World that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. We may use third party software/ portal to verify and certify details. If you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way please do not use the site. Under no circumstances do we rent, trade or share your personal information that we have collected with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. We reserve the right to communicate your personal information to any third party that makes a legally-compliant request for its disclosure.   
  
**Payment Gateway and Jurisdiction**

Payments that you make through the Site will be processed by a third party payment gateway and our company Educational Initiatives Pvt. Ltd., a company registered in India. We use standard and authorized payment gateway services. All disputes would be handled by Arbitration proceedings as decided by EI and will be subject to jurisdiction of Ahmedabad courts   
  
**Other uses of your personal information**

We may use your personal information for learning analysis. Your details are anonymous and will only be used for statistical purposes in mindspark.in. Any answers to feedback or opinion polls mindspark.in may ask you to complete could be forwarded on to third parties. We may also send you other information about us, the Site, our other websites, promotions, our newsletters, anything relating to other companies in our group or our business partners. If you would prefer not to receive any of this additional information as detailed in this paragraph (or any part of it) please click the “unsubscribe” link in any email that we send to you. Within 7 working days (days which are neither (i) a Saturday or Sunday, nor (ii) a public holiday anywhere in India) of receipt of your instruction we will cease to send you information as requested   
  
**Third Parties and Links**

We may pass your details to other companies in our group. We may also pass your details to our agents and subcontractors to help us with any of our uses of your data set out in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to assist us with service delivery to you, to help us to collect payments from you, to analyze data and to provide us with marketing or customer service assistance. We may exchange information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may transfer our databases containing your personal information if we sell our business or part of it. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law. The Site may contain advertising of third parties and links to other sites or frames of other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties or other sites, nor for any third party to whom we transfer your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  
  
**Cookies**

The acceptance of cookies is not a requirement for visiting the Site. However we would like to point out that the some functionality on the Site is only possible with the activation of cookies. Cookies are tiny text files which identify your computer to our server as a unique user when you visit certain pages on the Site and they are stored by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can be used to recognize your Internet Protocol address, saving you time while you are on, or want to enter, the Site. We only use cookies for your convenience in using the Site (for example to remember who you are when you want to amend your shopping cart without having to re-enter your email address) and not for obtaining or using any other information about you (for example targeted advertising). Your browser can be set to not accept cookies, but this would restrict your use of the Site. Please accept our assurance that our use of cookies are free from viruses. EI, on its own discretion, use technology from Google Analytics through which data is collected and stored for marketing and optimization purposes and data use profiles are prepared under a pseudonym. Cookies may be used for this. The cookies enable recognition of the Internet browser. The data collected with these technologies is not used, without separate authorization by the person concerned, to personally identify the visitors to this website and is not collated with personal data on the pseudonym holder. The permission for data recording and storage may at any time be cancelled with on-going effect.   
  
**Security**

We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to prevent unauthorised or unlawful access to or accidental loss of or destruction or damage to your information. When we collect data through the Site, we collect your personal details on a secure third party server. You are strongly recommended not to send full credit or debit card details in unencrypted electronic communications with us. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of your information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. You are responsible for protecting against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer.  
  
**Consent**

By submitting data to us or our agent or using the Site, you consent to our use of your data in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy  
  
**Copyright**

We have copyright over this Privacy Policy. Use by third parties, even by way of extract, for commercial purposes is not allowed. Infringements may be subject to legal action. This Policy can change at any time to include / exclude clauses in any manner as it may deem fir. Any change or revision so effected will be posted on site and EI/ mindspark.in does not bear responsibility for updating Users on the same. 
