> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mindtouch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121105173350id_/http%3A//www.mindtouch.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MindTouch

Thank you for your interest in the MindTouch website located at www.mindtouch.com (the “Website”) and the services (the “Services”) offered through the Website.  The Website and the Services are operated and owned by MindTouch, Inc. (“MindTouch,” “we,” “our”, or “us”).

We respect our users’ (“users”, “you” or “your”) privacy.  This privacy policy, lets you know how information that MindTouch receives or collects from You is processed, disclosed and used.  This Privacy Policy only governs the Website and the Services but does not govern third party websites or the off-line data collection, disclosure and usage practices of MindTouch, including information received from you other than through this Website.  By using the Website and/or the Services, you acknowledge your consent to this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms, do not use the website.

## What Information Do We Collect and Why?

### Anonymous User Information

**Cookies**. We use a feature of Internet web browsers called “cookies”.  Cookies are generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you visit practically any website on the Internet.  Cookies enable us to remember users, to store user preferences and to track user trends in general.  We use cookies to improve the quality of the Services we offer and to better understand how users interact with the Website.  In some secured areas of the Website, cookies are required to associate you with your personal information stored in our systems.  We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve individual personally identifying information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information.  You can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the Website or Services we offer may not function properly.

**Anonymous Information**. We collect anonymous information about all our users each time they visit the Website so that we can understand how people are using the Website and/ or the Services and improve the overall quality of our users’ online experience.  We record the date and time of your visit, the page you visited, track your path through the Website, your IP address, the Internet service provider you are using, referral data, the type of browser you are using and the type of operating system you are using.  You do not have to register with us before we can collect this anonymous information.

### Personally Identifying Information

**Unique Information**. We do not collect any unique personally identifying information about you such as your name, email address or any other contact information, except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information.

**Account Information**. We do not require you to provide your personally identifying information in order for you to access, open or browse the Website.  However, certain Services and parts of our Website require that you provide personally identifying information about yourself.  Under those circumstances, you will be fully notified of what information we will be collecting and for what purpose.

**Financial Information**. If you are using a Service that requires a fee, or in circumstances in which you are to receive a payment, we may collect your financial information such as your credit card or other payment information.  We may record your service confirmations, usage statistics and payment history for accounting purposes.

**Contact Information**. We may use your email address or other contact information you provide to notify you of changes to the Services, to correspond with you about any questions or concerns you have brought to our attention and to notify you of any financial obligations you have to us.  You may also receive automated messages regarding the Services.

**Correspondence**. If you contact us to provide feedback, comments or inputs or for any other reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence and collect your personal information to process your enquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.

## With Whom Do We Share Information and What Do We Share?

**Financial Information**. If you order any Services that require the payment of a fee, we transmit your financial information to our financial service providers and banks for processing.  If we ever encounter a problem with your payments, we may review the information with you, our financial service providers and our bank to resolve the issue.

**Aggregated General Information**. We may share aggregated general information about our Website and Services with our corporate partners, investors, advertisers or others.  Aggregate general information includes without limitation the number of users of the Website or any Service, revenue including payments by, or to, the users, usage statistics.  Aggregated general information does not include any personally identifying information that could be used to contact or identify you.

**Personally Identifying Information.  **We may only share personally identifying information with third parties in the following limited circumstances:

  * With your prior consent.
  * We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf.  When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions, in compliance with this privacy policy and with appropriate confidentiality and security measures in place.
  * When we have a good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to: (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, court order, legal process or enforceable government request, or (b) ensure compliance with applicable terms of service or agreements including investigation of any potential violations, or (c) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
  * We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the United States or Canada or any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your country.
  * We may use third party service providers to serve ads and emails on our behalf.  These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to the Website so that we can provide a better experience to you.



## Information Security

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, users’ information.  We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the Services.  Your financial information and passwords are stored in encrypted format for increased security.  Our servers are protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities to further increase security.  While no computer is 100% safe from outside attacks, we believe that the steps we have taken to protect your personal information drastically reduce the likelihood security problems to a level appropriate to the type of information involved.

## Third Party Information Gathering

Our website may contain content and advertisements hosted on third party websites.  These third party websites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data, solicit personal information or perform user activity tracking other than that described herein.  For more information about each third party content provider, cookies, and how to “opt-out”, please refer to such third party privacy policy.   In other words, our website may contain links to other websites.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifying information.  This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website.

## Children’s Privacy

The Website and Services are not intended for children under the age of 13.  If you are a child under the age of 13 please do not submit any information to the Website.  We do not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 13 years old nor do we knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years old with third parties.

## Change of Control

In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to the Website or Service, or if we experience some other change of control event, we reserve the right to include any or all stored personal information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.

## Users Outside the United States

We make the Website available for users primarily located in the United States of America.   You understand and agree that this privacy policy may not comply with foreign laws.

## Changes to Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.  We may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on the Website.  Please check the Website regularly for information about revisions to this Privacy Policy.  In the event that we change our Privacy Policy, such changes will affect all of the information we collect after any such change.  If you object to the change to our Privacy Policy, then you must contact us in writing regarding your objection.

## Questions and Comments

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please can contact us at [webmaster@mindtouch.com](mailto:webmaster@mindtouch.com).
