> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the miniwebtool.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191209024522id_/https%3A//miniwebtool.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At Miniwebtool.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit Miniwebtool.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

## Log Files

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP(internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site(such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. In particular, Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie to enable it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google advertising opt-out page](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

## Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## No spam, spyware or spoofing

Miniwebtool.com never sends email SPAM to your inbox and never installs spyware on your personal computer. We share your concern about these practices and believes firmly in a consumer's rights and privacy.

## External Links

If any part of this website links you to other sites, those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.

## How you can contact us

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us via [our Contact Us page](https://web.archive.org/about/contact/).
