> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wyndhamrewards.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081219000428id_/http%3A//www.wyndhamrewards.com/services/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wyndham Rewards

| 

Great rewards are in the cards! 

Redeem points for your choice of $25, $50, or $100 gift cards to go shopping, dine out, catch a movie, and more.   
  
---  
  
**WYNDHAM HOTEL GROUP, LLC  
CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY  
AND INFORMATION PRACTICES STATEMENT **  
Revised September 2008

 **Introduction.** Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC, (“WHG”), a subsidiary of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation (“WWC”), is the parent company of Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, LLC., Ramada Worldwide Inc., Days Inns Worldwide, Inc., Super 8 Worldwide, Inc., Wingate Inns International, Inc., Baymont Franchise Systems, Inc., Hawthorn Suites Franchising, Inc. REF, Howard Johnson International, Inc., Travelodge Hotels, Inc., Knights Franchise Systems, Inc. and AmeriHost Franchise Systems, Inc. (collectively, the "Franchisors") which license the Wyndham®, Ramada®, Days Inn®, Super 8®, Wingate® by Wyndham, Baymont Inn & Suites®, Hawthorn Suites®, Howard Johnson®, Travelodge®, Knights Inn® and AmeriHost Inn® hotel systems (collectively, the "Brands") to independently owned hotels (“Franchisees”). Travel Rewards, Inc., the sponsor of the Wyndham RewardsSM guest loyalty program, is also a wholly owned subsidiary of WHG. Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, LLC, one of the Franchisors, is the sponsor of the Wyndham ByRequest® guest loyalty program. In this Privacy Policy WHG, the Franchisors, Wyndham Vacation Resorts, each of their affiliates, the Brands, Wyndham Rewards and Wyndham ByRequest, may be referred to collectively, as “Wyndham”, “we”, “us” or “our.” Wyndham Rewards, Wyndham ByRequest, and any successor or additional guest loyalty programs may collectively be referred to as “Loyalty Programs.”

We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of individual-specific (personally identifiable) information collected about guests, callers to our central reservation centers, visitors to our Web sites, and members participating in our Loyalty Programs (collectively "Customers"). Examples of individual-specific information ("Information") are described in the Section, "What is Individual Specific Information?" We have adopted this Customer Privacy Policy to guide how we utilize Information about our Customers. This Policy will evolve and change as we continue to study privacy issues.

 **Application.** This policy applies to residents of the United States, hotels of our Brands located in the United States, and Loyalty Program activities in the United States only. We do not accept the jurisdiction of any other laws over the above. This policy also applies only to our Customers. We have a separate policy governing any internet sites or extranet sites accessible only to the Franchisees and/or Brands.

 **Purpose.** Our purpose in establishing this policy is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using Information with our Customers' reasonable expectations of privacy. Our intent is to bring you offers and discounts that we believe are relevant to your interests. We believe that our Customers benefit from promotional activity based on Customer Information employed to market goods and services offered by and through us and our other affiliates and business units. For more information on our affiliates, check the WWC corporate Web site, [www.wyndhamworldwide.com.](http://www.wyndhamworldwide.com/)

 **Security.** We collect Information only in a manner deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes and comply with our legal obligations. We safeguard our Customers' personally identifiable information by using industry standard practices. Although "guaranteed security" does not exist either on or off the Internet, we make commercially reasonable efforts to make our collection of such Information consistent with all applicable laws and regulations.

Currently, our Web sites utilize a variety of different security measures designed to protect personally identifiable information from unauthorized access by users both inside and outside of our company, including the use of 128-bit encryption based on a Class 3 Digital Certificate issued by Verisign Inc. This allows for utilization of Secure Sockets Layer, which is a method for encrypting data. This protects confidential information - such as credit card numbers, online forms, and financial data - from loss, misuse, interception and hacking.

We take commercially reasonable efforts to create and maintain "fire walls" and other appropriate safeguards to ensure that to the extent we control the Information, the Information is used only as authorized by  us and consistent with this Policy, and that the Information is not improperly altered or destroyed. Our privacy protection practices help us to maintain accurate, timely, complete and relevant information for our business purposes. Our communication system, software and database practices have been designed to aid us in supporting authenticity, integrity and confidentiality. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain data security when data is transmitted through third party communication service providers, we do not warrant the security of data during such transmission.

Third party Web sites that are accessed through links, banners and other means of electronic connection on our Web sites have separate privacy and data collection practices, and security measures. We have no control over these third party Web sites and no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by third parties on their Web sites. These third party Web sites have content, advertising, banners, links, sponsors, partners and connections over which we have no control and no responsibility. We encourage you to contact these third parties to ask questions about their terms of use, privacy practices, policies and security measures before disclosing personal information on linked Web sites. We do not endorse or approve the content, terms of use, privacy policy, advertising or sponsors of any linked Web site.

Please click on this link [Feedback/Opt out](https://web.archive.org/services/privacy/#PTP_070209_12351673_RAN1U) to give us your feedback about this Policy or opt out of further communications from us.

 **The Internet.** On our Web sites we do not collect personally identifiable information from Customers unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. When you reserve a room with us we will capture information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number to process your reservation. The primary purpose of capturing your e-mail address when you make a reservation with us is to send you a reservation confirmation. The confirmation may contain additional offers that we believe may be of interest to you, based on the information you provide to us. If you have consented to be put on our e-mail lists, we may contact you via e-mail from time to time. You will always be provided with a way to opt-out of future e-mailings.  However we will continue to send e-mails to confirm your reservations.  Like many other Internet sites, we automatically collect certain non-personal information regarding our Customers, such as software client information (for example, IP addresses, browser versions and operating systems) and aggregate information (for example, number of pages accessed) in order to analyze Web traffic and usage trends, and to enable us to tailor content and services to provide a better fit to our Customers' needs. Information of this nature does not pertain to your specific identity and is not associated with your personal information.

Our Web sites have hyperlinks that connect the Customer to other Web sites, some of which are not affiliated with or controlled by us. Once you leave our Web sites, each new Web site you visit may have its own privacy policy and terms of use. Your interaction with these sites will not be governed by this policy or the terms of use of our Web sites.  Access to and use of such linked Web sites through links provided on this Web site is governed by the privacy policies and terms of use and policies of those Web sites.

 **Cookies.** We may place a "cookie" on your web browser. A cookie is a very small text file that is sent to a Customer's browser from a web server and stored on the Customer's computer hard drive. It assigns the computer a unique identifier. The cookie stores information on your hard drive so we can communicate with you more efficiently, respond to you based on prior sessions at which you provided information about you or your preferences to us and understand what you prefer to view on our Web sites. We do not use cookies to store passwords or credit card information. Cookies do not tell us your individual identity unless you have chosen to provide it to us.

Your browser may be set to allow you to be notified when a cookie is to be placed on your browser, decline the cookie or delete cookies that have been placed on your browser. Some functions of our Web sites may not work or may work slowly if a cookie is refused.

Our Web site uses third party service providers to serve and host our advertisements. These third parties may place cookies on your computer if you click on or access the advertising.

The third party cookies are used to track whether the site was accessed from the advertisement. The cookies generated from the advertisements do not contain personally identifiable information. We do not control these cookies and they may not follow the rules we have set for our own cookies.

We and our third party ad server also use invisible pixels, sometimes called web beacons, on our Web site to count how many people visit certain web pages. Information collected from invisible pixels is used and reported in the aggregate without the use of a Customer's personally identifiable information. This information may be used to improve marketing programs and content and to target our Internet advertisements on our site and other Web sites. For more information about our third party ad server, or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to serve ads to you, please [read a brief overview of our third party ad server's Privacy Policy](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx).

 **The Information We Collect.** If you make a reservation through our central reservation center or a Brand Web site or if you join one of our Loyalty Programs, we will collect and store your name, address and other basic information about you for the purpose of reserving the hotel accommodations or making the Loyalty Program benefits available to you.  If you make a hotel reservation directly with a Brand Franchisee, state law in many states requires  the hotel operator to collect and retain your name, address, telephone number and other basic  information solicited on the hotel registration card and make it available to law enforcement officers. Our hotel operators send this information, as well as e-mail address and transaction detail (what goods and services were charged on the hotel bill) to our enterprise data warehouse or other data storage facility for collection and storage (the “Data Warehouse”).  In addition, we obtain personally identifiable information from third party sources that are obligated to comply with applicable privacy laws and append it to the information maintained in the Data Warehouse about you. Credit card numbers used for payment or guarantee are automatically encrypted in our Data Warehouse so that they cannot be easily accessed. We do not collect Social Security or driver's license numbers from Customers.

 **Feedback/Opt out.** We  offer Customers the opportunity to "opt-out" of communications. A customer may elect to opt out of receiving communications by following the directions posted on the e-mail communication or by visiting the Brand or the Loyalty Program Web site, by contacting the Customer Care Department of the Brand that was patronized, or by contacting the Wyndham Rewards® Member Services Department.  However, we will continue to send e-mails to confirm your reservations. Customers can elect to opt out from any of the following: (1) Mail - e-mail (excluding confirmation e-mails) and direct mail; (2) Phone -telephone and fax solicitation; or (3) Contact - all communications including e-mail, direct mail, fax and telephone.  We maintain telephone "do not call" lists as mandated by law. We incorporate into our Data Warehouse "do not call" and "do not mail" lists maintained by other organizations. We process requests to be placed on do not mail, do not phone and do not contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.  Any Customer may opt out of receiving communications by contacting us using the following methods:

By e-mail, [click here to opt out](http://wr.wyndhamrewards.com/WyndhamRewards/control/privacy_policy_inquiry_form).

By phone - 888-564-4487 for AmeriHost Inn; 877-212-2733 for Days Inn; 888-297-2778 for Hawthorn Suites; 877-222-3297 for Howard Johnson; 877-225-5637 for Knights Inn; 877-227-3557 for Ramada Inn; 877-244-7633 for Super 8; 877-321-7653 for Travelodge; 877-333-6683 for Wingate by Wyndham; 800-870-3936 for Baymont Inn;866-850-3070 for Wyndham Hotels and Resorts; and 866-996-7937 for Wyndham Rewards or Wyndham ByRequest.

By mail - Opt Out/Privacy, Hotel Group  
Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC  
1 Sylvan Way  
Parsippany, NJ 07054

We also invite your feedback and comments on this Policy. Please contact us at the e-mail address or telephone number above or by writing to us at: Privacy Policy Inquiry.   Wyndham Hotel Group, 1 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ 07054.

 **Reservations.** When a Customer calls our reservation centers or contacts us via the Internet, fax or other means about hotel reservations, we need certain information such as name, address and telephone number to respond to the inquiry and to make the reservation. This information is sent to the hotel where the reservation is also recorded. A credit card number is necessary to guarantee the reservation past a certain time. The franchisee will charge the credit card account of a Customer who fails to arrive and fails to cancel the reservation in a timely manner. Franchisees may impose other conditions on the reservation such as minimum length of stay, advance deposit and other terms of the contract. A Customer should always ask for and record a confirmation number when making, changing or canceling a reservation. Information collected as part of the reservation process is used as this Policy describes whether or not the Customer actually utilizes the hotel reservation. The Franchisor may, but is under no obligation to, contact Customers with reservations to inform them about changes in the status of the hotel for which the reservations are made and may suggest alternative accommodations.

 **e-mail.** We will ask Customers to submit their e-mail address when they make a hotel reservation with us or enroll in a Loyalty Program. The primary purpose for capturing your e-mail addresses when you make a reservation with us is to send you a reservation confirmation. Our confirmations may contain additional offers based on information you provide and your destination. The primary purpose for capturing your e-mail address when you enroll in a Loyalty Program is to send you on-line account statements. Whether Customers provide their e-mail address to us in order to make a hotel reservation or to enroll in a Loyalty Program, they may consent to receive e-mail offers from or through us, the Brands and our other affiliates. We may also collect Customer e-mail addresses and share them with our third party service providers for purposes of conducting consumer research and surveys as more fully described below. Customers will always have the ability to opt-out of future e-mail communications; however, we will continue to send e-mails to confirm your reservations.

It is our intent to only send e-mail communications (other than confirmation e-mails and e-surveys) to Customers who have consented to receive them and/or to Customers who have permitted third parties to share the Customer's e-mail address for purposes of receiving promotional e-mails. At any time a Customer may opt-out of receiving e-mail communications by notifying us as provided in the Feedback/Opt-Out section above.

We currently use third party e-mail service providers to send e-mails. This service provider is prohibited from using our Customer's e-mail address for any purpose other than to send Brand related e-mail.

 **SWEEPSTAKES/CONTESTS:**  
Occasionally we run sweepstakes and contests. We ask Customers who enter in the sweepstakes or contest to provide contact information (like an e-mail address). If a Customer participates in a sweepstakes or contest, his/her contact information may be used to reach him/her about the sweepstakes or contest, and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes. All  sweepstakes/contests entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt-out of any communication from the sweepstake's/contest's administrator that is not related to awarding prizes for the sweepstake/contest.

 **DIRECT MAIL/OUTBOUND TELEMARKETING:**  
Customers who supply us with Information, or whose Information we obtain from third parties, may receive periodic mailings or phone calls from us with information on our products and services or upcoming special offers/events.

We offer our Customers the option to decline these communications. Customers may contact us to opt-out of such communications by notifying us as provided in the Feedback/Opt-Out section above.

 **RESEARCH / SURVEY SOLICITATIONS:**  
From time to time we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will only be used for research and reporting purposes to help us to better serve Customers by learning more about their needs and the quality of guest experience at our hotels and/or their experience with the Loyalty Programs. We may contact a Customer to inquire or survey him/her about his experience with a Loyalty Program or a Brand hotel visited and the prospect of future stays or the improvements needed to attract additional business from the Customer.  The survey responses may also be used to determine the effectiveness of our Web sites, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities.

If a Customer participates in a survey, the information given by the Customer will be used along with that of other study participants (for example, a Franchisor might report that 50% of a survey's respondents are males). We  may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.

Participation in surveys is voluntary.  Participants who do not wish to receive e-mail communications may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by notifying us as provided in the Feedback/Opt-Out section above. 

 **What is Individual Specific Information?** Individual-specific or personally identifiable information is any information or data about a Customer that in itself, or as part of a unique combination of information, specifically recognizes the Customer by a unique identifier or descriptor. Examples of individual-specific include name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, employment status, credit card type and number, and other financial information.

 **What We Won't Do With Customer Information.** We will not:

1. Sell or rent Information to parties outside the Wyndham family of present or former companies (not including businesses  that entered into long term contracts with us to obtain Customer Information, such as the Affinion Loyalty Group, or that entered into such contracts  while a part of the Wyndham family and which later leave the family), our franchisees and affiliates, or allow our affiliates to sell or rent the Information to parties outside the Wyndham family of present and former companies, franchisees and affiliates;

2. Use the Customer Information we collect and store to make decisions about granting or extending consumer credit unless the Customer submits a separate credit application and authorizes us to use or disclose this information;

3. Act as a consumer reporting agency, or furnish information about any Customer's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living to any consumer reporting agency;

4. Maintain in our Data Warehouse any Information about any Customer on billing, collection or payment disputes with any franchisee, creditor or  affiliate; 

 **What We Will Do With Customer Information.** We will:

1. Use Customer Information to solicit additional hotel stays at the same hotel and other locations of the Brand, participation in the Loyalty Program, and to offer goods and services  we believe may be of interest to Customers on behalf of ourselves, other non-hotel business units, our affiliates and former affiliates.   For Customers who are Loyalty Program members, these solicitations may include offers from third party merchants that provide point earning or reward redemption opportunities in connection with the Program (“Loyalty Program Participants”).  With Loyalty Program members’ consent, we may provide their Customer information to the Loyalty Program Participants for purposes of them directly offering their goods and services to the members. 

2. Include information about Customers gathered from other sources we believe to be reliable to identify our Customers more thoroughly and update Information we store and provide to third parties when the information changes, such as changes of address or new credit card expiration dates 

3. Provide the name, address, telephone number and transaction Information, including payment method, about Customers to our and the Loyalty Programs’ designated affinity credit card issuer(s) for use in the preselection process for the credit cards;

4. Create and use aggregate Customer data that is not personally identifiable to understand more about the common traits and interests of our Customers;

5. Use Customer Information to enforce a contract with us or a Franchisee or any Terms of Use of our Web sites, or provide access or disclosures that we believe in good faith are required to comply with applicable law (See Compliance with Law in this Policy);

6. Provide information on corporate credit card usage to the corporate card issuer or holder Customer directly or through third parties;

7. Transfer Customer Information to the party that acquires the business or assets to which the information relates.

8. Transfer and disclose Customer Information to our affiliates and subcontractors who administer the Loyalty Programs on our behalf or as we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve services.

 **Our Franchisees.** Each Brand hotel is owned and operated by an independent Franchisee that is neither owned nor controlled by us or our affiliates. Each Franchisee collects Customer Information and uses the Information for its own purposes. We do not control the use of this Information or access to the Information by the Franchisee and its associates. The Franchisee is the merchant who collects and processes credit card information and receives payment for the hotel services. The Franchisee is subject to the merchant rules of the credit card processors it selects, which establish its card security rules and procedures. This policy does not apply to a Franchisee's Web site. Franchisees may also use e-mail campaigns and other methods of telephone, electronic, and direct mail solicitation without our consent or knowledge and are solely responsible for their content and methods of identifying and contacting addressees.

 **Other Disclosures/Compliance with Law.** We may be obligated to disclose Information about you to a law enforcement agency or by a court order, or under the discovery process in litigation, investigations, and prosecutions. We may provide Information to assist a Franchisee to enforce a contact you may have breached. We may also disclose information voluntarily to cooperate with law enforcement agencies in matters of national security. We may ask certain questions to comply with certain laws if you reside outside the United States or meet certain other criteria established by law or executive order. Unless otherwise prohibited by law or our contractual obligations, we may disclose personal information if required to do so by law, court order, or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, or in good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. Situations may include: to perform, maintain or enforce contracts with our Customers, to protect the rights or properties of our Franchisees, affiliates and business partners, our Customers or others, or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing or who may be threatening to cause interference with or damage to our rights properties, or the hotels in our Brands, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.

 **Correction.** We make repeated efforts to verify the accuracy of Information and to correct and update our database from Information available to us. In the event a Customer believes that such Information held by us is inaccurate or outdated, we will, upon notification and sufficient time for verification,  take all reasonable steps to correct any inaccuracy or update outdated information of which we are made aware.

 **Downloading.** Please feel free to download or copy this Policy. You may obtain a copy free of charge by writing to us at Customer Privacy Policy, Wyndham Hotel Group, 1 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ 07054.

 **Policy Changes.** The Policy in effect at the time of each visit to a Brand Web site applies to that visit. However, we may change or terminate this Policy at any time without prior notice by posting an amended version of the Policy on our Web site and providing you with the ability to opt out of any new, unanticipated uses of Information not previously disclosed in the Policy.  Please check our Policy each time you visit our Web site or more frequently if you are concerned about how your Information will be used.

 **CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please submit a [Privacy Policy Inquiry Form](http://wr.wyndhamrewards.com/WyndhamRewards/control/privacy_policy_inquiry_form) or write to us at "Opt Out/ Privacy, Hotel Group, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, 1 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ 07054" with a reference to California Disclosure Information.

We will respond to such written requests within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.

 **TRAVEL REWARDS, INC.**

 **About This Policy.** Our purpose in establishing this Policy is to advise you of the policies and information practices we follow incollecting, storing, using and disclosing Personal Information. This Policy is designed in a manner that recognizes both the right of privacy of individuals with respect to their Personal Information and our need to collect, use ordisclose such Personal Information for purposes that a reasonable person wouldconsider appropriate under the circumstances.

When Personal Information is sent by Wyndham Brands and Program Participants to us, it will be treated in accordance with this policy as described below.

This is our Privacy Policy for Canada online and offline. For our U.S. Member Privacy Policy, [click here](https://web.archive.org/services/privacy/#PTP_070209_12244377_9C1YU).

 **Consent/Opt-Out.** Except as otherwise permitted or required by law, we will not collect, use, or disclose your Personal Information without your consent. Generally, by providing us with your Personal Information, you are communicating your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of suchinformation for the purposes for which you provided the information to us, and as described in this Policy. However, you will, at the point of collection of the Personal Information, and from time to time thereafter, be given the option of "opting out" of or "opting in" to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information for certain other purposes by signing a form, checking a box on a form, clicking on an icon (or via a similar electronic method) on our websites, or by contacting us as described below. If you do not want us to collect your Personal Information or use it for purposes other than as necessary to fulfil your request, please use the "opt out" option so that your information is not collected or used. If you have submitted Personal Information to us and wish to later opt out or withdraw your consent to its retention, use or disclosure, please contact us using the methods described below. You may opt out or withdraw your consent, subject to legal or contractual restrictions, at any time and on reasonable notice.

 **Contacting Us.** A Member may also contact us through the methods stated below for a number of other purposes, including: (1) to opt-out of communications as described in "Consent/Opt-Out" above; (2) to receive information or special offers; (3) to provide feedback and comments on this Policy; (4) to request access to or correction of the Member's Personal Information; and (5) to make inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy and/or privacy practices:

 **The Information We Collect.** As part of the enrollment process for the Program, we must collect and store names and addresses, and other basic information that we solicit from you in order to make the Program benefits available to you. We will also collect certain transactional information from Wyndham Brands and Program Participants (e.g. what credit card purchases were made from these entities) in connection with administering the Program. In addition, we will collect and store optional information that you choose to provide to us for the purposes described under "How We Use Your Personal Information", including Personal Information submitted by visitors to the Wyndham RewardsSM website.

 **How We Use Your Personal Information.** With your consent, we may use your Personal Information for various purposes as described below. Except as otherwise permitted or required by law, or as may otherwise be noted in this Policy, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of or opt in to use of your Personal Information for secondary purposes when Personal Information is collected, and at any time thereafter by contacting us as described in the Consent/Opt-Out section. We may use third party service providers to perform services on our behalf, and we provide Personal Information to such providers solely for the specific services that they are performing. These service providers are prohibited from using or disclosing Personal Information for any other purpose.

 **Limiting Collection, Use, Disclosure and Retention.** We collect, use and disclose Personal Information only to the extent necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and as required or permitted by law.

Your Personal Information is retained only as long as is necessary to fulfill those purposes, subject to reasonable legal limitations periods, statutory or regulatory retention requirements and legitimate business requirements.

 **Security.** We endeavour to protect your Personal Information using physical, electronic or procedural security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information in our control. These measures include safeguards to protect Personal Information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use and modification. Credit card numbers that we collect in connection with the Program are automatically encrypted in Wyndham's Data Warehouse so that they cannot be easily accessed.

We safeguard our Members' Personal Information on the Internet by using industry-standard practices. Although "guaranteed security" does not exist either on or off the Internet, we make commercially reasonable efforts to make the collection and security of such information consistent with our Privacy Policy and all applicable laws and regulations. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards as appropriate to safeguard your Personal Information. Access to your Personal Information is restricted to those Wyndham (including its affiliates) or TRI employees, agents and third party service providers who need such access to do their jobs and to fulfill the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected.

Currently, our website utilizes a variety of different security measures designed to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access by users both inside and outside Wyndham, including the use of encryption mechanisms (e.g., Secure Socket Layers or SSLs) and authentication mechanisms (e.g., digital certificates) This helps maintain the confidentiality, privacy, and integrity of transactions, and also helps to protect confidential information - such as credit card numbers, online forms, and financial data - from loss, misuse, interception and hacking.

We take all commercially reasonable efforts to create and maintain "firewalls" and other appropriate safeguards to ensure that, to the extent TRI and Wyndham controls the Personal Information, the Personal Information is used, accessed and disclosed only as authorized by TRI or Wyndham consistent with this Policy, and to prevent unauthorized modification or destruction. Our information protection practices and processes help us to maintain accurate, timely, complete and relevant information for our business purposes. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain data security when data is transmitted through third party communication service providers, we do not warrant the security of data during such transmission.

 **The Internet.** On the Wyndham RewardsSM website we do not collect Personal Information from Members unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. If you provide us with your e-mail address, we may use it to send Wyndham RewardsSM offers to you. In addition, you can sign up to receive email offers from Wyndham Brands and Program Participants. Wyndham RewardsSM, Wyndham Brands and/or Program Participants may contact you via e-mail from time to time if you have asked to be put on their respective mailing lists. You will always be provided with a way to opt-out of future e-mailings. Information provided on the Internet is treated the same as that collected offline, and we will only use it for other purposes, such as contests, promotions or surveys, where the Member has consented as described above.

 **Compliance with Laws.** We may be permitted or required by law to collect, use or disclose Personal Information about you without your consent for certain purposes or under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to, disclosure to a law enforcement agency, response to a court order, under the discovery process in litigation and prosecution, or collecting a debt which you owe to us.

 **Correction/Access.** We make efforts to ensure the accuracy of Personal Information we use to fulfil your requests and for purposes for which you have consented, and to correct and update our database as necessary for the stated purpose. In the event a Member notifies us that such Personal Information held by TRI or Wyndham is inaccurate or outdated, TRI or Wyndham, where appropriate and upon notification and sufficient time for verification, will take all reasonable steps to correct any inaccuracy or update outdated information of which we are made aware. In addition, we will update Personal Information we store and provide it to the third parties described in this Policy when you indicate the information has changed, such as changes of address or e-mail address, (a) in response to your request and/or (b) in order to fulfill the purpose for which such Personal Information was collected, and/or as otherwise required by law. You may request access to your Personal Information in our possession by writing to us at the address provided above. We establish and maintain a file of Personal Information for each Member. Your file will be kept at Wyndham RewardsSM Member Services, P.O. Box 1049, Trumbull,CT 06611 and only authorized employees, agents and third party service providers of TRI and Wyndham who require access to your Personal Information to fulfil their job requirements will have access to your file. If you wish to access your file or make corrections to it, please contact us as described above. In some limited circumstances, we may not be able to grant you access to your Personal Information, for example if doing so would threaten the security of another individual.

 **Downloading.** Please feel free to download or make a copy of this Policy. You may obtain a copy free of charge by writing to us at Opt Out/ Privacy, Wyndham RewardsSM Member Services, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, PO Box 4888, Aberdeen, SD 57402-4888 and with a request for the Canadian Member Privacy Policy.

 **Policy Changes.** We may change or terminate this Policy atany time without prior notice. We will post any Policy changes to our websites to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of any new, unanticipated uses of Personal Information not previously disclosed in the Policy. Any such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of our website and/or provision of your Personal Information after such posting constitutes your acceptance of these changes. Please check our Policy periodically, or contact us as described above, if you are concerned about how your Personal Information will be used. This Policy was last updated on December, 2003.

 **TRAVEL REWARDS, INC.**

 **À propos de la présente politique.** L'objectif de la présente Politique est de vous faire connaître les politiques et les pratiques enmatière d’information que nous utilisons relativement à la collecte, à laconservation, à l'utilisation et à la divulgation des Renseignements personnels.Cette Politique a été conçue de manière à reconnaître le droit des personnes àla confidentialité de leurs Renseignements personnels, tout comme notre besoinde recueillir, d'utiliser ou de divulguer lesdits Renseignements personnels àdes fins que toute personne raisonnable jugerait appropriées en l'occurrence.

Les Renseignements personnels qui nous seront envoyés parles Marques Wyndham et les Participants au Programme seront traitésconformément à la présente Politique, de la manière décrite ci-dessous.

La présente Politique de confidentialité porte sur letraitement de l’information en ligne et autre au Canada. Cliquez ici pour connaîtrela Politique de confidentialité propre aux Membres des États-Unis.

 **Consentement et retrait.** Sauf dans la mesure permise ouexigée par la loi, nous ne recueillerons, n'utiliserons ni ne divulguerons vosRenseignements personnels sans votre consentement. De façon générale, le faitde nous fournir vos Renseignements personnels représente un consentement de votrepart à ce que nous recueillions, utilisions et divulguions lesditsrenseignements aux fins initiales pour lesquelles vous avez fourni lesrenseignements, tel que décrit par la présente Politique. Toutefois, lors de lacollecte des Renseignements personnels, et de temps à autre par la suite, vousaurez la possibilité de retirer votre consentement ou de le donner à l'égard dela collecte, de l'utilisation et de la divulgation de vos Renseignementspersonnels en vue de certaines autres utilisations en cochant une case sur unformulaire, en cliquant sur une icône dans l'un de nos sites wWeb (ou ensuivant une autre procédure électronique), ou en communiquant avec nous de lamanière indiquée ci-après. Si vous ne souhaitez pas que nous recueillions etutilisions vos Renseignements personnels à des fins autres que cellesnécessaires pour répondre à votre demande, veuillez utiliser l’option de «retrait » afin d’éviter que vos Renseignements soient recueillis ou utilisés.Si vous désirez retirer votre consentement à l'égard de la conservation, del'utilisation ou de la divulgation de Renseignements personnels déjà fournis,veuillez communiquer avec nous de la manière indiquée ci-après. Vous pouvezchoisir d'exclure vos Renseignements personnels ou de révoquer votreconsentement à leur égard en tout temps, sous réserve de toute contraintelégale ou contractuelle, en nous accordant un délai raisonnable pour accéder àvotre demande.

 **Communications avec nous.** Un Membre peut communiquer avec nous par les méthodes indiquées ci-dessous pour certaines autres raisons, notamment : (1) pour révoquer son consentement à l’égard des communications, tel que stipulé précédemment dans la section « Consentement et retrait »; (2) pour demander des renseignements ou pour profiter d’offres spéciales; (3) pour nous faire part de commentaires à l’égard de la présente Politique; (4) pour obtenir accès à ses Renseignements personnels ou y apporter des corrections; et (5) pour formuler des demandes ou des plaintes à l’égard de notre Politique de confidentialité ou sur nos pratiques en matière d’information :

 **Les renseignements que nous recueillons.** Le processus d’inscription au Programme nous oblige à recueillir et à conserver les noms, les adresses et les autres renseignements de base que nous sollicitons afin de vous offrir les avantages du Programme. Nous recueillerons également, auprès des Marques Wyndham et des Participants au Programme, certains renseignements relatifs aux transactions (i.e. quels achats ont été effectués auprès de ces entités) conjointement à l’administration du Programme. De plus, nous recueillerons et conserverons des renseignements facultatifs que vous aurez choisi de nous fournir aux fins décrites à la rubrique « Utilisation de vos Renseignements personnels », y compris les Renseignements personnels fournis par les visiteurs du site Web Wyndham RewardsMD.

 **Autres utilisations de vos Renseignements personnels.** En plus des utilisations décrites précédemment, nous utiliserons ou divulguerons vos Renseignements personnels dans le cadre de nos activités commerciales générales, dont : (1) l’utilisation des Renseignements personnels pour faire respecter les dispositions d'un contrat avec nous, ou les conditions d'utilisation de nos sites web; (2) la transmission ou la divulgation des Renseignements personnels des Membres aux tiers impliqués dans le financement prévu ou effectif, l’assurance, la vente, la cession ou autre transfert des droits d’usufruits intégraux ou quasi-intégraux des droits de propriété relatifs à l'actif ou aux actions de Wyndham ou de TRI, y compris dans le but de déterminer s’il faut aller de l’avant ou poursuivre une telle transaction ou relation d’affaires ou remplir tout rapport ou toute autre exigence relative aux rapports avec de tels tiers.

 **Restrictions touchant la collecte, l'utilisation, ladivulgation et la rétention des Renseignements personnels.** Nous recueillons,utilisons et divulguons les Renseignements personnels de nos Membres uniquementdans la mesure nécessaire pour la réalisation des objectifs pour lesquels ilsont été recueillis et dans la mesure exigée ou permise par la loi.

Vos Renseignements personnels ne sont conservés que pour lapériode nécessaire auxdites fins, sous réserve de périodes de restrictionlégale raisonnables, d’exigences statutaires ou réglementaires de conservationet d’exigences commerciales légitimes.

 **Sécurité.** Nous nous efforçons de protéger vos Renseignementspersonnels au moyen de mesures de sécurité physiques, électroniques et deprocédures appropriées au niveau de sécurité requis pour les renseignements ennotre possession. Ces mesures comprennent des sauvegardes destinées à protégerles Renseignements personnels contre le vol ou les sinistres, ainsi que l’accèsnon autorisé, la divulgation, la duplication, l’utilisation et la modification.Les numéros de carte de crédit que nous recueillons dans le cadre du Programmesont automatiquement chiffrés dans l’entrepôt de données de Wyndham afin d’enprotéger l’accès.

Nous sauvegardons les Renseignements personnels de nos Membres sur Internet en ayant recours aux pratiques courantes dans l’industrie.Bien qu'il soit impossible de garantir absolument la confidentialité desdonnées, sur Internet ou ailleurs, nous utilisons tous les moyenscommercialement raisonnables pour assurer la conformité de la collecte et de laprotection de ces renseignements aux dispositions de notre Politique deconfidentialité et de toutes les lois et de tous les règlements applicables, etnous employons toutes les mesures physiques, électroniques et procédurales quenous jugeons appropriées pour ce faire. L’accès à vos Renseignements personnelsest limité aux employés de Wyndham (incluant ses filiales) ou de TRI, auxagences et aux fournisseurs qui doivent y avoir accès pour accomplir leurtravail et accomplir les mandats pour lesquels les Renseignements personnelsont été recueillis.

Actuellement, nos sites web utilisent un éventail de mesuresde sécurité conçues pour protéger les Renseignements personnels contre toutaccès non autorisé à l'interne ou à l'externe, y compris le chiffrement (notamment, les couches d’échange sécurisées, ou SSL) et l'authentification (notamment, les certificats numériques) des données. Ces mesures nouspermettent de protéger la confidentialité et l'intégrité des transactions,ainsi que la confidentialité des données telles que les numéros de carte decrédit, les formulaires en ligne et les données financières, contre les pertes,l'utilisation non conforme, l'interception et le piratage.

Nous prenons toutes les mesures commercialement raisonnablespour créer et maintenir des « coupe-feu » et autres outils permettant d'assurerque, dans la mesure où TRI et Wyndham exercent un contrôle sur lesRenseignements personnels, ces renseignements sont utilisés, consultés etdivulgués uniquement lorsque TRI ou Wyndham le permet conformément à laprésente Politique, et de prévenir toute modification ou suppression nonautorisée des données. Grâce à nos pratiques et à nos processus de protectiondes renseignements, nous disposons de renseignements exacts, ponctuels,complets et pertinents pour les besoins de nos activités commerciales. Bien quenous prenions toutes les mesures commercialement raisonnables pour protéger lasécurité des données quand elles sont transmises par des fournisseurs deservices de communication indépendants, nous ne pouvons garantir la sécurité deces données en cours de transmission.

 **Internet.** Sur le site web de Wyndham RewardsMD, nous ne recueillons aucun Renseignement personnel des Membres à moins que nos Membres ne nous les communiquent volontairement et en toute connaissance de cause. Si vous nous fournissez votre adresse de courriel, nous pourrions l’utiliser pour vous envoyer des offres Wyndham RewardsMD. De plus, vous pouvez vous inscrire pour recevoir des offres par courriel des Marques Wyndham et des Partenaires du Programme. Wyndham RewardsMD , les Marques Wyndham et les Partenaires du Programme pourraient communiquer avec vous de temps à autre si vous avez demandé d’apparaître sur leurs listes d’envoi. Il vous sera toujours possible de vous retirer des envois de courriels ultérieurs. Les renseignements recueillis sur Internet sont traités de la même façon que les renseignements recueillis à l’extérieur d’Internet, et ne seront utilisés qu’à d’autres fins telles que des concours, des promotions ou des sondages, dans la mesure où le Membre aura consenti conformément aux dispositions prévues précédemment.

 **Observation des lois.** La loi peut nous permettre ou nous imposer de recueillir, d'utiliser ou de divulguer des Renseignements personnels à votre sujet sans votre consentement à certaines fins ou dans certaines circonstances, y compris sans toutefois y être limité, à des fins de divulgation à un organisme d'application de la loi, de respect d'une ordonnance de la cour, de communication préalable dans le cadre d'un litige ou d'une poursuite en justice, ou de collecte de sommes qui nous sont dues.

 **Corrections et accès.** Nous nous efforçons constamment devérifier l'exactitude des Renseignements personnels que nous détenons et demettre à jour nos bases de données à l'aide des renseignements qui nous sontcommuniquées dans la mesure nécessaire pour l'atteinte des objectifs décritsaux présentes. Si un Membre nous fait savoir que certains Renseignementspersonnels détenus par Wyndham ou par TRI sont inexacts ou périmés, Wyndham ouTRI, lorsque cela est approprié et après avoir vérifié les nouveauxrenseignements, prendra les mesures nécessaires pour apporter les correctifsvoulus ou pour mettre à jour les renseignements périmés. Nous mettrons à jourvos Renseignements personnels dans nos propres dossiers lorsque cesrenseignements changent (par exemple, une nouvelle adresse postale ou decourriel) et fournirons aux tiers identifiés dans la présente Politique cesmises à jour lorsque vous nous en faites la demande, lorsque requis aux finspour lesquelles ces Renseignements personnels ont été recueillis ou lorsquenous y sommes tenus en vertu de la loi.

 **Téléchargement.** Veuillez ne pas hésiter à télécharger ou à reproduire la présente Politique. Vous pouvez obtenir une copie sans frais en nous écrivant à Opt Out/ Privacy, Wyndham RewardsMD Member Services, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, PO Box 4888, Aberdeen, SD 57402-4888 avec une demande pour obtenir la politique de confidentialité touchant les Membres canadiens.

 **Modification de la politique.** Nous nous réservons le droitde modifier ou de supprimer la présente Politique en tout temps sans préavis. Nous afficherons sur nos sites web toute modification apportée à la présentePolitique afin que vous puissiez en prendre connaissance et nous aviser si vousne souhaitez pas que vos Renseignements personnels soient utilisés à toute finnouvelle, non prévue et non divulguée dans la version précédente de laPolitique. De telles modifications prendront effet immédiatement lors de leuraffichage. En continuant d'utiliser nos sites web et de nous fournir desRenseignements personnels à la suite d’un tel affichage, vous signifiezimplicitement votre acceptation de ces modifications. Veuillez consulterpériodiquement la présente Politique ou communiquer avec nous de la manièredécrite ci-dessus si vous avez des questions touchant l'utilisation de vosRenseignements personnels. La dernière mise à jour de la présente Politique aété effectuée en décembre 2003.
