> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saveanalien.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171227133709id_/http%3A//www.playtika.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Playtika

Playtika develops and publishes social games for the web and mobile devices (the “Service”). In this Privacy Policy, “Playtika” refers to Playtika Ltd. and its “Affiliates”, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Playtika as "we" or "us". Playtika is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and provide them a better social gaming experience ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Playtika manages, collects, stores, shares, uses and protects the information you provide in connection with any Playtika game or application whenever you play our games or otherwise access any of our Services, products, content, Playtika.com and/or the other domains provided by Playtika.  

By using the Service, you agree to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want Playtika to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you should not play Playtika’s games or use our Services. Playtika may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and Playtika encourages you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.

## Information Collected

Playtika's primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to enjoy the Service. When you install, play Playtika’s games or access any of our Services, Playtika may automatically receive, collect and record certain information about you, whether through the Services directly or through a third party social network (like Facebook) or other third party services (" **Account Information** ").

## Personal Information

“Personal information” means information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. The personal information types collected in accordance with the Service may vary depending on the activity and may include:

(1) Your first and last name (or the name you have associated with your device);

(2) Your social network or third party service user identification number (like your Facebook ID number), which is linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo (including the social network ID numbers and other public data of your friends);

(3) Your mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID);                                                                                      

(4) Your telephone number;

(5) Transaction identifiers for purchases;

(6) Your email address used to login the social network;

(7) Your profile picture or its URL; or

(8) Any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile.

Additionally, Playtika may acquire information from you through:  
(1) Your access and participation in message boards;  
(2) The contents of your requests to our customer support; or  
(3) Your purchase of virtual items of any type.

If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items in any of our games, our third party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. Playtika does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, Playtika’s payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order.

Playtika may also obtain the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by another party (like Facebook, Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device however does not store it.

Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges, billing practices, third party credits and virtual currencies. Please note that such purchases may also be subject to additional policies of such third party site.

## Non-Personal Information

“Non-personal information” is information that, when taken alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Playtika may collect non-personal information about your use of its Service in the course of your game play. Playtika may also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself which may include but is not limited to:

(1) Your age and date of birth;

(2) Your gender;

(3) Information about the hardware you may own;

(4) Your country;                                                                                                                                         

(5) If applicable, your physical geolocation and that of the devices you use to access our Services;       

(6) Your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; or

(7) Any other information included in your application, social network or other online profile.

If non-personal information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, Playtika may combine your non-personal information with your personal information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the value and quality of the Services, to analyze how its Services are used and to create new features, promotions and functionalities. The Service may also record game play information such as your game session duration or your high scores.

In addition to information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in game chat rooms. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public, and are in your sole discretion.

Other information Playtika may collect includes your occupation, language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where a Service is used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software, platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, statistics about your interactions with the Service, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity, so that Playtika can better understand customer behavior and improve its products, Services, and advertising. Playtika may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that Playtika may use to supplement personal information provided directly by you.

## How Playtika Uses Your Information

Playtika uses your information to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games, to operate, and optimize our Services, to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience, to fulfill your specific requests and purchase orders, and to send you other account-related information. In addition, the personal information you provide will allow Playtika to send you messages regarding, among other things, in-games (in-app) updates, new products, features, enhancements, special and promotional offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. We will keep you informed of your in-game (in-app) activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-game (in-app) status as well as notifications of gifts. You may also later opt out of certain of these communications, as further detailed below.

Playtika may also use personal and non-personal information, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to identify, suggest and enable communication and connections with other Playtika users and personalize our Services to you, to provide technical support and respond to inquiries, to troubleshoot technical problems, to help create a safer and more trusted environment for our players by preventing fraud or potentially illegal activities, to deliver and enforcing our Terms of Service, target and serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce our Terms of Service, to provide in-game (in-app) leader boards and promote in-game (in-app) player achievements, to solicit input and feedback to improve Playtika products and Services and their content, to ensure proper functioning of our products and Services, to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising, to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties and conduct research. In addition, Playtika may combine non-personal information with personal information, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to you. We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional SMS messages ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with parties other than Playtika, in accordance with your marketing preferences. Each Promotional Communication will generally offer you choices about receiving additional messages. You can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional e-mails from Playtika by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any such e-mail, or visiting the e-mail preference page. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective. Note that if you opt-out of our Promotional Communications or other forms of communication, we may still e-mail or communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with information or if we need to request information from you with respect to a transaction initiated by you or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons.

We do not actively share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your consent. We may share (i) aggregated information (information about you and other users collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you); (ii) anonymous information; and (iii) certain technical information (including IP Addresses, MAC Addresses for mobile devices and mobile device IDs) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Service and on the websites of third parties. We may also allow advertisers to collect these and similar types of information within the Service and they may share it with us and/or use it for advertising. Advertisers may collect this information through the use of a variety of tracking technologies, including without limitation, like browser cookies and web beacons. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by ensuring that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience). For iOS devices running version 6 or higher, you may limit in-app advertising by adjusting the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting or resetting the “Advertising Identifier” at any time by visiting your device’s “settings” page. When using other operating systems, such as Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft you may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform and/or applications store operator. Our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymous or aggregated information are not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy Policy. Playtika games or their purchase pages may display an "offer wall" that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by Playtika. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Playtika or a partnering social network. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your user ID number, will be shared with the offer wall provider.

By use of friend finder tools whether directly through the Service or through an social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played, spins and coins) with your social network profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list will be subject to this Privacy Policy. Some messages, such as invites for friends to join you in a game, may include your name and profile photo. The Service supports and may encourage interaction among players. In most Playtika games, if you play through a social network or register through a social network (for example, Facebook Connect), your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. In many Playtika games friends and other players will be able to see your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo, which in certain cases can reveal your social network User ID number. Access to your social network User ID may allow others to view the public information associated with your related social network or Playtika account. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests through the related social network’s communication channels.

If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, Playtika may use the information you provide to administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon you granting Playtika permission to collect, use, store, transmit and display publicly statistical data, such as your scores, rankings and achievements, generated through your participation.

In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely for the purpose stated herein. Playtika will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services depends on why we collected this information and how we use it. We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements. For instance, we may retain some information for a few years after you have closed your account if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend or establish legal rights. If you wish to cancel your account or request that Playtika no longer use your information contact Playtika at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances where Playtika is legally required to retain your information.

## Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices 

By accessing or connecting to the Service through a social network (such as Facebook), mobile device (such as cellular phones, iPads, tablets) or other third party platform or service, where our games may also be referred to as “applications”, you are authorizing Playtika to access, collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network, mobile device or other third party platform and applications store could provide to Playtika through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on  such social network, mobile device, applications store or platform. The information you allow Playtika to access varies by game and social network and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish at such social network. In certain games we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country and any other information you choose to provide. Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network, applications store, platform or service via the Service, and/or when you connect with the Service, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) the Service to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform, applications store or service. If you access our games from a social network, mobile device or other third party platform, applications store or service, we recommend you to also read the applicable social network, mobile device or other third party platform, applications store or service Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. If you are unclear about what information a social network is sharing with us, please go to the social networks where you play our games to find out more about their privacy settings.

With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from the “options” or “settings” page within the relevant game. You may also be able to manage them from your device’s settings page for the relevant game. You may also receive local notifications. You can turn off local notifications by visiting the “options” or “settings” page within the relevant game. You can stop further use of your geo-location (for example through “check-ins”) by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the “settings” page for the relevant game.

## Third Party Service Providers

Playtika may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services) or to assist Playtika in analyzing how its Services are used.

From time to time, Playtika employs third party contractors to collect personal information on its behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, data analysis, hosting services, credit card processing, optimizing game play, customer service and to help us in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering contextual and tailored advertisements or other services through the Service. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to our contractors. Playtika may ask some third party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market research firms, to supplement personal information that you provide to Playtika for its own marketing and demographic studies, so that Playtika can consistently improve its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors' needs and preferences. To enrich our understanding of individual customers, Playtika may tie this information to the information you provide to us. We direct all such third party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on Playtika's behalf.

We and service providers acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, use server or web log files and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information, including cookies, IP addresses, device type, device identifiers, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games, and other similar information. In some cases, we will associate this information with your user ID number for our internal use.

You may opt-out of the use of your personal information for third party analytics purpose by emailing your request to [Info@playtika.com](mailto:Info@playtika.com) or submit a ticket via the applicable support channel of the game.

## Message Boards and Chat Rooms

You may be able to take part in certain activities on our websites or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with Playtika, but also with other users of our Service. Note that certain information you post and communicate through a Service or a third party site or service is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy.

You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to Playtika sites or Services or in its chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view or in similar forums on its sites through mobile services and/or through third party sites or services, posting public comments to other users' profiles or gameboards, sending private messages or invitations to other users, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts and posting photos. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality.

You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Playtika is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums. We may also record and store archives of these communications on Playtika's servers to protect the safety and wellbeing of our users and Playtika's rights and property in connection with the Service. You acknowledge and consent to the recording and storage of such communications for these purposes.

If you post a video, image or photo through a Service for public view, you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users without your consent. Playtika is not responsible for the videos, images or photos that you choose to post through a Service. Please see Playtika’s Terms of Service at <http://www.playtika.com/terms-of-service.html> on this point and for other guidelines about posting content through any Service.

## Browser Use

Note that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. Playtika has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Information

You understand and agree that Playtika may be required to access, monitor and disclose your information, and the contents of your online communications (including without limitation chat text, voice communications, IP addresses and any personal information) if required to do so by any applicable law or regulation, or in the belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to a subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect the rights or property and rights of Playtika or a third party, to protect the safety of our users, the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity Playtika may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, criminal or legally actionable, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction and other security precautions. Note that Playtika is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that it may receive.

Playtika may also disclose information about you if it determines that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Service or to protect its operations or users. Additionally, Playtika may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. We may transfer your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transaction. As part of our international operations, we may transfer data to our affiliates from time to time for our legitimate business purposes.

## Cookies

Like many websites, Playtika and service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views a Service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of Playtika’s Service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Service easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also use, place or read cookies or other technologies as described below on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser’s options to stop accepting cookies, to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit or limit the type of cookies you allow. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all features, portions or functionalities of the Service.

We and our service providers may also employ other technologies including (i) web beacons, which allow us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; (ii) tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; and (iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.

We and our service providers use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including: IP addresses, the type of computer or mobile device you are using, your operating system version, your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI); your browser types; your browser language; referring and exit pages, and URLs; platform type; the number of clicks on a page or feature; domain names; landing pages; pages viewed and the order of those pages; the amount of time spent on particular pages; and game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games. In some cases, we will connect this information with your social network ID.

## Links

The Service may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Service links to a website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Playtika endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Playtika site you are visiting or application you are running and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because Playtika cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for the content of these third party services, any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Playtika. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.

## Changing or Deleting Your Information

You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your profile page. If you completely delete all of this information, your account may be deactivated. If you would like Playtika to review, delete, change or not use your information in our system, or have additional questions, please contact Playtika via e-mail to [Info@playtika.com](mailto:Info@playtika.com) or submit a ticket via the applicable support channel of the game and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain such information. Kindly include your first name, last name, e-mail address and your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail (for example, your Facebook user ID). Please note that certain records, for example those pertaining to payments or customer service matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.

To manage the information Playtika receives about you from a social network, like Facebook, where you play our games, you will need to follow the instructions at that site for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook are available at <http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy>. To review and update information associated with your Playtika game profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application or “app”. You can request deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Playtika application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service. You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your (mobile) device and reviewing the permissions of each application. Once Playtika receives your information from a social network, that information is stored and used by Playtika in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, and you may access and update that information as described above. Game or other accounts created with Playtika are considered active until we receive a user request to delete them or deactivate them.

## Security

Playtika has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your information both online and offline from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, and we are committed to the protection of customer information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When you sign into your Playtika account or enter payment information, we or our third party payment processor use secure socket layer technology ("SSL") to encrypt the transmission of that information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and Playtika cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur and that third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Playtika discourages you from sending Playtika personal information through these media. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to log out of your account after use. If you access our Services through a social network and your social network account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized play of your Playtika games without your permission. So, be careful to keep your Account Information secure. Although we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us at [Info@playtika.com](mailto:Info@playtika.com) or submit a ticket via the applicable support channel of the game.

## Policy Regarding Persons Under 21

This product and website is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only. Without derogating from the foregoing, Playtika does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 should not use our websites or games at any time. If Playtika learns that a person under the age of 18 has provided it with personal information, Playtika will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as possible.

## International Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA

When you use our Services, your data may be sent to the United States and possibly other countries.

As part of our international operations, we may transfer data to our Affiliates from time to time for our legitimate business purposes.

We store information about players and visitors to our sites on servers located in the United States, and we may also store this information on servers and equipment in other countries. Personal data collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the EEA. The data we hold may also be processed by employees operating outside of the EEA who work for us or one of our Affiliates or for one of our vendors. This staff may be engaged in, among other things, (i) the processing of transactions and your payment details and (ii) the provision of support services. When we transfer your personal information internationally we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely, lawfully and in the manner we describe here. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or processed in, may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.

We comply with the EU Data protection regulation, and the local Data Protection Authorities’ guidelines, in the countries we operate, regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries.

## Privacy Rights

We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure, typically by "opting in" to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites. If you do ask us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as we do not share information with any third party (other than our service providers) on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites. Users in certain jurisdictions have a right to access personal information held about themselves. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law.

## Contacting Us

For any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact Playtika at: [Legal@playtika.com](mailto:Legal@playtika.com) or submit a ticket via the applicable support channel of the game. All notices given by you or required from you under this Privacy Policy shall be in writing and addressed to: Playtika Ltd., Attn: Legal Department, 8 HaChoshlim St., Herzliya 4672408 Israel.

Last updated: November 2016
