> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the savvysource.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100607102030id_/http%3A//www.savvysource.com/savvy/jsp/about/privacyPolicy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy: The Savvy Source for parents

The Savvy Source for Parents ("Savvy Source") is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of those who access or use our Savvy Source Website (the "Website"). 

This Privacy Policy explains what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit our Website, and how we may use that information. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to The Savvy Source's Website, and not to the websites of any other companies or organizations which may be linked to this Website. 

**About Savvy Source**  
Savvy Source is an interactive online service that provides information services, content, online community and transaction capabilities provided by Savvy Source, affiliates of Savvy Source, and other third parties. People can view articles, reviews and information on the Website without registering, or they can choose to register and set up an online profile to become a member of the Savvy Source network (each, a "Member" and collectively, the "Members"). To provide an enhanced experience, we request and display some personal information of Members to other Members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends. Savvy Source Members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other Members and Savvy Source communicate with them.

**Information That We Collect**  
We collect two types of information about our Website users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

**Personally Identifiable Information.**  
Personally Identifiable Information is personal information that identifies a specific end user. Savvy Source collects Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register with our Website, update your profile, interact with other Members, and use various features of our Website. To register with Savvy Source, you must provide certain pieces of information, such as your name and email address. You also have the ability to provide additional optional information to add to your personal profile. When you submit this information, we will send you a confirmation email that you must respond to in order to complete the registration process. After you are registered, you can edit your profile and add and edit your information. By using the privacy settings on your profile, you can control which Members have access to certain of your personal profile data. Keep in mind, however, that certain basic profile data cannot be hidden and will always be displayed on the Website once you register (see, "When You Register" below.) 

We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the Website. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information and we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes and promotions offered on our Website. We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties, including verification services, data services, as well as public sources. We use this information to continually offer you the most value as a Savvy Source Member. 

All personally identifiable information that we collect may be used by the Savvy Source as provided in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed at the time you provide the information or as otherwise agreed by you. As described further in this Privacy Policy, such use of personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, (i) providing you with any requested information, goods or services; (ii) sending you information about additional goods or services you may be interested in; (iii) sharing such information with third parties that we believe may offer goods or services of interest to you; and (iv) sharing with or selling such information to any successor to or purchaser of part or all of the assets of the Savvy Source business. 

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information.**  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify an end user. This type of information my include things like the Uniform Resource Locater ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visited after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized third party service providers and advertisers may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web Beacons, as described below.

**Data Tracking**  
Web Logs and other data. Like most standard Website servers, we collect information from all visitors to the Website. This information may include the browser you are using, the internet address from which you linked to our Website, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer you used to access our Website, and usage and browsing habits. We use this information to help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, to analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. This aggregate data helps us determine how much our customers use parts of the Website, so we can improve it. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.

**Cookies.**  
The Savvy Source uses "cookies" - small pieces of text stored on your computer - to recognize you and your access privileges. For example, we use cookies to allow you to log on to the Website automatically without entering your ID and password for each visit. Cookies also identify you and your preferences on our Website. You may refuse to accept our cookies, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user, which will limit your access to the Website.

**Web Beacons.**  
Our Web pages and our e-mail newsletters contain "web beacons." Web beacons allow us to count users that have visited a web page or opened an email that contains a web beacon and collect other types of aggregate information. Using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Website. This allows us to learn what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our Website are the most interesting and what kind of offers our Members like to see. Some of the web beacons that are in place on our Website are used only by Savvy Source, and other web beacons are from our vendors and advertisers who use this data to assist us in analyzing how our users use the Website. In addition, we have agreements with various affiliate networks that promote Savvy Source on their affiliate websites. These affiliate advertisers may use web beacons in their advertisements to track users who click through from the affiliate website to the Website.

**Security of Information**  
You can access your personal information on our Website through a password and your username. The password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your personal information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information (such as credit card information) using the best encryption software currently available in the industry, Secure Socket Layer (SSL), to ensure that your personally identifiable information is safe as it is transmitted to us. The Savvy Source uses the most advanced form of SSL software currently available as of the date of this Privacy Policy: 128-bit encryption by VeriSign. We do not store credit card information on our servers. This information is collected and sent on to our transaction processing company. 

However, despite our efforts, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information, and your use of the Website indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

**Use of Information and Information Sharing**  
**When you Register.** When you register with Savvy Source, you create your own profile and privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your name and photo are displayed to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings to allow you to connect with other Savvy Source Network Members. Your name will be displayed to all users regardless of privacy settings, so you should use a name that you are comfortable having displayed. Other members can search for you by name or email address. You can control in your privacy settings whether or not you wish to display your email address. 

Please be aware that certain personal profile information is displayed for all Members and cannot be hidden. Specifically, your name and photo are always displayed on the Website and therefore, are viewable by all users. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the Website, it may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a Member of the Website and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices. 

**Email and newsletters.** Savvy Source may send you service-related announcements and emails from time to time. We may also use your information to send you e-newsletters, updates and communications about Savvy Source. You may opt-out of receiving future emails as described at the bottom of each communication from Savvy Source.

**Notifications.** Savvy Source may send announcements in the form of email about activity that takes place on the site relating to you. For example, this might include activity in one of your groups, or activity of one of your friends. You can change the delivery options for these notifications in your Profile and Settings area.

**Sweepstakes and Promotions.** On occasion, we may offer sweepstakes and other promotions in conjunction with a sponsor. By participating in a promotion, you submit to that promotion's terms and conditions including providing us with permission, if required, to share your personally identifiable information with a particular sponsor.

**Third Party Offers.** On occasion, we are able to offer you special products or services through a relationship with a third party. In those cases, the offer will be brought to you by Savvy Source and fulfilled by the third party. If you accept the offer, you will become a customer of the company that is fulfilling the offer and we will not have control over their use of the personally identifiable information that you provide to them when you accept the offer. You will also be given the opportunity to opt in to receive future information and offers from The Savvy Source or our select partners that we believe may be of special interest to you. Once you opt in, we may share your contact information, including your name, screen name, billing address, and telephone number. Should you later choose not to receive these communications, you may so indicate by changing your user settings or by responding to any of these communications, each of which will clearly explain how to opt out of future communications. You may also opt out by sending a request to feedback (at) savvysource.com. If you purchase a Savvy Savings coupon, we may forward your name to the vendor. We will not forward your credit card information. When a user signs up to purchase a Savvy Savings, the user will automatically be registered with Savvy Source in order to log on to the Website and print out their coupon. This is not optional. However, once the users receives an email, he or she can opt out of receiving the email by clicking on the "unsubscribe" option on the email.

**Invite a Friend.** If you do become a Member, not only can you enjoy all of the benefits of membership, but you can also invite other individuals to join by providing us with their first names and email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential Members, we will send them an email invitation to join Savvy Source. The only way these individuals can become Members, however, is if they come to our Website and sign up themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes. 

**Legal Requirements; Safety.** We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, in response to a court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform with the law or legal process or to protect or defend our rights or property. We may also share aggregated information with other companies with which we do business.

**Sale of Business or Assets.** In the event that Savvy Source, substantially all of its assets, or a line of business are acquired or merged with another company, personally identifiable information of our Members may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Savvy Source will notify users of the Website of such a change in ownership or transfer of assets by posting a notice on the Website.

**Third Party Ad Servers.** We may use third party advertising technology to serve ads when you visit our Website. For instance, we may use Google AdSense, among others, to provide advertising in our e-newsletters. If your browser is set up to accept cookies, some Savvy Source advertisers and partners may place cookies or web beacons on your computer when you visit our Website or interact with our email messages. Please note that this happens whether or not you click on an advertisement placed by these companies advertisers and partners use cookies and web beacons according to their own privacy and security polices which you can find on their websites.

**Unsubscribe**   
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website. As a condition of purchase of our products and services, we will send you Administrative and Promotional Emails (as defined below). We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. "Administrative Emails" relate to a user's activity on the Website, and include emails regarding a particular user's account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to "Promotional Emails" which advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers, and/or the products and services of our advertisers and affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by emailing us at support@savvysource.com, by writing to us as at the address contained herein, or by hitting the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any of our emails. When contacting us via email or in writing at the address contained herein, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive. Please note that if you receive promotional emails from a third party affiliate or advertiser, you must contact the entity that sent you the email directly to unsubscribe from their promotional mailing list. 

**Additional Privacy Issues**  
**Children.** Minors under the age of 18 may not use the Website. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 18, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. Savvy Source does not sell products for purchase by children. In certain instances, we sell children's products for purchase by adults. 

**Public Areas.** We may provide areas on our Website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others, or can submit reviews and media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information.

**Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents.** California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the "Act") and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Website and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice.

**Updating Your Personal Information**  
Savvy Source contains links to other sites. It is possible for you to receive information directly from our partners and other companies if you access them through a link on Savvysource.com or if you go directly to their Websites. Once you are on their sites, any data that you supply to these partners, for example, to obtain information or buy products directly from them is beyond our reach and will be the responsibility of each of the linked-to entities and not Savvy Source. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Websites or any other sites linked to or referenced on our Site.

**Updating Your Personal Information.** If you are a Savvy Source Member, you can update your personally identifiable information at any time. To do this, just click on the "Profile and Settings" link listed throughout the Site. However, we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy.

**Your consent.** By using this site, you consent to abide by our Privacy Policy.

**Changes to our Privacy Policy.** We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the Privacy Policy section of the Website. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website. It is the responsibility of each user to review the Website and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

**Questions About our Privacy Policy.** For questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at via email at support@savvysource.com or by mail at P.O. Box 1889, Wilson, WY 83014.
