> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the savvy-chick.net privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130401044334id_/http%3A//www.savvy-chick.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at our site [www.savvy-chick.net](http://www.savvy-chick.net/). The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.

**Log Files:**  
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

**Newsletter:**  
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter (powered by Feedburner), we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications.

**Cookies and Web Beacons** :  
Where necessary, this site uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.

Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.

**Web Analytics tools Cookies:**

****Savvy Chick uses third-party analytics services such as Google Analytics, SiteMeter, and StatCounter to monitor the activity of our visitors and how they interact with the website.   Under no circumstances we use those tools to track or collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to the site.

You can read the Privacy Policy statements of each analytics tools by visiting the respective provided links.

**_Google Analytics:_**   This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in theUnited States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  You can read Google’s Privacy Policy [here](http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html).

**_SiteMeter:_**   To allow our customers the convenience of not having to remember their login information when accessing our website, SiteMeter may place a temporary or persistent “cookie” on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are simple, harmless text files that remember the internet browser you use to access the internet. However, if you do no want to receive cookies, you may adjust the settings in your internet browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. We do not collect or store any Personally Identifiable Information via cookies.  You can read SiteMeter’s Privacy Policy [here](http://www.sitemeter.com/?a=privacy).

**_Statcounter:_**  StatCounter.com respects the privacy and rights of its visitors. No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge.

When a visitor requests pages from the StatCounter.com site, our Web servers automatically log the browser’s domain name, and IP address. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.

To enable StatCounter.com to track your unique visitors we send a cookie to your visitors’ computer. This information is collected solely to improve the service we offer to you and statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.

StatCounter.com maintains a strict “no-spam” policy. Your e-mail address will not be sold to a third party.  You can read Statcounter’s Privacy Policy [here](http://statcounter.com/about/legal/).

**Controlling Your Privacy** :

Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.

**Special Note About Google Advertising:**

Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.

About Google advertising: What is the DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web. [Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)

**Links:**  
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.

**Advertisers:**  
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information. We work with the ad companies: Google Adsense, Axill etc. Please check their websites for respective privacy policies.

**Contact Information:**  
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please use our [contact us](http://www.savvy-chick.net/contact-me/) page.
