> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kulerthemes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180812214429id_/https%3A//www.pheenix.com/backorders3/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PHEENIX

This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information collected and used by Pheenix, Inc. and any associated registrars ("Pheenix") in connection with its website, products, and services ("Services"). PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. 

  1. **Introduction  
** _Scope._ Pheenix is committed to respecting privacy rights and has published this Privacy Policy to show its commitment to fair information practices. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected through Pheenix's website at  and other communications between you and Pheenix; it does not apply to any information collected by Pheenix on other websites or through other means or to any websites or services of third parties ("Third-Party Websites"), which may have materially different policies.   
_Terms._ By using the Services, you warrant that you have read and understood, and agree to be bound by, Pheenix's separate [Terms of Service](https://www.pheenix.com/backorders3/tos.php) and any other applicable agreements.   
_No Permission Without Agreement._ By using the Services, you warrant that you have read and understood, and agree to the terms of, this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand or agree to this Privacy Policy, you must immediately cease using the Services. 


  2. **Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy  
** Each time you access Pheenix's website, the then-current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. We recommend that you periodically check the date of the Privacy Policy and review any changes. Pheenix reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, update, or change this Privacy Policy simply by posting a new version on this page. Any such addition, update, or change will be effective immediately upon posting. Unless Pheenix obtains your express consent, any revised Privacy Policy will only apply to information collected after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy and not to information collected earlier. 


  3. **Information Collection Practices  
** _Services._ Pheenix may collect your information in connection with the Services, including when you register for the Services, place an order, report a problem, request more information, or communicate with Pheenix. When you register to use the Services, Pheenix may ask for your personal and billing information to process transactions you request. Pheenix may also collect information for users leaving comments on Pheenix's blogs or as part of surveys.   
_Traffic Data._ Like most website operators, Pheenix gathers information that web browsers automatically make available, including: (i) IP addresses; (ii) Internet domain names; (iii) types of devices accessing Pheenix's website; and (iv) types of web browsers accessing the website, which is anonymous information that is not meant to personally identify you.   
_Cookie Policy._ "Cookies" are text files placed on your computer by websites you visit or certain emails you open. Cookies store a string of information on a user's computer or mobile device, which the user's web browser provides to the website automatically each time it interacts with the website. The purpose of Cookies is to identify the user as a unique user of the website. Pheenix uses two types of Cookies: "first-party Cookies" and "third-party Cookies."   
_First-Party Cookies._ Pheenix uses first-party Cookies for the following purposes: (i) to gather visitor and access information relevant to customizing the Services to your interests; and (ii) to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you use the Services. If you do not wish to have first-party Cookies placed on your computer or mobile device, you should set your web browser to refuse Cookies before accessing the Services. However, certain features of the Services may not function properly without the aid of Cookies. If you refuse Cookies, you assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality.   
_Third-Party Cookies and Advertising._ Pheenix may advertise on other Third-Party Websites to you after you use the Services. Pheenix and third-party marketing partners, including Google, Inc., may use first-party Cookies (such as the Google Analytics Cookie), third-party Cookies (such as the DoubleClick Cookie), and web beacons (such as the Facebook conversion tracking pixel, https://www.facebook.com/business/a/online-sales/conversion-tracking), including across multiple devices, to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements to you based on your use of the Services. This practice is commonly known as retargeting or remarketing (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavioral_retargeting). Google Analytics is Google's analytical tool that helps website and app owners understand how their visitors engage with their properties. It may use a set of Cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google. Any of these third parties may place Cookies on your computer or mobile device, use web beacons (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_beacon), and gather IP addresses and log data to collect traffic and activity data to deliver relevant metrics and content. You may customize your Google Cookies preferences or opt out of using Google Cookies on the Google Ads Settings page at http://www.google.com/settings/ads. You may learn about Facebook Cookies and how to customize your preferences at https://www.facebook.com/about/ads. You may opt out of using other third-parties' Cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You can learn more about how to delete or control Cookies at http://www.aboutCookies.org/.   
_Personally Identifiable Information._ To use certain features of the Services, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes the following categories, without limitation: (i) "Contact Data" (such as your name, phone number, fax number, mailing address, and email address); (ii) "Financial Data" (such as your credit/debit card number and expiration date); (iii) "Demographic Data" (such as your gender and ZIP code); and (iv) "Third-Party Social Media Account Data" (such as your account information for third-party social media accounts). Pheenix gathers your Personal Information when you provide it through the Services. Pheenix may supplement the Personal Information you provide with additional Personal Information gathered from public sources or third parties (e.g., consumer reporting agencies) who may lawfully provide that information to Pheenix. You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information, but your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Services.   
_Children._ Pheenix does not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If Pheenix obtains actual knowledge that it has collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, Pheenix will delete such information. 


  4. **Information Use  
** _Services._ Pheenix uses information you provide to fulfill any purpose for which you provide it, in any way described to you when the information is collected, to carry out Pheenix's obligations and enforce its rights arising from the Services, to provide information to the current registrar of record when you purchase a domain, to notify you about changes to the Services, and for any other purpose with your consent.   
_Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies._ Pheenix may analyze Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies to help Pheenix better understand who is using the Services and how. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, Pheenix is able to better design the Services to improve your experience and serve you more relevant and interesting content. Pheenix may release Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Services.   
_Personal Information._ Pheenix may use your Contact Data to send you information about products and services and to contact you in connection with the Services. Pheenix may use your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain features of the Services and, if applicable, to bill you. Pheenix may use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience for the Services. Pheenix may use your Third-Party Social Media Account Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policies of third-party social media companies, such as Facebook and Twitter. As with Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies, from time to time, Pheenix may release Demographic Data in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Services. 


  5. **Disclosure Practices  
** _Services._ Pheenix may share your information, including Personal Information, to its agents, contractors, service providers, and other third parties used to support the Services, for fulfill audit requirements, to fulfill the purposes for which you provide it, for any other purpose disclosed by Pheenix when you provide the information, and for any other purpose with your consent. For example, Pheenix may disclose your Personal Information to perform technical, administrative, and data processing tasks such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, data storage, and security. In particular, Pheenix makes your information available to: ICANN, any ICANN-authorized escrow service, the registry administrator(s), and other third parties as ICANN and applicable laws may require or permit (including through web-based and other on-line WHOIS lookup systems), whether during or after the term of your domain name registration services of the domain name. You irrevocably waive any and all claims and causes of action you may have arising from such disclosure or use of such information. Pheenix may make publicly available, or directly available to third parties, some, or all, of the information you provide, for purposes of inspection (such as through Pheenix's WHOIS service) or for targeted marketing and other purposes as required or permitted by applicable laws, including by way of bulk WHOIS data access provided to third parties who enter into a bulk WHOIS data access agreement.   
_De-Identified Sharing._ Pheenix may share Personal Information that has been de-identified such that you cannot be tied back to it. Pheenix hopes aggregate data will be useful for research. Pheenix will take reasonable measures to ensure that its de-identification process is effective, but does not guarantee that you will never be personally identified with your data.   
_Disclosure to Marketing Partners._ Pheenix may use any Personal Information to help better understand the demographics of target audiences, as well as to support marketing data products and services. Pheenix may also provide personally identifiable data to partner firms, which may include third-party marketing companies, affiliates, advertising agencies, and data aggregation companies. Your Personal Information may be used by those entities to provide information on products and services that may be of interest.   
_Social Media._ Pheenix may disclose your information and your use of the Services on social media platforms. Pheenix may send your information through the APIs of social media platforms you authorize, in compliance with applicable laws and the applicable platforms' privacy policies in place when your information is sent.   
_User Content._ "User Content" is any content or information, not including Personal Information, that you submit, upload, transmit, or distribute via the Services. By using the Services, you grant Pheenix and its stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, consultants, representatives, sublicensees, successors, and assigns the right to publish your name and any User Content in connection with the exercise of the license in and to your User Content. You further waive any claims arising from the exercise of that right.   
_By Law or to Protect Rights._ Pheenix may disclose your Personal Information if reasonably necessary to (i) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (ii) enforce or apply its Terms of Service or other agreements; (iii) comply with legal process, court order, or government inquiry; or (iv) protect the rights, reputation, or property of itself, its users, or the public.   
_Transfers, Bankruptcy._ In the event Pheenix goes through a business transition, including without limitation any merger, acquisition, partnership, business reorganization, debt finance, or sale of company assets, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Pheenix may use information collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as part of any such business transition. In such instances, your information can be part of the assets transferred. 


  6. **Communications from Pheenix  
** By using the Services and/or by providing your contact information, you expressly consent to receive communications from Pheenix, its agents, and affiliates. You may opt out of communications by (a) following unsubscribe instructions in each communication; or (b) sending an email to abuse@pheenix.com. Communications will be in English with the Customer or Resellers of the Services as listed in your Account and/or domain name WHOIS information. 


  7. **Security of Personal Information  
** Pheenix takes security seriously. Pheenix uses commercially reasonable safeguards to protect against the unauthorized access, use, modification, destruction, or disclosure of your Personal Information. However, due to the realities of data security, Pheenix is unable to guarantee that any information provided to it will not be accessed, hacked, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorized parties. 


  8. **Third-Party Websites  
** Pheenix neither owns nor controls Third-Party Websites. Third-Party Websites are under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy. Before visiting or providing Personal Information to Third-Party Websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of those websites and take steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect your privacy. 


  9. **Do-Not-Track Disclosure  
** Pheenix does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals sent by browsers. 

Last updated August 1, 2017 . Please direct all questions or concerns to abuse@pheenix.com. 
