> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iab.net privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080608005719id_/http%3A//www.iab.net/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IAB - Privacy Policy

[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.iab.net&sealid=101)The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is dedicated to protecting your privacy when using our Web site. Please read this policy to understand how we collect and use information gathered through this Web site, and to understand your rights regarding these practices. 

**PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE:** The IAB may collect personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, phone number and similar information which identifies you. We collect this information so that you may obtain access to members-only portions of our Web site and/or to receive IAB products and services. We do not sell or rent personal information to other organizations. Where necessary, our site collects credit card information for the purpose of billing the user for requested services. Information collected through the Site may be shared with third parties that provide services on behalf of the site, such as credit card processors. Third parties may only use the data for the purpose for which it was provided. 

However, some IAB events or services are co-sponsored or provided in connection with other companies not under the direct control of the IAB. These include seminars, educational events, conferences, newsletters, discussion groups and similar services. Whenever we provide such services, we will disclose the name of our sponsor or provider, and will disclose any IAB information collection and use practices which may differ from those practices set forth in this policy. Co-sponsors of IAB services and events may require registration information from you which will be used by the co-sponsor or its partners to contact you regarding such services or events. When signing up or registering for any such services or events where the IAB is not the sole sponsor and provider, you should be aware of any differing privacy practices by our partners and read all disclosures available to you. Though the IAB makes reasonable efforts to only work with reputable partners, we cannot control their privacy practices in every instance regarding the personal information you voluntarily provide to them. If a user elects to use our Refer-A-Member service for informing a member about our site, we ask them for their email address and the email of their friend. The IAB will automatically send a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. IAB does not store this information. It is only used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. Personally identifiable Information and/or third party personally identifiable information collected through the site will be used to send communications that users have opted into including but not limited to the IAB Informer. 

If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by emailing [privacy@iab.net](mailto:privacy@iab.net?subject=From%20Website%20Privacy%20Page). Or, contact us by telephone at the contact information listed below. 

**AGGREGATE INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE:** We may collect information from visitors to our Web site and users of our services in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain nor be linked to any personal information. 

The IAB uses this information to measure the use of our Web site and to improve the content of our Web site. Aggregate information may also be compiled based upon personal information. When this information is shared with a third party, it does not contain any personal information. 

**CLICKSTREAM:** As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a web site’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Web site. Clear gifs (aka Action Tags) are being used to collect the clickstream data. This technology is also being used within html emails for the purpose of tracking open rates. We may use clickstream data as a form of aggregate information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Web site, how visitors navigate throughout the Web site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information may be used to improve our Web site or to share with business partners. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not contain any personal information. 

**CHANGES TO POLICY; OPT-OUT PROCESS:** We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of our Web site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes. 

However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that differs from this policy, users will be notified by either 30 days notice displayed prominently on the website or by email. We will provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. 

By registering with the Web site, you consent to receive information and updates on our services directly from the IAB. You may opt-out of such communications by sending an email to unsubscribe@iab.net, by following unsubscribe procedures on the Web site or by following the unsubscribe instructions within each email. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process (<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>). TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users’ concerns. 

**COOKIES:** "Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that web site. Many web sites use cookies for these purposes. We, and any third parties that place materials on the Web site, may use cookies to customize your visit to the Web site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Web site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Web site or your interaction with the Web site. We use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Web site. 

This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, please click here. [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy ](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy)

We use a third-party site measurement service to measure our Web site traffic. This company may use information (not including name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Web site in order to help the IAB improve the Web site content and navigation. If you would like more information about how LiveAnalysis collects and uses information, please visit the LiveAnalysis privacy policy at <http://www.liveanalysis.com/Privacy#REF9>. 

**OTHER WEB SITES:** Our Web site may contain links to other web sites not maintained by the IAB, including in connection with IAB co-sponsored events, publications, newsletters and other services. Other web sites may also reference or link to our Web site. Clicking a link on our Web site may bring you to a third party web site. 

We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Web site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. 

**SECURITY:** The security of your personal information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers by utilizing encryption software. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed access to your personal information. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and the IAB, and the IAB and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Web site demonstrates your assumption of this risk. 

**PRIVACY PROGRAM:** The Interactive Advertising Bureau is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site www.iab.net. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our user’s privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Erica DeLorenzo at [erica@iab.net](mailto:erica@iab.net?subject=From%20Website%20Privacy%20Page). If they do not receive acknowledgment of their inquiry or their inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, they should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process (<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>). TRUSTE will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users’ concerns. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site. 

**WEB SITE LEGAL DISCLAIMER:** Use of this Web site is governed by the provisions contained in the Legal Disclaimer. Your use, or access, of the Web site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such an action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEB SITE. 

CONTACT: For questions or concerns relating to privacy, we can be contacted at: [privacy@iab.net](mailto:privacy@iab.net?subject=From%20Website%20Privacy%20Page) or 212.380.4728 or by mail at 116 E. 27th Street, New York, New York, 10016. TRUSTe can be contacted at <http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>. 
