> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yummly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171227235746id_/https%3A//www.yummly.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yummly: Personalized Recipe Recommendations and Search

## Yummly Privacy Policy (as available online 081717)

Yummly provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the Yummly services, including the Yummly website (the **Site** ) and Yummly mobile application (the **App** ) (collectively, the **Services** ). This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site or in the App. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms).

As used in this policy, the terms **using** and **processing** information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

### Information Collection and Use

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Services. To provide you with a consistent user experience and to recognize you as a user across the Services, we may collect and combine data as described below across the Services; for example, data collected when you visit the Site or the App from one browser or device may be combined or linked with data collected through your use of the App, or with data collected when you visit the Site or App from a different browser or device.

_Personally Identifiable Information_  In the course of using the Services, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ( **Personal Information** ). If you create an Account using your login from a Social Network, we will access and collect the information about you that your privacy settings on that Social Network permits us to access so that we can create an Account for you. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide our Services and administer your inquiries. For example, when you create an account through the Services and become a **Registered User** or when you choose to create your own profile webpage, we may ask you for Personal Information.

We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Yummly newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your **user preferences** information.

_Registered Users_  Once you become a Registered User, you will be able to create a profile page by submitting certain Personal Information. The profile page will display your **screen name** as well as your profile picture, if you choose to upload one. You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile. Providing such information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other Yummly users. We will also collect the contact information of your friends, if you choose to connect your contacts and address book information with your Account, so that you can connect with your friends when you use our Services.

_Non-Identifying Information_. We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile page (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences based on your activity on the Site and in the App, such as viewing and/or food preferences) ( **Non-Identifying Information** ). Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non- Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences).

We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand how our Services are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver information to you according to your preferences or restrictions.

_Application Usage Information_  When you use the App, our servers will automatically record information that your mobile device sends or transmits, including, but not limited to, the model and device ID number of your mobile device, user settings, location (if you enable this feature) and information about your use of the App ( **App Usage Information** ). We use this information to provide and improve the Services, develop new products, and offer products and services that may be of interest to you.

_Log Data_  When you visit or use the Services, use a Yummly web-based application or a site that has Yummly features (like the **Yum** button), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( **Log Data** ). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site or the App that you visit (or of the site you visited that had the Yummly feature), the time spent on those pages, information you search for, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services, for technical administration, to improve functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Services to our visitors' needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site or the App again, it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding Non-Identifying Information.

_Cookies_  Like many websites, we use **cookies** , pixels, web beacons and similar technologies to collect Log Data and other information. Pixels and web beacons are small pieces of code placed on web pages and content that communicate when the page or content has been viewed. A cookie is a small data file that your browser places on your computer that helps us understand how you interact with the Site and use our Services. We use two types of cookies. We use persistent cookies to save information like your search preferences, your Account settings and login information, so that we can remember you and your settings when you return to the Site or App, and personalize your experience. We use session cookies to enable certain features of or our Services, but unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you leave or log off and/or when you close your browser. Third-party advertisers on the Site or in the App may also place or read cookies on your browser. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies but you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of or all functionality of the Services.

We may also use third parties to collect usage analytics for our Services. These third parties will place their own cookies to collect traffic and activity data in order to deliver us relevant metrics and information. We do not share any personal information of our users with these parties, but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to help improve our Services. The collection of this data by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policy. For more information visit: [Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html) and [Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com/privacy/).

### Interest-Based Advertising / Your Choices

As described above, we and other parties we do business with (including advertisers on the Site), may place or recognize unique cookies or other technologies on your browser or device when you visit the Site or use the App. In addition to the uses above, these technologies enable the collection of information about online activities over time and across different websites and apps, which can be used to customize advertisements to you as you browse the Internet. We follow the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which enable consumers to opt-out of having online behavior collected and used for advertising purposes. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt out for your web browser, please visit [optout.aboutads.info](https://optout.aboutads.info/) or [optout.networkadvertising.org](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/); to opt out for mobile apps, please visit [aboutads.info/appchoices](https://aboutads.info/appchoices). You may also be able to configure your mobile device privacy or advertising settings to limit the collection or use of data for advertising.

_Do Not Track_ Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a "do not track" setting. Because these features are not yet uniform, our systems are not configured to take action in response to these signals.

### Information Shared with Others

We do not share your Personal Information we have collected from you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or when you share something through our Service (like when you use the Yum button) or you give us your consent to do so (like when we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide us with such information), with your Social Network (if you allow such sharing), or with your friends with whom you want to connect (according to the preferences you have set in your Account). Apple HealthKit data will not be used for marketing/advertising purposes or shared with third parties with or without user consent. We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you are given the opportunity to opt-out from such sharing or we have your consent.

_Aggregate and Non-Personal Information_  We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information, as well as Non-Identifying Information, App Usage Information and Log Data with third parties (including suppliers, advertisers, research companies and other organizations) for analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

_Service Providers_  We may share any of our data with third party companies and individuals we engage to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services to us or on our behalf, to perform related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of our features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. If these third parties have access to your Personal Information, we require them to use it only to perform these tasks on our behalf and not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

_Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement_  Yummly cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Yummly or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

_Business Transfers_  Yummly may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

### Changing or Deleting Your Information

All registered users may review, update, correct or delete their Personal Information by contacting us or by making the appropriate modifications in your user account preferences through the Site or App. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request, however, we may have to retain a copy of some of your information for record keeping purposes.

### Security

Yummly is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, however, despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored **personal data** (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

### International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Yummly transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

### Links to Other Sites

Our Services may contain links to other websites, apps, and platforms. If you click on an ad or another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website, app, or platform. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

### Our Policy Toward Children

Our Service is not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.

### Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please [contact privacy@yummly.com](mailto:privacy@yummly.com).

Effective August 17, 2017
