> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the questnutrition.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141202063849id_/http%3A//www.questnutrition.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

* Quest Nutrition, LLC. ("QNL") is committed to providing you with quality goods and excellent customer service. We gather and we use information we collect from you to process your requests, to provide an enhanced and more personalized online experience and to inform you of offers and discounts from pureprotein.net or other sites and companies that we own.

* You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) through our website. Here are the ways in which you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit. We also tell you how we may use the information.

* You may choose to participate in various promotions that may be offered on our website. If you would like to participate, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and date of birth. We use the information you provide to administer the promotions. We also may use the information to communicate with you about our products and services.

* If you communicate with us through the Contact Us link on our website, you may provide information such as your name, email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments. We also may use this information to communicate with you about our products and services.

* If you communicate with us through the Contact Us link on our website, you may provide information such as your name, email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments. We also may use this information to communicate with you about our products and services.

* We may use the personal information you provide on our website for QNI's internal purposes. These purposes include administration of our website, data analytics and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.

* We collect certain information by automated means when you visit our website, such as how many users visited our sites and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors. We collect this information through various means such as cookies, web beacons and IP addresses, as explained below.

* Like many companies, we use cookies on our website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computerís hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features.

* Certain pages on our website contain web beacons (also know as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. 

* An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our website, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device. We also may use this information to enhance our website.

* We do not sell or otherwise disclose information about our website visitors, except as described here. We may share the information you provide among our subsidiaries and affiliates and with our joint marketing partners. We also may share the information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your information with third parties for their marketing purposes. Please tell us your preference by contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided through our website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.

* Our website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from QNL. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not part of the QNL family of companies, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites.

* We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide on our website.

* This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online privacy practices. We will post a prominent notice on this site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.

* If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by: Email: info@questproteinbar.com Postal mail: Quest Nutrition, LLC ATTN: Consumer Affairs 4712 Admiralty Way, Suite 670 Marina del Rey, CA 90292

* Quest Nutrition guarantees only the highest quality food products and will offer a prompt refund to any customer that feels one or more of our products has failed to live up to our high standards for freshness and good taste.
