> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the betclick.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-03-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140331232611id_/https%3A//en.betclic.com/content/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Betclic (Gibraltar) Limited (“we”, “us”, “Betclic”), the company that operates the websites www.betclic.com, www.betclick.com and all variants thereof (the “Site” or “Sites”), as well as the mobile application, m.betclic.com and all variants thereof (the “Mobile Offer”), has strict security measures designed to protect your personal data. The group of companies of which Betclic is a part includes Betclic and any holding company or subsidiary of Betclic or any subsidiary of any such holding company and any company associated with such holding or subsidiary (“Group”).

We treat the data that you provide us with as strictly private and it shall only be used by us, by a member of our Group or by a selected third party who complies with our high standards of data protection in order to manage the account which you open with us (“Account”), to create customer profiles, to ensure the security of the Site and to enable you to use our services. 

Please note that you may choose whether or not you wish to permit us, a member of our Group or one of our partners to use your personal data for marketing purposes.

Should you require further information or if you have any questions regarding privacy or confidentiality issues, please contact our [Customer Services Team](mailto:support@betclic.com). Please take the time to read our Privacy Policy carefully.

The information we collect enables us to ensure that our customers can enjoy safe and user-friendly browsing conditions. Our aim is to offer the best possible services, whilst making sure that betting and gaming on our Site remains a fun activity!

All references to ‘personal data’ in this Privacy Policy refer to any personal information about a natural person which enables that individual to be identified directly or indirectly by reference to the data provided. Specifically, We collect the following information when you open an Account with us: first name; surname; gender; date of birth; place of residence; postal address; email address; phone number; language, currency, passport or ID card number and secret question. You will also be required to provide login details of your choice, namely a username, password and an answer to the secret question which will be kept by us. We additionally require you to provide us with a payment method and payment details (such as bank transfer, credit card or another acceptable means of payment) in order that you can credit your Account. Further, before your first withdrawal of funds from your Account, we will request that you send us a copy of an official document (e.g. passport, driving licence or other approved identity document) in order to confirm the accuracy of the data you have provided. We also use geolocation tools to record your internet protocol (IP) address and to compare it against your user identification in order to prevent fraudulent activities and also to create an audit trail. When you make a pre-registration sign-up and before you fully register as a customer, we request the following information from you: title, first name, surname, date of birth and email address. We store this information in order to provide you with a pre-populated registration form if and when you decide to fully register with us. When you access the Mobile Offer, we collect the following information: IP address, access provider and type/version of browser used. We require the above information in order to ensure that you can identify yourself when using the Site, to ensure that you are of legal age to use our services, to improve our services to you and to keep you informed regarding any of our services which may be of interest to you. You have the right to request that we cease forwarding marketing information about our, and/or our partners', services to you. You also have the right to access your personal data at any time in order to make alterations to any personal information that may have changed or become obsolete. Should you believe that any personal information we hold for you is incorrect, please email our customer services team at support@betclic.com and we will amend any information found to be incorrect.

Once your personal data is submitted to us, it shall be kept securely on our database.

We use the email address which you have provided us with to send you an email welcoming you to Betclic. We may send you emails, letters by post and SMS messages from time to time containing information ranging from special promotions to technical and other information relating to our services and the services of our Group companies. Should you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, you can do this easily by either changing your Account settings or clicking “unsubscribe” on the bottom of the email. If you have agreed to receive offers from Betclic and/or partners on the pre-registration sign-up page and you later wish to unsubscribe, simply click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link on the email. Should you wish to unsubscribe from receiving SMS messages, you can do this easily by following the instructions to unsubscribe in the SMS message sent to you. Please note that we may from time to time send out service-related emails announcing, for instance, a temporary suspension of one or more of our services due to maintenance. IT IS THEREFORE RECOMMENDED THAT YOU DO NOT OPT OUT OF RECEIVING EMAILS FROM BETCLIC. If you have opted in to receive commercial offers from our select partners, you can unsubscribe from this mailing list by changing your settings in ‘My Account’ and ‘My Newsletters’.

If a customer chooses to use the Refer-A-Friend service in order to inform a friend about our Site, we will ask the customer for his/her friend’s email address and we will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him/her to visit our Site and to register with us. If the friend does not sign up with Betclic, we do not store the friend’s email address in any database and we will not contact the friend after sending this email unless the same or another customer refers the friend to Betclic again via the Refer-A-Friend service. The Refer-A-Friend service may not be available in all jurisdictions.

As part of our partnership with commercial banks and/or the companies in charge of verifying the authenticity of credit card or electronic payment processing data, your personal data is at the disposal of these establishments. However, these establishments are only entitled to use such information for processing or legal investigation purposes (for example, in suspected anti-money laundering cases). We may also enter into partnerships with data processors and companies which provide security, age verification and identification verification services in order to improve the efficiency and security of the Site or to comply with relevant regulations. These companies may have access to your personal data in order that they can process necessary informationdata and maintain the security of the Site. The companies that we choose to carry out these functions have strict policies regarding privacy of personal data, although we accept no responsibility for the privacy policies of those companies. We will not disclose the amount of your winnings or losses to any person or third party other than to you unless we are required by law to disclose such information to competent authorities. It is therefore incumbent upon you to declare your winnings to the relevant authorities if you reside in a country where such gains are subject to taxation. We reserve the right to pass on to payment service providers and to public, regulatory or other relevant authorities, all or any customer personal data held by us if necessary or required in the course of any legal investigation and/or in circumstances where we reasonably suspect that fraud or criminal conduct has occurred and in order for us to carry out our obligations under relevant fraud, anti-money laundering and other applicable legislation.

The personal data submitted by our customers may be stored and/or processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you give your consent to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country. Betclic is committed to taking all necessary steps to ensure that whenever personal data is transferred, such transfer takes place solely within the Group and the Group's select partners in which companies the standards of privacy and confidentiality should be of an acceptable standard, irrelevant of location.

Betclic shall in no manner whatsoever be held responsible for the manner in which third parties process the personal data of our customers. Betclic shall only be responsible for its own Privacy Policy and it does not warrant the standard of the privacy policies of any of the third parties who may have links placed on our Sites. We strongly recommend that when you access a new page via a link on our Site(s) which takes you to an external website, you take time to read through the privacy policy of the new website which you enter.

As our customer, you or we can close your Account with us at any time. Following closure of your Account, we will retain your personal data on record for as long as required by law. We will only use your data should such use be required by competent authorities in cases of fraud or investigation into any other illegal activity. This will be the sole exception to use of your personal data until its complete deletion from our records.

The online betting and gaming services that we offer are strictly prohibited for persons under 18 years of age or under the age of legal consent for using online betting and gaming services under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the person is located. Consequently, minors may not register on our Site or on the Mobile Offer and should not provide us with any personal data. We collect proof of identification from our customers as part of our age verification process. 

Any minor who is found to be gambling on Betclic shall have any winnings confiscated and his/her Account will be immediately blocked. Betclic reserves the right to conduct a security review to validate your identity and age. Acceptance of our Privacy Policy authorises us to conduct such security reviews which may include ordering of credit reports or verification of the information supplied by you against third party databases.

**What are cookies?**  
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive or browser and which collects information. We use cookies to provide you with a better Site. For example, we use them with your permission to remember information about your Site preferences (for example, the language you use on the Site) and for essential functions such as ensuring that when you add something to your betting slip, it’s still there when you come to place the bet. We also use third-party cookies for security and fraud prevention purposes. Session ID cookies terminate once your close your browser. Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive and are sent back to our Site each time you visit so that we can recognise you and tailor the Site to your preferences.

**What types of cookies do we use?**  
Below is a list of the types of cookies which are downloaded to your computer/mobile when you visit our Site:

Customisation cookie – this is used to remember your site preferences, for example your favourite casino games.  
Visitor ID cookie – this is used to identify repeat visits from a user.  
Session ID cookie – this is an account-related cookie used to maintain the session on your site.  
Affiliate cookie – this is used to track which partner has referred you to our Site.  
Analytics cookie – this is used to anonymously collect information on how visitors use our Site to help us improve our services.

**Can cookies be blocked?**  
You can set which cookies are used when you visit our Site by adjusting your browser settings. However, if you block essential cookies, you may not be able to use all functionalities on our Site and your user experience will be reduced. Our site will use cookies when you visit it unless you adjust your browser settings. You can find out more about cookies and how to manage them at sites such as www.allaboutcookies.org.

Betclic (Gibraltar) Limited is a company incorporated in Gibraltar with company number 106 443 and which has its place of business at Suite 7.3.1, Europort, Europort Road, Gibraltar. Betclic is licensed under the Gambling Act 2005 by the Government of Gibraltar and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner. Betclic Limited uses its best endeavours to protect the confidentiality of your personal data and to prevent any unauthorised external or internal users from accessing such information without your consent. However, Betclic shall take no responsibility whatsoever for events beyond its control inclusive of, but not limited to, acts of god or natural disasters and including power cuts and strikes.

We are sure that, as our customer, you understand the evolving nature of our business due to continuous technological innovation and, although we endeavour to do our best to ensure the protection and privacy of your personal data at all times, we cannot guarantee that the performance of our service will be free from error at all times. Should any such error have an effect or consequence on the privacy of your personal data, we shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever in damages or otherwise.

We strongly recommend that you do not divulge your personal data to strangers or third parties during live chat. Remember that your personal data is sensitive and it’s important to stop and think before passing on personal information. 

**Log Files**  
Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

**Data Encryption**  
All sensitive data which is transmitted between your computer and Betclic is transferred securely via the internet, using strong encryption. Betclic uses secure and tested encryption technology bearing certificates provided by renowned certificate authorities.

**Other security measures**  
When users submit sensitive information via the Site, their information is protected both online and offline. When our registration form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected using Secure Socket Layer– (SSL) technology. While on a secure page, such as our deposit page, the lock icon at the bottom, or in the url, of your web browser becomes locked. The lock icon is unlocked, or open, when users are simply 'surfing' and are not inputting sensitive information. All payments made on our Site and Mobile Offer are secured, in compliance with the relevant EU rules and regulations.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information offline. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only authorised Betclic employees/contractors are granted access to personally identifiable information. We perform checks on all of our potential employees/contractors to ensure that none of them have a criminal record. Our employees/contractors are regularly made aware of security best practices within the industry and security audits are carried out on a regular basis. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.

It may become necessary, at any time, for us to make modifications to the Site and/or Mobile Offer or to the House Rules, Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy governing our services. The purpose of such modifications may be to further simplify user processes or to further reinforce security measures in order to upgrade to future technological innovations. In such cases, customers previously registered on our Site will keep their user name and password; no modifications will be required on their part. Continued use of our Site by the members after any modifications to the Site, Mobile Offer, House Rules, Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy will be considered as their acceptance thereof. It is the responsibility of each customer to regularly check the House Rules, Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for updates.
