> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the betcheslovethis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150623033406id_/http%3A//www.betcheslovethis.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Betches Love This

This Privacy Policy governs how Betches LLC. "Betches" uses your information in connection with the website betcheslovethis.com (the “Site”), and is subject to the Site’s Terms of Use. We respect your privacy rights and are committed to protecting the information we collect from you as we take your privacy very seriously. To further this commitment to your privacy we have developed the following website privacy policy which explains how we collect, use, disclose and protect information you provide to us on any of our website’s.

Information Collection Betches may collect information from our users at several different points on the Site. Betches is the sole owner of the information collected on the Site.

Comments and Posts You may choose to write comments or posts on the Site. To leave a comment, you must submit information including a valid email address. Betches uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Use, and will not pass this information to any other organization.

Newsletters Betches offers email subscriptions. To sign up to receive regular emails, you must submit information including a valid email address. This information will be used in aggregate form to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails, including new articles added to the site.

Cookies Betches may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer tied to information about you. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once you close the browser, the cookie is terminated. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s help instructions.

Third Party Cookies In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Betches has no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to be set. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Betches only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or other partners.

The Google Analytics features you've implemented based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).

Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.

Log Files and Web Beacons Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. These include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.

For your safety, we do not link IP addresses to personal information unless we notify you or unless necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of our website. In general the use of log files is simply to monitor traffic on our website and in the event necessary, troubleshoot technical problems. Please note that in the event of an abuse by a user of our website we may block certain IP addresses. In addition to cookies and log files we do at times use a common internet technology called “web beacons”. These are small graphic images placed on a web page, web based document, or an email address that is designed specifically to allow us or our third parties vendors to collect certain information and monitor use activity on our website. Please note these are invisible to the user because they are typically very small. In furtherance of our Privacy Policy please note we do not use web beacons to collect the personal information about you. We may use them to collect non-personal information such as IP addresses of the computer that the web beacon said to, the URL of the page where the web user comes from and the time the web beacon is activated.

Legal Disclaimer We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This promise not to share your information does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, Betches may need to disclose personal information when required by law if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process or enforce our site policies or protect ours or other’s rights, property or safety.

Business Transitions In the event Betches goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.

Links Betches contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Betches is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Betches.

Notification of Changes There may be an occasion when we will revise and update this Privacy Policy. As a result, it is strongly suggested that you check back from time to time to insure that you are aware of any changes to our Privacy Policy. For your information, if in the event we do revise the Privacy Policy, the “last updated date” above will be changed. In addition in the event we undertake a major change to this Privacy Policy we will be sure to post a Notice of Change to this page and other places we deem appropriate.

Third Party Advertisers We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp

Contact Information If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact headbetches@betcheslovethis.com.
