> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bethel.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090621221623id_/http%3A//www.ibethel.tv/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iBethel.TV // Bethel Church // Privacy

Entities collecting personal information

Personal information on this Site is collected on behalf of Bethel Church by Bethel Church, who is responsible for this site. Bethel Church’s address is 933 College View Dr, Redding, CA 96003 USA, and its telephone number is 530-246-6000.

The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information. Updating your personal information and privacy preferences

You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information (as defined in the section entitled "Protection of your personal information"), this may be accomplished by linking to your account at Edit Your Account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications) by writing webmaster@ibethel.org

Collection of personal information

As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing online or hosted Products and Services, Bethel Church may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form. It is optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, Bethel Church may ask that you provide personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), country of residence, e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. When ordering Products and Services via the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Similarly, if you wish to delete your information (pursuant to the mechanism set forth in “Updating your personal information and privacy preferences”) that is mandatory, you will no longer be able to engage in a particular activity.

When you use the Site and the Products and Services, Bethel Church may also collect certain information about your computer to facilitate and evaluate your use of the Site and the Products and Services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit webpages, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. Bethel Church also uses such information to measure traffic patterns on the Site and usage of the Products and Services. We do not match such information with any other information held by Bethel Church unless we have your consent.

By using this Site and the Products and Services, you agree and acknowledge that personal information collected through the Site or in connection with the Products and Services may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which Bethel Church maintains offices, including the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and trusted third parties may undertake processing of your information. Such third parties are bound by contract with Bethel Church not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. These third parties include, but are not limited to: Bill Johnson Ministries, Kris Vallotton Ministries, Jesus Culture, Global Legacy, Danny Silk Ministries. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible, and the pages are hosted for Bethel Church by such third parties. For example, on the sign up pages for some newsletters, the pages may be hosted by a third party vendor, but appear to be iBethel.org pages and are governed by the Bethel Church privacy policy.

Bethel Church has established relationships with various service providers whose services are available to you from the Site, from websites that are linked to the Site, or in connection with the Products and Services. Typically, these providers offer services that Bethel Church customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Products and Services. In order to use those providers’ services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider's website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on that site, and personal information that you provide while on the Site will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

In order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, prevent abuse of our Site and the Products and Services, and provide more consistent, relevant experiences to our users, we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submit to us with information from third-party sources. For example, if permitted under applicable law, we may supplement your Registration Information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database. As permissible, we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information (such as age or interest in photography) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you.  
How your personal information is used

Bethel Church collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter into a promotion, information is collected to qualify the entry and to contact you regarding the promotion or awards. Your personal information is also used to track customer preferences and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Bethel Church and selected third parties unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law.

Bethel Church may collect information about the use of the Products and Services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of Services used, how many users we receive daily, and the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually.

Bethel Church may use this aggregate, nonidentifying statistical data for improving the Site and the Products and Services, providing more relevant experiences to our customers and for statistical analysis.

Bethel Church recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site and in connection with the Products and Services. Bethel Church will respect your legal rights regarding access to and correction and deletion of your personal information. Bethel Church may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Bethel Church or selected third parties unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although we may find it necessary to continue to communicate with you regarding your use of the Site and the Products and Services. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Bethel Church will not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.

There are other instances in which Bethel Church may divulge your personal information, such as where required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.

Protection of your personal information

The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of the Site or of the Products and Services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on secure servers that only selected Bethel Church personnel and contractors have access to via password and other suitable security controls. Bethel Church encrypts your personal information and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to Bethel Church.

Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on secure servers and is accessible only to selected Bethel Church personnel and contractors via password and other suitable security controls. Since this information is not accessible online by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.

Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room, such as the Bethel Church User to User Forums (the "Forums"), is available to all persons accessing that location, and your e-mail address may also be posted on these venues. The information you share, including your email address, would then be available to all persons accessing these venues, and such information may be read, collected or used by others for any purpose, including sending you unsolicited messages. Bethel Church is not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these venues or the use of such information. In addition, you should be aware that the Forums offer a service in which subscribers are e-mailed a copy of all messages posted to the Forums on a particular topic. Consequently, if you post a message to the Forums, your e-mail address will be sent to those subscribers who have indicated an interest in the topic of your message.

Data not collected on this Site or in connection with the Products and Services

Personal information that is not collected on the Site or in connection with the Products and Services is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy. However, personal information submitted on physical conference registration cards is classified as Registration Information and is subject to this Privacy Policy. If you wish to access and/or correct such information, please see instructions for doing so in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences" on the Site.

Tracking, use of cookies, web beacons and similar devices

In order to improve our Products and Services and the Site and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our customers, we and our vendors may use "cookies", “web beacons”, and similar devices to track your activities. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables Bethel Church to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. A similar device may be used by which a Product and Service may send data to a server when a set of user-initiated events occur such as the “Add to Cart” button is clicked. This device is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different than a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer.

While Bethel Church uses cookies and similar devices to track your use of the Site and the Products and Services, such as the number of downloads, types of Products and Services used and downloaded, how many users we receive daily, and our web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, Bethel Church does not generally use this information to identify you personally. However, if you expressly provide consent for the Site or the Product and Service to "remember" the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the Site or the Products and Services, that unique identifier will be stored on a cookie on your computer and that unique identifier will be linked to your Registration Information. As a result, your navigation path around the Site and the Products and Services will be tracked.

Some Products and Services allow the tracking of access to or use of Products and Services by users, as opposed to Bethel Church. For example, certain Products and Services allow document authors to restrict access to documents, track access to or use of those documents, or involve communications and transmission of data over the Internet to verify the authenticity of documents, authors and recipients.  
Some Products and Services require activation, which tracks information including installation rights and number of installations  
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, and most Products and Services that include similar devices are typically initially activated to collect data. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies or similar devices will probably not be able to access those pages or the related Products and Services.) Information about non-cookie tracking devices and their features, including disabling options, are contained in the information materials provided with such Products and Services or on Site pages relating to such Products and Services. An example would be downloaded audio or video content. This material is protected by copyright laws and will be tracked to determine if it has been downloaded multiple times or copied. These tracking mechanisms are to protect the publisher and authors’ property.

Privacy complaints

Bethel Church takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Bethel Church has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write to the Bethel Church Privacy Officer at the following address or fill out a privacy complaint form:

Bethel Church  
Attn: Privacy Officer  
933 College View Dr  
Redding, CA 96003

email: privacy-officer (AT) iBethel.Org.

In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.

If you provide Bethel Church with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Bethel Church will endeavor to update your privacy preferences in a timely and accurate manner.

Also, please note that Bethel Church is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Bethel Church websites to which this Site or any other Bethel Church website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.
