> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bettercloud.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-02-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150219184729id_/https%3A//www.bettercloud.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BetterCloud

X Welcome to the new BetterCloud! Learn about how we've expanded our vision as a company and improved our product for our customers. [ Read more »](http://blog.bettercloud.com/the-new-bettercloud)

**BetterCloud TM**

**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy describes how BetterCloud, Inc. a Delaware Corporation, doing business under the trade name BetterCloudTM (“we” or “us”), collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site [www.bettercloud.com](http://www.bettercloud.com/) and BetterCloud service. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. The use of information collected through our BetterCloud service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Client has engaged BetterCloud.

BetterCloud, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe’s program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) and [TRUSTed Cloud Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/trusted-cloud/index.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this web site [www.bettercloud.com](http://www.bettercloud.com/) and BetterCloud app.

TRUSTe’s mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [privacy@bettercloud.com](mailto:privacy@bettercloud.com).  If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).

BetterCloud, Inc. complies with the U.S.–E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S.–Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  BetterCloud, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view BetterCloud, Inc.’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

**What We Collect and How We Use It**. BetterCloud will collect and analyze, when you use our services (the  “Service”), certain non-personally-identifiable information such as meta-data generated and stored on your computer systems and collected through the Google App Engine, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system, and platform; and Service usage patterns and trends. Customers of the Service may be offered a “cookie”, which can be described as a small text file containing information that is transferred to a visiting computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes during a visit. The use of cookies enables us to analyze Service usage and traffic patterns. A cookie will not give us access to data stored on your computer or to any information other than what is voluntarily provided to us. Most web browsers will automatically accept cookies. There are many methods and applications available for disabling a browser’s handling of cookies, or restricting the exchange of data.

The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.

We will use proprietary and third-party products and certain software tools to measure, collect, and analyze the foregoing collected data. We do this in order to analyze the use and performance of the Service and to better understand the needs of our customers. Additionally, we may use non-personally identifiable information for marketing, survey purposes, and Service utilization analyses.  You agree that we act as a “data processor” as provided for in the EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC).

The information that is collected using the foregoing data and tools is never sold to or shared with any unauthorized third party.

**By using the Service, you have consented to the collection and use of the data provided to us as outlined in this Privacy Policy**.

**Personal Information**.  We are committed to ensuring our customers’ privacy. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.  We do not sell your personal information to third parties. Your Personal Information is gathered only when you choose to share it.  “Personal Information” is information that identifies an individual, or is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, or information about activities which can be directly linked to that person. Your Personal Information is gathered by us when you become a purchaser of the Service by providing us with information such as (by way of an example) your name, email, address, and credit card information.  Additionally, your Personal Information is gathered by us when you sign up for any electronic newsletters and/or promotional or service e-mails that we may now or hereafter offer to our customers from time to time, or when placing a request for customer service by using any “contact” feature we provide.  While we receive and store the Personal Information that you choose to share with us by engaging in any of the foregoing activities, you may always opt-out of sharing Personal Information by discontinuing your use of the Service.  Additionally, you can always choose to opt-out of receiving service and/or promotional e-mail and electronic newsletter communications that we may now or hereafter send to customers from time to time. To the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered Personal Information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as Personal Information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

We take precautions to insure that our customer’s Personal Information and the data that is processed by our service is secured.  We use a variety of industry-standard technical, contractual, administrative and physical security measures and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure.  When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number, on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Unless otherwise provided for herein, we restrict access to Personal Information to those employees who need access to perform their essential job functions.  Please note that despite our best efforts, no one can guarantee the security of customer Personal Information.  Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of Personal Information at any time. If you have questions about our security measures in place, please contact us.

**Information Related to Data Collected through the BetterCloud service**

BetterCloud collects information under the direction of its Clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes.

**Choice**.  We collect information for our clients, if you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the client that you interact with directly.

**Service Provider, Sub-Processors/Onward Transfer**.  BetterCloud may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Policy regarding notice and choice and the service agreements with our Clients.

**Access to Data Controlled by our Clients**.  BetterCloud has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the BetterCloud’s Client (the data controller). If the Client requests BetterCloud to remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 business days.

**BetterCloud Data Retention**.  BetterCloud will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. BetterCloud will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**Protecting the Privacy of Minors**. Minors under the age of thirteen (13) are prohibited from using the Service.  Minors under the age of eighteen (18) are not permitted to use or purchase the Service without the permission and involvement of a parent or legal guardian. We do not intentionally collect or maintain Personal Information from individuals who are under thirteen (13) years old.  Protecting the privacy of minors is very important to us.  Thus, if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under thirteen (13) years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personal Information permanently from our databases and Internet servers.

**Legal Compliance**.  We may disclose customer’s Personal Information when such disclosure is: (i) necessary to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by us, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (ii) necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other related agreements; or (iii) to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our employees, our customer or other members of the general public. Disclosures made under this paragraph may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations, or governmental agencies.  However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personal Information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**Service Providers**.  We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as hosting or analytics provider. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

**User Access and Choice**.  If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete it by emailing [privacy@bettercloud.com](mailto:privacy@bettercloud.com). We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**Email Choice/Opt-out**. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information.  You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing or service purposes.  If now or in the future you receive promotional or electronic newsletter communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving such communications from us, and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by clicking the “Unsubscribe” hyperlink at the bottom of all such communications.  Notwithstanding your indicated email marketing preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding us or the Service, including, for example, order confirmations and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner.

**Business Transfers**.  As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or business units.  In such transactions, customer information, including Personal Information, is generally considered an asset, but remains subject to the terms and conditions of any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, a customer specifically requests otherwise in writing).  Notwithstanding, in the unlikely event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired, or a change in control of the majority ownership of us occurs, Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

**Links to 3rd Party Sites**. Our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of BetterCloud. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit.

**Blog / Forum**. Our web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You can request the removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, by contacting us at [privacy@bettercloud.com](mailto:privacy@bettercloud.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

**Social Media Widgets**. Our web site includes social media features, such as the Facebook button and widgets, such as the ShareThis button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

**Changes in Our Privacy Policy**. From time-to-time we may modify, change, update, add to, remove portions of or otherwise alter this Privacy Policy.  If we make material changes, we will post them on our website prior to the change becoming effective, to make customers aware of what the changes are so customers will always be aware of what information we collect, how we collect and use that information, and when we may disclose such information.  If you object to any such changes, you must immediately cease using the Service. A customer is bound by any changes to this Privacy Policy when the Customer uses the Service after those changes have been posted. If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact [privacy@bettercloud.com](mailto:privacy@bettercloud.com) or see contact details below.

BetterCloud, Inc.

330 7th Avenue

14th Floor

New York, NY 10001

Phone: 888-999-0805
