> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the betterfly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111006192631id_/http%3A//betterfly.com/policies/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Betterfly.com

Date of Last Revision: September 3, 2011

Welcome to Betterfly.com™, a website that serves as an online community and platform for people who want to learn, look, and feel better and the people who can help them. Betterfly.com is operated by Betterfly, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (hereafter referred to as “Betterfly”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).Your privacy is important to Betterfly. This Privacy and Information Security Policy ("Privacy Policy", "the Policy") is designed to help you understand how we collect and use information. This Policy is part of and incorporated into the Betterfly Terms of Use.

**Acknowledgement and Acceptance of the Privacy Policy**

BY PROVIDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO US OR BY USING THE SITE AND THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY AND THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THE POLICY. BETTERFLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS POLICY AND WILL PROVIDE NOTIFICATION OF ANY MATERIAL CHANGE OR AMENDMENT TO THE POLICY BY NOTICE POSTED TO THE SITE. You are advised to consult the Policy regularly for any changes. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the Site and the Service. By using the Site and the Service, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in the Policy. "Processing" means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.

  1. **Betterfly's Use of Your Information**
    1. _Description of Service for Betterists and Service Clients_. Betterfly operates its Site and Service for Users who have the option of registering for two types of profiles: (i) A “Betterist Profile” for a Betterist who posts a description of a service offering available for booking through the Site and Service (a “Listing”) for an appointment between themselves and a single Service Client (a “Private Lesson”) or an appointment between themselves and more than a single Service Client (a “Group Class”) or (ii) a “Service Client Profile” for a Service Client who seeks Services via a Listing from a Betterist.
      1. Users have the option of registering for a (i) Betterist Profile, (ii) Service Client Profile or (iii) Betterist Profile and Service Client Profile sharing a single Account. 
      2. Betterfly provides Users with access to a collection of on-and offline resources, including, but not limited to web page hosting services, on- and off-line advertising services, promotional pricing services, and the ability to contact other Users to seek/offer services. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that enhance the current Site or Service shall be subject to these Terms of Use.
      3. There is no cost for using the basic sevices of the Site. From time to time, there may be premium content available via subscription or surcharge, and those areas will be clearly marked.
      4. Betterfly facilitates meetings between Users, but Betterfly will not be liable for any cancellations, postponements, and the like by any User of the Site or Service, and all refunds, make-goods, alternatives, or rain checks are as agreed upon by the Users and not by Betterfly.
    2. _Information Collected During Registration_. In the registration process, Betterfly may collect registration information from its Users, including name, user name, password, and contact information such as email, phone number, mailing address ("personal information") or credit card (“financial information”) that may identify you. Each of these different types of information is used to provide Users with access to the Site and the Service, including, but not limited to, your profile page, other User's profile pages, advertising, promotional pricing services, ability to contact other Users of the Service, and participating in the Service. Registration information is used to authenticate users and recall their profile pages. 
    3. _Information Collected When Visiting the Site_. In using the Site and the Service, we collect and store information of Users in order to provide communications and the Service. This data is gathered from a variety of sources and enables Betterfly to create personalized webpages, provide the Service to Users, and verify that the webpages are controlled by those who represent to claim them.
      1. When you visit the Site, servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the webpages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements or links on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service, the IP address will be different every time you log on. Betterfly uses Log Data to monitor the use of the Site and the Service, and for Betterfly's technical administration.
      2. Information, including, but not limited to, your screen name, full name, profile photo, and any other personally identifiable information you have included in your profile page, reviews, and use of the Service may be shown to other Users of the Service. Your full name and email address may also be used when you send an email through the Site and the Service. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information via your profile page, reviews, messages, forums, postings, and in using the Service, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the scope of Betterfly. PLEASE DO NOT POST ON THE SITE OR ANY OTHER AREAS ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU EXPECT TO KEEP PRIVATE.
      3. Financial information, including your credit card, that is entered into the Site is encrypted. Betterfly does not store your credit card information on its servers. Online Payments are sent through a secure financial gateway and we endeavor to protect the security of your payment information during transmission by using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.. Betterfly may, however, collect contact information such as name, address and phone number for billing purposes.
      4. Information pertaining to your use of Betterfly Bucks and means of purchasing Betterfly Bucks or redeeming earned available Betterfly Bucks. This information includes, but is not limited to, your mailing address used to remit earnings, your banking account information, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) or Social Security Number (SSN) where applicable by law, and any tax information you provide to us.
      5. Additional information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies (for example, we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address, or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list).
      6. Other supplemental information from third parties (for example, if you incur a debt to eBay, we will generally conduct a credit check by obtaining additional information about you from a credit bureau, as permitted by law).
    4. _Announcements, Messages, and Newsletters_. Betterfly will send you a welcome/confirmation email when you register for the Site and the Service. Receipt of this email is required to use the Site and the Service. Betterfly may periodically email you with administrative messages. Betterfly offers subscriptions to Betterfly email newsletters and information. To opt-in to such email newsletters, Users will be asked for information, such as your email address and the newsletter(s) you wish to receive. This email address will only be used for this feature. You may change your subscription or unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained in the email.
    5. _Using Service Features_.
      1. The Site and the Service include features in which Users may share information and send personalized messages to other Users. If you use this feature, Betterfly will ask you for the information needed to send the message and automatically send such messages and information. In using this feature, Betterfly stores the information for the purpose of sending the messages and use of the Site and the Service. 
      2. Betterfly may use your information to fulfill your requests for services; offer services that may be of interest to you; customize the advertising and content that you see on the Site; facilitate your use of Betterfly; manage your account and your preferences; analyze use of and improve the Site and the Service; identify and protect against fraud and/or misuses of the Site and the Service; and enforce the Terms of Use.
    6. _Optional Information_. Betterfly may also collect and analyze from Users certain information regarding the use of the Site and the Service. Information collected may include, but is not limited to, Site traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, type of browser and operating system, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, etc. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, administer the Site and the Service, and improve the quality and types of Service delivered. In addition, Betterfly uses this information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure the interest in and use of the various areas of the Site and the Service and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, their advertising banners.
    7. _Opting Out_. You may modify the types of communications you wish to receive by changing your settings as part of your profile on the Site in connection with the Service. In addition, in our marketing or promotional emails to you, Betterfly will generally include instructions on how to unsubscribe and/or inform us of your preference to not receive any marketing or promotional emails from Betterfly or Users. In the Terms of Use, you agreed that Betterfly and its users may send you customary business communications such as acceptance/rejection notices regarding content submissions, general system and administrative messages regarding your use of the Site and the Service, confirmations, and other transactional information regarding your Account. Some of these communications, you may not have the ability to opt out of receiving as long as you are registered with the Site and using the Service. 
  2. **Shared Information**
    1. _Agents and Third Parties_. Betterfly employs other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and needs to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Without your permission, these agents and third parties do not have any right to use personal information Betterfly shares with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. Betterfly may allow third party advertising companies or ad networks to display advertisements on the Site. Betterfly does not provide any personal information to these companies; however, these third parties may use tracking tools, such as cookies, to collect information about computers used to view or interact with their advertisements.
    2. _Betterist Profiles and Content_. Profile information is displayed to users publicly in connection with the Site and the Service. As part of the Site and the Service, you will receive from Betterfly and other users and partners email and other communications relating to your profile and/or communications related to your use ofthe Site and the Service. You understand that Betterfly does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Content submitted to the Site and Service relating to functions of the Site and Service that pertain to offering Services as a Betterist. You agree that any Content posted as a Betterist by you is searchable by registered and unregistered Users on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis and is publicly available on the World Wide Web. You agree that Betterfly shall be free to use or distribute such freely searchable Content on an unrestricted basis for the purpose of providing the Services. Please note, if you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using the Site and the Service, Betterfly cannot control who reads your communications and what others may do with such information. Please use caution in posting personal information.
    3. _Service Client Profiles and Content_. Profile information is displayed to Users in connection with the Site and the Service. As part of the Site and the Service, you will receive from Betterfly and other Users and partners email and other communications relating to your profile and/or communications related to your use of the Site and the Service. Please note, if you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using the Site and the Service, Betterfly cannot control who reads your communications and what others may do with such information. Please use caution in posting personal information.
    4. _Promotions, Sweepstakes, and Contests_. From time to time, Betterfly may host promotions, sweepstakes, or contests. You may be asked to provide personal information or permit the transfer to a third party of your personal information in connection with such promotion, sweepstake, or contest. It will be disclosed at the point of collection or transfer who is collecting or transferring the information and whose privacy policy applies, and it will be your choice whether or not you wish to permit such transfer or collection of personal information to a third party.
    5. _Transfers_. Betterfly will not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with nonaffiliated parties except as specified in the Policy to provide products or services you have requested or when Betterfly has your permission. Betterfly may choose to buy or sell assets in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. Betterfly will transfer information about you if Betterfly is acquired or merged with another company. In this event, Betterfly will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the Site before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned use of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Policy.
    6. _Protection of Betterfly and Others_. Betterfly may release personal information when we believe in good faith that the release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Betterfly, our employees, our Users, or others. Betterfly may disclose personally identifiable information to parties in compliance with Betterfly's Terms of Use, as Betterfly in its sole discretion believes necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events, Betterfly may disclose name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email address, and company name. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
  3. **Cookies**
    1. _Cookies May Be Necessary_. Like most websites, the Site requires cookies to function properly. Cookies are small text files that reside on a User's computer and identify you as a unique user. We use cookies to refine the Site and the Service and to tailor the User experience. You should be aware that Betterfly cannot control the use of cookies by advertisers or any information advertisers may gather from their use of cookies. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. However, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features (e.g., customized information and use of the Site and the Service) available on the Site. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use the the Site and the Service that require you to "sign in" and you may be unable to take full advantage of the Site and the Service.
  4. **Tracking Technologies**
    1. _Web Beacons_. Web Beacons/ Web Bugs (clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies. Unlike cookies which are stored on the user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in email) and are about the size of the period at the end of a sentence. Web beacons may be used to deliver or to communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns. Betterfly may also include web beacons in promotional (or other) email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Betterfly may also receive an anonymous identification number if you come to Betterfly.com from an online advertisement displayed on a third party website.
  5. **Third Party Websites**
    1. _Betterfly's Policy Does Not Apply_. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Policy, the Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information that Betterfly collects from you. Betterfly contains links to other websites. The fact that Betterfly is linked to another website is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party. The Site and the Service are collaborative, and may contain links to multiple third party sites on the Internet, including many that have different privacy and security policies and practices than Betterfly. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are Users on the Site or on the Internet, different policies may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Betterfly does control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. Betterfly makes no representations or warranties about and are not responsible for the policies and practices of those sites linked to the Site or its users. We urge you to consult the policies available on those sites to further understand their practices.
  6. **Accessing, Correcting, and Changing Registration and Contact Information**
    1. _Registration Information_. If you need to update or change your registration information, you may do so by editing your information on the Site. To update and/or access your information, log on to the Site and select your profile editing options.
    2. _Cancelling or Terminating Your Account_. If you choose to cancel your account and cease using the Site and the Service, please be aware that Betterfly may retain information in our backup and/or archival copies of our database. Betterfly may retain information for as long as required, allowed, or believed useful to retain, but does not undertake retention obligations. Betterfly may dispose of information in its discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own, separate back-up records.
  7. **Security**
    1. _Protect Your User Information_. Betterfly has implemented processes that are designed to protect User information and maintain security. Each registered User is assigned a unique user name and password which is required to access their user information. Your Betterfly Account Information is protected by your password for your privacy and security. It is the User's responsibility to protect the security of their login information. Betterfly's services are located in secure server environments. Firewalls and other security technologies are employed to prevent interference or access from outside intruders; however we cannot guarantee the security of User account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of User information at any time.
  8. **Children**
    1. Betterfly does not target its offerings toward, and does not knowingly collect any personal information from users under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not attempt to register for the Site and the Service or send any information about yourself to Betterfly. Should Betterfly collect any personal information from a user under 13 years of age, it will comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Betterfly recommends that prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 years of age ask their parents or other legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
  9. **Contact Betterfly.com**
    1. If you have any questions about the Policy, the privacy practices of Betterfly, or if you want to exercise any of the rights that you are given under the Policy, you may contact Betterfly.com at contact@betterfly.


