> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iitbombayx.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170117045622id_/https%3A//www.iitbombayx.in/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | IITBombayX

At IITBombayX, we care about the confidentiality and security of your personal information. We will use all reasonable efforts to keep your Personal Information secure in compliance with this Privacy Policy. "Personal Information" is defined below. As used in this Privacy Policy, "we", "us", and "our" refer to IITBombayX.

This Privacy Policy only applies to information that we collect through the IITBombayX Website (the "Site", which consists of all content and pages located within the IITBombayX web domain) and does not apply to information that we may collect from you in other ways (for example, this policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us over the phone, by fax, or through conventional mail).

Comments or other information posted by you to our forums, wikis or other areas of the Site designed for public communications or communications among registered class members may be viewed and downloaded by others who visit the Site. For this reason, we encourage you to use discretion when deciding whether to post any information that can be used to identify you to those forums (or other public or classified areas).

By using our Site, or providing information to IITBombayX, you understand and unambiguously consent to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of information in India or any other country or territory as decided by IITBombayX administration, for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and the [IITBombayX Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos). You hereby consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and retention by IITBombayX of your Personal Information as described under this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to the transfer of your personal data between IITBombayX and the third parties, affiliates, and subsidiaries described in this Privacy Policy. For further certainty, any consent relating to a right to transfer information referred to in this paragraph shall be deemed to include your consent to the transfer of the applicable Personal Information to a jurisdiction which may provide a different level of privacy protection than that available in your country.

If you do not agree with these terms, then please do not access, browse, or register for the Site. If you choose not to provide us with certain information required to provide you with various services offered on our Site, you may not be able to establish a user account and we may not be able to provide you with those services.

As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information about yourself that you may provide to us when using the Site, such as when you sign up for a user account or enter into a transaction through the Site, which may include (but is not limited to) your name, contact information, gender, date of birth and occupation.

We endeavour to limit the collection of Personal Information to what we need with respect to specific Site activities in order to satisfy business, legal, or regulatory requirements. For example, if you wish to receive the Honour Code Certificate of Achievement, we will collect certain Personal Information necessary to authenticate your identity, as described in greater detail in the [IITBombayX Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos). If you do not wish to submit the required authentication information, then you will not be able to get a Certificate via the Site.

We collect information, including Personal Information (described above), when you sign up for a user account, participate in online courses, register for free Honour Code Certificate, send us email messages and/or participate in our public forums. We also collect certain usage information about learner performance and patterns of learning. In addition, we track information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Site were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited and which hyperlinks and other user interface controls were used.

We may log the IP address, operating system, and browser software used by each user of the Site, and we may be able to determine from an IP address a user's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. Various web analytics tools are used to collect this information. Some of the information is collected through cookies (small text files placed on your computer that store information about you, which can be accessed by the Site). You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If you reject our cookies, many functions and conveniences of this Site may not work properly.

  * For the purpose for which you specifically provided the information, for example, to respond to a specific inquiry or provide you with access to the specific course content and/or services you select.
  * To track both individual and aggregate attendance, progress and completion of an online course, and to analyze statistics on student performance and how learners learn.
  * To monitor and detect violations of the [Honour Code, the Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos), as well as other misuse and potential misuse of the Site.
  * To publish information, but not Personal Information, gathered about IITBombayX access, use, impact, and learners' performance.
  * To send you updates about online courses offered by IITBombayX or other events, to send you communication about courses or services of IITBombayX, that may be of interest to you, or to send you email messages about Site maintenance or updates.
  * To archive this information and/or use it for future communication with you.
  * To maintain and improve the functioning and security of the Site and our software, systems, and network.
  * For purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy (including, eg. Sharing with Third Parties).
  * As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
  * To authenticate your identity when you register for Honour Code Certificate.
  * With other visitors to the Site, to the extent that you submit comments, course work, or other information or content (collectively, "Postings") to a portion of the Site designed for public communication; and with other members of an IITBombayX class of which you are a member, to the extent you submit Postings to a portion of the Site designed for viewing by those class members. We may provide your Postings to learners who later enrol in the same classes as you, within the context of the forums, the courseware, or otherwise. If we do re-post your Postings originally made to non-public portions of the Site, we will post them without your real name and e-mail (except with your express permission), but we may use your username without your consent.
  * To provide opportunities for you to communicate with other users who may have similar interests or educational goals. For instance, we may recommend specific study partners or connect potential learner mentees and mentors. In such cases, we may use all information collected about you to determine who might be interested in communicating with you, but we will only provide other users your username, and not disclose your real name or e-mail address to your contact.
  * To respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to investigate, or prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or security or technical issues, or to enforce our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos), our [Honour Code](https://web.archive.org/tos), or this Privacy Policy; as otherwise may be required by applicable law; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or those of others.
  * As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
  * For integration with third party services. For example, videos and other content may be hosted on YouTube and other websites not controlled by IITBombayX.
  * In addition, we may share aggregated information that does not personally identify you with the public and with third parties.



Our goal is to provide current and future visitors with the best possible educational experience. To further this goal, we sometimes present different users with different versions of course materials and software. We do this to personalize the experience to the individual learner (assess the learner's level of ability and learning style, and present materials best suited to the learner), to evaluate the effectiveness of our course materials, to improve our understanding of the learning process and to otherwise improve the effectiveness of our offerings. We may publish or otherwise publicize results from this process, but, unless otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy, those publications or public disclosures will not include Personal Information.

IITBombayX has a policy designed to protect Personal Information in its possession or control. This is done through a variety of privacy and security policies, processes, and procedures, including administrative, physical, and technical safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Personal Information that it creates, receives, maintains, or transmits. Nonetheless, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure; and therefore, IITBombayX cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Please note that we review and may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. When changes are made, the Privacy Policy link will include a notation "Revised (date)." indicating that you should review the new terms, which will be effective immediately upon posting on this page, with an updated effective date. The notation will be included in the Privacy Policy link for at least seven (7) days after the update has been made. By accessing the Site after any changes have been made, you signify your agreement on a prospective basis to the modified Privacy Policy and any changes contained therein. In case you miss the notification referenced above, be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy.

If you have privacy concerns, have disclosed data you would prefer to keep private, or would like to access the information we maintain about you, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact).

**Effective Date:**  25 September, 2014
