> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the odt.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140527094242id_/http%3A//www.odt.co.nz/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

_**Allied Press Limited**_

_**Privacy Policy**_

For information about the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects all personal information in New Zealand, visit [http://privacy.org.nz](http://privacy.org.nz/ "http://privacy.org.nz").  
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. Because the Internet offers the ability to collect certain types of information about users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of any information we gather. To that end, this privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. 

**Collection**

Allied Press Limited ("we" or "us") may gather two types of information about users including you ("you"):  
1\. personal information, provided by you at the time of voluntary registration for the services we offer or surveys you are asked to participate in; and  
2\. aggregated information generated by our systems or third party systems we use, which track traffic to our sites but does not relate to you personally.  
Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain services not being available to you. 

**Disclosure of Information**

We may disclose: 

1\. all information that we gather, including your personal information to Allied Press Limited and its related companies; 

2\. aggregated tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties such as our advertisers and partners; 

3\. your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law; 

4\. your personal information to third parties provided we have your prior authorisation, which we will usually obtain at the time of collecting the information from you. 

**Use**

We use the personal information we collect: 

1\. for verification of your identity and assisting you in case you forget your password or login details for our registration services; 

2\. for authorising and processing credit card transactions which you enter into online; 

3\. to assist in providing the services requested by you; 

4\. to provide further information to you about other websites and services or which we consider may be of interest to you; 

5\. for future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including to carry out direct marketing, email marketing, market research and surveys; 

6\. for ensuring that you are shown the advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and 

7\. for any other uses that you authorise. 

**Cookies and Tracking**

We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (Windows, NT or Mac), Browser (eg. Microsoft, Netscape or other, plus the version of Browser) and domain (whether you are accessing the site from NZ or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by "cookies" to: 

1\. track traffic patterns to and from our site including information like the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to); 

2\. ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and 

3\. enable you to enter our sites and use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site.  
You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our websites, but you may need them for customisable areas of the site that we may develop in the future. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could effect your reading experience 

**Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners**

We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with our sites and to whom you provide personal information whilst using one of our sites or services. Our sites contain links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party. 

**Third Party Ad Servers**

Some of our advertisers use third party companies to serve advertisements when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites, including information gathered by cookies, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not control the practices of these companies and they may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party. 

**Opting in and Opting Out**

If our intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal information is outside the collection, use or disclosure set out in this Privacy Policy we will give you the option to: 

1\. opt out and not receive certain services or participate in certain interactive areas; or 

2\. opt in, for example agreeing to be contacted by us in relation to certain matters such as notification of new features to the website, beta testing or promotional activities. 

**  
Changes to Policy**

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying site users of the existence of a revised privacy policy. 

**Holding, Correcting and Updating**

Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and held by us at 52 Stuart Street, Dunedin, New Zealand. Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have rights of access to and correction of personal information that we hold. We offer the ability to correct or change the information collected at any time and as often as necessary. If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this statement, contact us by email at [privacy@alliedpress.co.nz](mailto:privacy@alliedpress.co.nz) or by mail to Allied Press Limited, 52 Stuart Street, PO Box 517, Dunedin, New Zealand. 
