> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the twinfinite.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181218214940id_/https%3A//twinfinite.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us [by email.](mailto:hq@twinfinite.net)

At [Twinfinite](https://twinfinite.net/), we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by Twinfinite and how we use it.

Effective date: May 28, 2018

Twinfinite, LLC (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://twinfinite.net website (the “Service”).

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://twinfinite.net

## Definitions

  *  **Service** Service is the http://twinfinite.net website operated by Twinfinite, LLC
  *  **Personal Data** Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
  *  **Usage Data** Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
  *  **Cookies** Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
  *  **Data Controller** Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
  *  **Data Processors (or Service Providers)** Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
  *  **Data Subject (or User)** Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.



## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Cookies and Usage Data



#### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  *  **Session Cookies.**  We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  *  **Preference Cookies.**  We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  *  **Security Cookies.**  We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
  *  **Advertising Cookies.**  Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.



## Use of Data

Twinfinite, LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues



## Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Twinfinite, LLC legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Twinfinite, LLC may process your Personal Data because:

  * We need to perform a contract with you
  * You have given us permission to do so
  * The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
  * To comply with the law



## Retention of Data

Twinfinite, LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Twinfinite, LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Twinfinite, LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Data

### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Twinfinite, LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Legal Requirements

Twinfinite, LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of Twinfinite, LLC
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



## Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## “Do Not Track” Signals

We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Twinfinite, LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  *  **The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.**  Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
  *  **The right of rectification.**  You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
  *  **The right to object.**  You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
  *  **The right of restriction.**  You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
  *  **The right to data portability.**  You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
  *  **The right to withdraw consent.**  You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Twinfinite, LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.



Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

  *  **Google Analytics  **Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en>

  *  **Statcounter  **Statcounter is a web traffic analysis tool. You can read the Privacy Policy for Statcounter here: <https://statcounter.com/about/legal/>



### WordPress.com Stats

 **Data Used:**  IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code.  _Important:_  The site owner does  **not**  have access to any of this information via this feature. For example, a site owner can see that a specific post has 285 views, but he/she cannot see which specific users/accounts viewed that post. Stats logs — containing visitor IP addresses and WordPress.com usernames (if available) — are retained by [Automattic](https://automattic.com/) for 28 days and are used for the sole purpose of powering this feature.

 **Activity Tracked:**  Post and page views, [video plays](https://jetpackme.wordpress.com/support/for-your-privacy-policy/#video-hosting) (if videos are hosted by WordPress.com), outbound link clicks, referring URLs and search engine terms, and country. When this module is enabled, Jetpack also tracks performance on each page load that includes the Javascript file used for tracking stats. This is exclusively for aggregate performance tracking across Jetpack sites in order to make sure that our plugin and code is not causing performance issues. This includes the tracking of page load times and resource loading duration (image files, Javascript files, CSS files, etc.). The site owner has the ability to force this feature [to honor DNT settings of visitors](https://jetpack.com/support/wordpress-com-stats/#honoring-dnt). By default, DNT is currently not honored.

### Advertising

We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.

  *  **Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie **Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: [http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/](https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/)
  * [ **Playwire**](https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy/)
  * [ **GumGum**](https://gumgum.com/privacy-policy)
  * [ **Outbrain**](https://www.outbrain.com/legal/)
  * [ **Disqus**](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy)



## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Last updated: May 28, 2018

Twinfinite (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on the http://twinfinite.net website (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.

Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.

## What are cookies

Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.

Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.

## How Twinfinite uses cookies

When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.

We use cookies for the following purposes:

  * To enable certain functions of the Service
  * To provide analytics
  * To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising



We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:

  * Essential cookies. We may use cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user’s language preference on the Service.
  * Analytics cookies. We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
  * Advertising cookies. These type of cookies are used to deliver advertisements on and through the Service and track the performance of these advertisements. These cookies may also be used to enable third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities or interests.



## Third-party cookies

In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.

## Comments

We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).

## Images

User-submitted images may be transmitted to image compression servers in the United States and stored there for up to 30 days.

## What are your choices regarding cookies

If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.

Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.

  * For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: <https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050>
  * For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: [http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835)
  * For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: <https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored>
  * For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: <https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US>
  * For any other web browser, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.



## Where can you find more information about cookies

You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:

  * AllAboutCookies: <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/>
  * Network Advertising Initiative: [http://www.networkadvertising.org/](https://www.networkadvertising.org/)



Last updated: May 28, 2018

Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the http://twinfinite.net website (the “Service”) operated by Twinfinite, LLC (“us”, “we”, or “our”).

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.

## Intellectual Property

The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Twinfinite, LLC and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Twinfinite, LLC.

## Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Twinfinite, LLC

Twinfinite, LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.

You acknowledge and agree that Twinfinite, LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.

## Termination

We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

## Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Twinfinite, LLC and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.

## Limitation Of Liability

In no event shall Twinfinite, LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

## Disclaimer

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.

Twinfinite, LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.

## Exclusions

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Florida, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

 **Update**  
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: October 2018  
_Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here._
