> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the twistapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190601145526id_/https%3A//twist.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Twist: Clear & Organized Team Communication

When registering for Twist we (“Doist Limited”) ask for information such as your name and email address. For Twist Unlimited Customers (as described in [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms)), we may also store your billing address, credit card information and tax identification number for billing purposes. Your information is only used internally for the necessary operation of Twist and won't be shared with others.

Twist collects the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, and information submitted through voluntary activities such as site registrations or participation in surveys. Twist also collects user activity data for analytical purposes. The user data we collect is used to improve Twist and the quality of our service. We only collect personal data that is required to provide our service, and we only store it insofar that it is necessary to deliver these services.

Twist uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Twist. Although Doist owns the code, databases, and all rights to the Twist application, Customers retain all rights to the data which includes but not limited to text, graphics, videos and audio files (“your data”). If a person is invited to Twist by a Customer as a User (as described in the [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms)), the Customer retains control of the data uploaded or generated by the user. Our Customers might have their own policies regarding the usage of the data uploaded or shared in Twist.

We will never share your data with any 3rd parties without your prior authorization, and we will never sell data to any 3rd parties. In case of 3rd party service integrations, when you connect 3rd party app(s) to Twist, you authorize Twist to share designated information and data created and/or uploaded by you to our Server with these 3rd party services of your choice on your behalf. We are not responsible for how 3rd party integration services may collect, use or share the information/data you send from Twist. It’s important that you are aware of the privacy policy of the integration partner(s) before connecting those services to Twist.

We will not voluntarily disclose your data and information to any government organizations and entities. We will only disclose your data and information to government agencies when we are forced to fulfill legal or regulatory requirements. We will email or send Service notifications to our Customer if the Customer’s account is under investigation by government agencies.

We may disclose aggregated and anonymous usage data for marketing and analytic purposes.

We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. We also use cookies for website analytics. Cookies are required to use Twist.

We do NOT partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.

All your data and information transmitted with the Service is secured by SSL protocol. Please read our [Security Policy](https://web.archive.org/security) for more details.

For more details and frequently asked questions about our policies, read our [Security, Privacy and GDPR FAQs](https://twist.zendesk.com/hc/articles/360000808725).

If our information practices change in the future we will post the policy changes to our website and notify you of these changes. We will use the data for new purposes only with data collected from the time of the policy change and going forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check our website periodically.
