> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the twistys.net privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061225080612id_/http%3A//www.twistys.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EENT, Inc. Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is applicable to Twistys.com, 

Twistys, Inc. does NOT collect personally identifiable information about individuals, except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the members' area registration process. However, personally identifiable information on individual users is simply used for fraud prevention and age verification purposes and will NOT be sold or otherwise transferred to any third parties. Twistys, Inc. reserves the right only to contact a subscriber regarding his/her membership account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. Twistys, Inc. is very much against spam mail activities and does not participate in such mailings, nor do we release or authorize the use of membership data for such purposes. 

Twistys, Inc. reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user aggregate user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. Twistys, Inc. will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. No individual level data is collected or distributed. Also, users should be aware that Twistys, Inc. may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a Twistys, Inc. site. Twistys, Inc. is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. 

The foregoing policies are effective as of July 1st, 1998. Twistys, Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 
