> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the twit.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629102822id_/https%3A//twit.tv/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Introduction

Our Privacy Policy Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.

Our Terms Of Use Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.

For our Terms of Use see <https://twit.tv/terms-use>

## Privacy Policy

Effective date: May 24, 2018

TWiT LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the [twit.tv](https://twit.tv/) website, related RSS feeds, media content and API (the "TWiT Core Services").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our TWiT Core Services and the choices you have associated with that data. We minimize use of personal data to just the information necessary to provide and improve the TWiT Core Services. By using the TWiT Core Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

The TWiT Core Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years of age.

Additionally, TWiT LLC operates the TWiT IRC ([irc.twit.tv](http://irc.twit.tv/)), TWiT Wiki ([wiki.twit.tv](http://wiki.twit.tv/)) and TWiT Newsletter ([twit.tv/newsletter](https://twit.tv/newsletter)), (the “TWiT Optional Services”)

This page also informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our TWiT Optional Services and the choices you have associated with that data.

By using the TWiT Optional Services, you agree to the collection and use of additional information in accordance with this policy. Collectively, these two services are known as “The TWiT Services”.

## Definitions

 **TWiT Core Services**

TWiT Core Services means the twit.tv website, related RSS feeds, media content and API operated by TWiT LLC.

 **TWiT Optional Services**

TWiT Optional Services means the TWiT IRC ([irc.twit.tv](http://irc.twit.tv/)), TWiT Wiki ([wiki.twit.tv](http://wiki.twit.tv/)) and TWiT Newsletter ([twit.tv/newsletter](https://twit.tv/newsletter)), (the “TWiT Optional Services”), operated by TWiT LLC.

 **The TWiT Services**

The TWiT Services means the combined “TWiT Core Services” and “TWiT Optional Services” as listed above and will be used below when applicable to both services for clarity.

 **TWiT Social Media**

TWiT Social Media means the combined and various official social media accounts on platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google+, Instagram, etc.

 **Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

 **Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of The TWiT Services or from The TWiT Services infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit or an IP address).

 **Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of tracking data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

 **Data Controller**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

 **Data Processors (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively or provide our services.

 **Data Subject (or User)**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using The TWiT Services and is the subject of Personal Data.

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve The TWiT Services to you.

### Types of Data Collected

 **Personal Data**

While using The TWiT Core Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Cookies and Usage Data



Additionally, while using TWiT Optional Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * E-Mail Address
  * Social Media Username and related Data when interacting with TWiT Social Media
  * IRC Username
  * Full Name



 **Usage Data**

We may also collect information how The TWiT Services is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of The TWiT Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We do not try to identify individuals or otherwise collect Identifiable Information from IP addresses or web log information. IP addresses and web log information are used by TWiT LLC to, among other things, administer the Site, help diagnose technical problems, to track and analyze aggregate data associated with the Site, to design this Site and identify popular features.

We may aggregate IP addresses and/or web log information, and may store, analyze, manipulate, display, disclose, distribute, retain and otherwise use such non personally identifiable information. We may also provide IP addresses and/or web log information to law enforcement agencies if someone tries to damage The TWiT Services or use them in an unauthorized or illegal way.

 **Tracking Cookies Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on The TWiT Services and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze The TWiT Services.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of The TWiT Services.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  *  **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate The TWiT Services.
  *  **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
  *  **Advertising Cookies.** Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.



## Use of Data

TWiT LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain The TWiT Services
  * To provide support for The TWiT Services
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve The TWiT Services
  * To monitor the usage and security of The TWiT Services
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues



We also use the collected data to deliver relevant ads to you when you use The TWiT Services. As noted above, third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/), and to opt-out of such advertising networks' and services' advertising practices, go to [www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices). TWiT adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles.

If you are a user of the TWiT Optional Services, TWiT may periodically send promotional materials or notifications on the “TWiT Social Media” social media accounts. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can follow the unfollow or unsubscribe instructions in the relevant social media services. We do not store the content posted on these services. For privacy policies and terms of use, refer to the relating social media service in question.

If you have subscribed to the TWiT Newsletter service, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. If you have signed up as a contributor for the TWiT Wiki, you may delete your account or contact us to have it deleted.

## Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), TWiT LLC’s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

TWiT LLC may process your Personal Data because:

  * We need to perform a contract with you
  * You have given us permission to do so
  * The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
  * To comply with the law



We may engage with third party hosting and content providers who act as our Data Processors under the GDPR and provide us sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures that their processing will meet the requirements of this Regulation and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject.

## Retention of Data

TWiT LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

TWiT LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of The TWiT Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

TWiT LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Data

 **Business Transaction**

If TWiT LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

 **Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, TWiT LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

 **Legal Requirements**

TWiT LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of TWiT LLC or their Employees
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the TWiT Services
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the TWiT Services or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



## Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. TWiT LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  *  **The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.** As we do not provide user accounts or profiles with the TWiT Core Services, you can only access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us to assist you. If you are a user of the TWiT Optional Services you may delete your account or unsubscribe from the services, or contact us to assist you.
  *  **The right of rectification.** You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
  *  **The right to object.** You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
  *  **The right of restriction.** You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
  *  **The right to data portability.** You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
  *  **The right to withdraw consent.** You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where TWiT LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.



Please note that we do not attempt to tie IP address information to individual users as part of our processing of Usage Data for the TWiT Services.

You may be required to provide proof of ownership of an IP address from the relevant ISP at each time of use for each removal if you wish us to remove IP address information from our records. This is to protect the privacy of other users information as IP addresses can be shared by multiple users.

However, IP address data is only collected for as long as necessary for the security of the TWiT Services and access to the IP information is restricted to the appropriate administrators and service providers.

Please note that we may require you to verify your identity via postal mail for your data security and protection. Valid, identified requests will be responded to within the 30 day requirements of the GDPR upon receipt of the request. Contact privacy@twit.tv for more information.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate The TWiT Services ("Service Providers"), to provide the TWiT Services on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how The TWiT Services are used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of The TWiT Services.

 **Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of The TWiT Services. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the TWiT Services available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

### Advertising

We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain The TWiT Services.

 **DoubleClick for Publishers**

DoubleClick for Publishers is an advertising service provided by Google.

For more information about DoubleClick for Publishers, please visit their Privacy Policy: <https://www.google.com/doubleclick/publishers/small-business/terms.html>

### Newsletter

As a part of the TWiT Optional Services, and with your opt-in consent, we may use third-party Service Providers to send email newsletters and track the interaction with them to provide you with the newsletter.

 **MailChimp**

MailChimp is a newsletter service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC.

For more information about MailChimp, please visit their Privacy Policy: <https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/>

### Behavioral Remarketing

TWiT LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited The TWiT Services. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to The TWiT Services.

 **Google AdWords**

Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: <http://www.google.com/settings/ads>

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> \- for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

**Twitter**

Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.

You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: <https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405>

You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: <https://twitter.com/privacy>

**Facebook**

Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.

You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: <https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950>

To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217>

Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada <http://youradchoices.ca/> or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe <http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/>, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.

For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: <https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation>

## Links to Other Sites

The TWiT Services may contain links to other sites or applications that are not operated by us, including fan created content and applications not controlled by TWiT LLC. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site and application you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly collect or request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via a prominent notice on the TWiT.tv home page and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

  * By mail: TWiT LLC, Attn: Legal Department, 1351-B Redwood Way, Petaluma, CA 94954, United States
  * By email: privacy@twit.tv


