> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lampsplus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041209120925id_/http%3A//lampsplus.com/htmls/help/security.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LAMPS PLUS Security and Privacy Policy

> You can visit most of the pages on LAMPS PLUS without ever telling us who you are. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and look at this data for user trends and statistics, but individual site visitors remain anonymous, unless, at some point, you tell us who you are.
> 
> When you purchase a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive mailings or participate in sweepstakes and promotions, you are asked to provide certain information about yourself. This may include some or all of the following: your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, etc. We also maintain a record of your online product purchases. Without providing the above information, you may be unable to order products or access certain services.
> 
> We use the personal information about you for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order. We do not sell, rent or share e-mail addresses with any third parties. However, to serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs, including personal information about you and/or your order. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Select Partners and other persons or companies whom we have deemed to be trustworthy and responsible and whose privacy policies are aligned with ours. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and that will allow Select Partners and other persons or companies to contact you regarding products and/or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at [opt-out@LAMPSPLUS.com](mailto:opt-out@LAMPSPLUS.com). We do reserve the right to disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing injury to you, LAMPS PLUS or to others. We may also disclose personal information when we believe the law requires it.
> 
> If you purchase something from us, we may occasionally send out e-mails to our customers to announce special events or sales. If you wish to be removed from our e-mail list, please visit the [LAMPS PLUS E-Mail](https://web.archive.org/web/20041209120925id_/http%3A//lampsplus.com/htmls/newsletter/email/index.aspx) page and follow the screen directions, or you may call 1-800-782-1967. Opt-out instructions are also included with each piece of LAMPS PLUS e-mail.
> 
> If you choose to remove your e-mail address from our mailing list, LAMPS PLUS, in compliance with the CAN-SPAM legislation, may occasionally supply a list of removed e-mail addresses to our advertising partners. This is done to ensure that those e-mail addresses do not receive new advertising offers from us through our advertising partners.
> 
> In addition, when we join with another company to offer or provide services, products, sweepstakes, contests or promotions, we and the other company may cross-reference our customer databases to identify common customers. We and the other company may use that existing information to identify future promotional opportunities and to fulfill promotional or contractual obligations.
> 
> When we offer contests and promotions, or join with other companies to do so, customers who choose to participate in those contests and promotions may be asked to provide personal information to participate. That information may then be used by us and any company offering the contest or promotion to notify winners or to fulfill promotional obligations.
