> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lampfind.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130806040359id_/http%3A//www.lampfind.com/about.html%3Fmethod%3Dpolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Policy - lampfind.com

## Policy

**1\. The Information We Collect**

1.1 Registration Information:  
At the time you register to become a Registered User of the Site, you will be asked to fill out a registration form which requires you provide information such as your name, address, phone/fax number, email address and other personal information as well as information about your business (“Registration Information”).   
1.2 Publishing Information:  
If you submit any information to lampfind.com to be published on the Site through the publishing tools, including but not limited to Company Directory, Product Catalog, Trade Leads, then you are deemed to have given consent to the publication of such information (“Publishing Information”).   
1.3 Payment Information:  
If you establish a credit account with us or our providers or if you purchase a product or service from lampfind.com or a vendor available through lampfind.com, we may collect additional information, including billing information, credit card numbers and expiration dates and tracking information from cheques or money orders (“Payment Information”).   
1.4 Statistical Information:  
In addition, we gather aggregate statistical information about our Site and Users, such as IP addresses, browser software, operating system, pages viewed, number of sessions and unique visitors, etc. (“Statistical Information”). Registration Information, Publishing Information, Payment Information, Statistical Information and any information we may collect from you through the use of cookies (see Section 5 below) or any other means shall collectively be referred to as “Collected Information”. 

**2\. How We May Use Information**

2.1 General:  
We use your Collected Information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site's content, layout and service specifically for you. We may use your Collected Information to service your Account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us. We may share certain aggregate information based on analysis of Collected Information with our partners, customers, advertisers or potential Users. We may use your Collected Information to execute marketing campaigns, promotions or advertising messages on behalf of third parties; however, in these circumstances, your Collected Information will not be disclosed to such third parties unless you respond to the marketing, promotion or advertising message.   
2.2 Registration Information:  
We may use your Registration Information to provide services that you request or to contact you regarding additional services about which lampfind.com determines that you might be interested. Specifically, we may use your email address, mailing address, phone number or fax number to contact you regarding notices, surveys, product alerts, new service or product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Site. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Registration Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions.   
2.3 Publishing Information:  
All of your Publishing Information will be publicly available on the Site and therefore accessible by any internet user. Any Publishing Information that you disclose to lampfind.com becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights (including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights) in such information. You should exercise caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information in the Publishing Information that you submit to us.   
2.4 Payment Information:  
lampfind.com will share your Payment Information with banks or vendors relevant to the transaction in order to enable transactions to be completed. In addition, lampfind.com may use Payment Information to determine your credit-worthiness and, in the process of such determination, lampfind.com may make such Payment Information available to banks or credit agencies. Any credit card information that you provide through the Site is directly submitted to a payment server of the credit card processing bank. lampfind.com does not maintain electronic or physical copies of your credit card information. While lampfind.com has in place up-to-date technology and internal procedures to guard your Payment Information against intruders, there is no guarantee that such technology or procedure can eliminate all of the risks of theft, loss or mis-use. lampfind.com shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages that might result from unauthorized use, publication, disclosure or any other mis-use of Payment Information, including credit card information.   
2.5 Statistical Information:  
We use Statistical Information to help diagnose problems with and maintain our computer servers, to manage our Site, and to enhance your Site and services based on the usage pattern data we receive. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Statistical Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions. We may provide Statistical Information to third parties, but when we do so, we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission. 

**3\. Cookies**  
3.1 We use “cookies” to store specific information about you and track your visits to our Site. It is not uncommon for web sites to use cookies to enhance identification of their users. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can be sent to your computer’s hard drive only if you access our Site using the computer. If you do not de-activate or erase the cookie, each time you use the same computer to access our Site, our web servers will be notified of your visit to our Site and in turn we may have knowledge of your visit and the pattern of your usage. Generally, we use cookies to identify you and enable us to access your Registration Information, Publishing Information or Payment Information so you do not have to re-enter it; gather statistical information about usage by Users; research visiting patters and help target advertisements based on User interests; assist our partners to track User visits to the Site and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions.   
3.2 You can determine if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your browser’s which is installed in the computer you are using to access the Site. If you desire, you can change those configurations in your browser. By setting your preferences in the browser, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is sent, or you can reject all cookies. If you reject all cookies by choosing the cookie-disabling function in your browser, you may be required to re-enter your information on our Site more often and certain features of our Site may be unavailable. 
