> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lumenis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150514173730id_/http%3A//www.lumenis.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lumenis - Energy to Healthcare

**PRIVACY STATEMENT  
**  
This website (the “ **Website** ”) is operated by Lumenis Ltd. (Lumenis Ltd. together with its affiliates and subsidiaries shall be referred to as “ **Lumenis** ”). Lumenis respects the privacy of visitors to this Website and understands that information about you, your health, and your health care is sensitive. Lumenis developed this Privacy Statement to provide information about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide when you visit this Website. This Privacy Statement applies to information collected on this Website and does not govern the privacy of any information gathered off-line.

We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement before submitting information. By using this Website, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement.

Lumenis will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how Website is protecting your information.

     **1.     COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
Personal identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, address or telephone number, may be collected via the Website. The Website also collects anonymous demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites and other respective data.  There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by The Website. This information can include amongst others: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by The Website for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Website.

To the extent that the Website includes interactive content, such as, chat rooms, message boards, public discussions, or any other features open to the general public, any personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data that you choose to share or disclose, may be collected and used by others. Please note: Lumenis does not read any of your private online communications.

The Website contains links to other web sites that may offer useful information. Lumenis encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the Website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Lumenis is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Website and Websites’ family of websites.

You may contact us to update or correct much of your personally identifiable information that you provide to us through the Website other than the limited information described below under the Regulatory Requirements and Law Enforcement Section, or to opt-out from our mailings and other services and communications that you may have signed up for. To do so, please contact us at [receptionil@lumenis.com](mailto:).

     **2.     USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
The Website collects and uses your personal information to deliver the services you have requested and to operate the Website. The Website also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Lumenis. Lumenis may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

Lumenis does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Lumenis may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Lumenis may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Lumenis, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

     **3.     USE AND DISCLOSURE OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
Lumenis will not treat as confidential any information that you provide that is not personally identifiable, such as questions, comments, ideas, or suggestions. You should be aware that Lumenis will be free to disclose through any means and use for any purpose such information in its sole discretion. By providing such information to Lumenis, you understand and agree that no relationship has been created between Lumenis and yourself, and Lumenis has no obligation to you whatsoever regarding such information.

     **4.     USE OF COOKIES**  
The Website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by the webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a webserver in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the webserver that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the Website pages, or register with Website services or sites, a cookie helps the Website to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Website’s features that you customized.  
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Website’ services.

     **5.     SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
Lumenis makes all reasonable efforts to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Lumenis secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When applicable, personal information (such as a credit card number) transmitted to other websites, is protected through the use of encryption, such as PayPal or Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. However, Lumenis cannot guarantee that it is completely secure from people who might attempt to evade our security measures or intercept transmissions over the Internet.

     **6.     REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT**  
Lumenis may be required, by court order or as otherwise required by law, to divulge personally identifiable information to law enforcement authorities, the courts, or regulatory authorities. Lumenis will cooperate in responding to such requests, in accordance with the regulatory or legal process, and will take appropriate measures to ensure that the requester understands the sensitive nature of any health-related personally identifiable information they receive.

If you contact us regarding your experience with using any of our products, we may use the information you provide in submitting reports to the U.S. FDA, and as otherwise required of us by law or governmental audit. We may also use the information to contact your healthcare professional to follow up regarding an unexpected event involving the use of any one of our products. You understand that in order to comply with the law, Lumenis may not be permitted to comply with your request to amend or remove personally identifiable information that was provided to Lumenis by a healthcare professional or a consumer regarding an adverse event or reaction involving medicine, medical products or medical devices. 

     **7.     ONLINE PRIVACY FOR CHILDREN**  
Lumenis is committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years old, however Lumenis is dependent on the Website’ users to identify themselves as children under 18 years old and therefore Lumenis will assume no liability thereon if the user’s age was not stated properly or at all. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child may contact us [receptionil@lumenis.com](mailto:).

     **8.     CONTACT INFORMATION**  
Lumenis welcomes your comments and questions regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that the Website has not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please contact Lumenis at: [receptionil@lumenis.com](mailto:). We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
