> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xxxfilmjobs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081202004900id_/http%3A//www.xxxfilmjobs.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

The xxx film jobs privacy policy document has been created to demonstrate the firm commitment on the part of xxx film jobs to protect your personal information and to inform you about how we handle your personal information. 

This privacy policy applies to transactions and activities in which you engage while on the xxx film jobs website, and to data gathered on the xxx film jobs Website through forms which you fill out,or through script processes used to manage your use of the xxx film jobs website. The privacy policy also applies to double blind email communications between xxx film jobs members (collectively, the "Site") but does not apply to any other Website or offline point of contact between xxx film jobs, or any other company, and consumers. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. By visiting the site or providing us with information you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. This is applicable with each visit to the site.

**Your IP Address**  
For the purpose of studying our website usage and gathering broad demographic data that is useful to us in optimizing our website and monitoring the use of our service, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. 

**Cookies**  
While we do not store any cookies on your system to track your activities on the site, we do store information on our own system that allows us to let other members know when you are online. 

**Information We Collect From You**  
In order to operate the Site and to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we may collect "personal information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you directly (without using the Site) such as full name, postal address, phone number or email address), "financial information" (i.e. credit card numbers or passwords) or "demographic information" (i.e. information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date. Demographic information is divided into two categories: 1) "non-public information", which consists of purchase history information and one-on-one communications between you and other users of the Site; and 2) "public information", which consists of all other demographic information. We ask that you do not enter personal information or financial information into your “Profile” (for example, don’t use your address or passcode as your username, or include your name or address in your written responses), because if you do then it may be posted publicly on the Site, and the information will then be treated as "demographic information" that is "public information." Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 18 years old. 

**Information Other Websites Collect From You**

On the Site, we place links to other Websites operated by other parties. When you click on these links and visit these other Websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other Websites or these other Websites’ business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other Websites. Consequently, the operators of these other Websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. 

**How We Use Personal Information**  
We use your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the Site, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the Site (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with xxx film jobs), and to forward messages to you from other xxx film jobs users. These types of communications, are known as "Operational Communications." In some cases, Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner ads and special offers. 

We also use personal information to send you newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for xxx film jobs’s or third parties’ goods or services. We attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information. The Site provides you with options to decline to receive communications from xxx film jobs (other than those contained in Operational Communications). Some of these options may only be for a certain category of communications; others may be more general. By posting a profile on the Site, you are opting in to receive communication from xxx film jobs by email. To stop receiving email communication from xxx film jobs, go to the "Preferences" section of your account settings and make the necessary changes. 

To operate the Site, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Site, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose. 

By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site, or electing to receive communications (such as emails or magazine subscriptions) or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site, you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us. 

**How We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information**  
We may review all demographic information. We may use public information to enable other users to find your profile, to determine whether they are a match for you and to communicate with you. We may use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to your interests. We may also share demographic information with advertisers on an anonymous and aggregated basis (i.e., without telling the advertisers your identity). One of the reasons we may do this is to increase the likelihood that our advertisers’ goods and services will appeal to xxx film jobs’s users, so that we may target specific ads at specific demographic groups. Our sharing of demographic information with advertisers is anonymous (i.e., we do not tell advertisers which particular xxx film jobs users are members of which demographic groups), subject to the rest of this privacy policy. When you respond to an advertisement, however, we ask you to remember that if that ad that is targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser your personal information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group. Please also be aware that when we disclose your financial information or personal information to a Co-Branded Company, as described above, we may also disclose to that Co-Branded Company your demographic information, other than the content of one-on-one communications between you and other members. Please also be aware that we may disclose your demographic information on a non-anonymous basis as described above in the paragraph titled "Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information." Also, to read further details about how we may use your public information, see our Terms of Use . 

**Our Security Precautions**  
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. 

**How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information and Public Information**  
We give you the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications and modify personal information or demographic information you have provided to us, and to hide demographic information from, or make demographic information visible to, the public users of the Site, at anytime by going to the Account Settings or My Profile section of the Site. Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect on the public areas of the Site. We thank you for your patience. Please note that changing or deleting your information through the "Preferences" section of the Site, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from xxx film jobs, will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of future activities on the Site and for managing future communications from xxx film jobs. These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy. 

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, you can contact us by sending an email to [xxxfilmjobs@hotmail.com](mailto:xxxfilmjobs@hotmail.com)
