> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the edinboro.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191114233539id_/http%3A//www.edinboro.edu/directory/offices-services/communications-marketing/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Edinboro University

### Cookies

The Edinboro University web site makes use of Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use the site. This analytical tool uses cookies, which are text files placed on the user’s computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous manner. The information generated by the cookie about a visitor’s use of the web site (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the web site and to compile statistical reports on web site activity.

Edinboro University does not (and does not allow any third party) to use Google Analytics to collect or track any personally identifiable information about visitors to our site. We do not associate any data gathered from the site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of Google Analytics.  Google does not associate a user’s IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Edinboro University nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. Additional information about cookies is available via Wikipedia. 

### Targeted Advertising

Edinboro University uses cookies placed on the user’s computer by us or third parties to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other web sites. If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising, you can do so at [www.networkadvertising.org/choices](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices).

### Online Forms

Information entered into online forms on this web site (typically directory type information such as name, address, phone number, etc.) may be delivered to its recipients by email. Visitors should be aware that email is not a secure form of communication. If you do not feel comfortable with sending information via email, please feel free to contact the appropriate office by postal mail or by phone. Contact information is provided in the left-hand column of every page on the site.

### Online Directory

The directory is provided for those involved with Edinboro University and for others who have a specific interest in reaching individuals on campus. Information obtained from these online directories may not be used to provide addresses for outside mailings to Edinboro University faculty or staff. Any solicitation of business, information, contributions or other response from individuals listed in the directory by mail, telephone, email, or other means is forbidden.

### Online Payments

Edinboro University contracts with third party vendors to provide electronic payment options for various processes, such as paying the application fee or fulfilling semester tuition and fee payments. Each of these vendors is likewise obligated to protect the privacy of individuals and ensure the highest level of security. Users are encouraged to read the privacy statements for the particular site(s) that allow for the online payments.
