> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the editorialmanager.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150321090554id_/http%3A//www.editorialmanager.com/homepage/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ARIES SYSTEMS CORPORATION -- WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT

**ARIES SYSTEMS CORPORATION -- WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT** _Last Updated:_ September 1, 2014 

   **1\. Introduction.** Aries Systems Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation (the “Company”), is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of each User of the Website. This Privacy Policy explains under what circumstances Aries Systems and/or the Publishers (Aries Systems and Publishers shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy, collectively, as “we,” “us,” or “our”) gather information relating to each User (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “you” or “your”), how we use such information, and who may access that information. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use. All defined terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto herein. 

YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH AND ACCEPT ALL OF THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR DO NOT PROVIDE OR SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION VIA OR WHILE USING THE WEBSITE, THE SOFTWARE, OR THE SERVICES.   
This Privacy Policy may be revised by us periodically. We advise that you review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Website so that you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Website following any changes in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modifications. 

For purposes of this Statement, "Publisher" shall mean any organization to which Aries Systems provides Web Services, and "Publication" shall mean any intellectual manifestation created or controlled by the Publisher. 

Aries Systems Corporation complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Aries Systems Corporation has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Aries Systems Corporation’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. 

         **2\. Collection of Personal Information.** There are two primary methods through which we may collect personal information from you. The first method is in connection with the establishment of your User Account. The specific personally identifiable information that we collect in connection with the account registration process (“Registration Information”) may vary depending on the specific requirements of the Publisher or the Publication, but typically always includes your name, e-mail address, and the name of the institution or association with which you are affiliated. During the registration process, we may also collect other information from which your identity is discernible , such as your address and telephone number.   
The second method is when you make personally identifiable information available while using the Website, the Software or the Services (“User Information”). You may make User Information available in connection with the submission, editing, and/or review of a Manuscript, and/or the uploading, submission, or transmission of other User Submissions. For example, if you are an Author and elect to submit a Manuscript, you have the option of providing additional information that you believe may be of interest to the Publisher or the Publication, such as your age, gender, race, life or professional experiences, and academic or professional qualifications. Alternatively, a Publisher or Publication may request that you provide certain information in connection with the submission of a Manuscript, including information such as your age, gender, race, protected status, life or professional experiences, and academic or professional qualifications.   
While User Information may assist in the review and publication process, you are under no obligation to provide any User Information. If you do provide User Information, you are thereby consenting to the use and disclosure of such User Information in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. Aries Systems does not monitor the nature of User Information that may be requested by the Publisher or the Publication or User Information that is submitted or provided by User, and does not represent or warrant that such User Information may be requested or provided under applicable law. As such, we encourage you to carefully consider whether to provide any User Information, and to raise any questions or concerns that you may have relating to a request for Personal Information directly with the Publisher or the Publication making such request. 

         **3\. Our Use and Sharing of Your Personal Information.** Aries Systems does not claim ownership of any of your Registration Information or User Information (collectively, “Personal Information”). Aries Systems collects and stores Personal Information on its servers and computer networks solely on behalf of the Publisher and/or the Publication. All Personal Information is owned by the Publisher and/or the Publication and may be accessed by the Publisher or the Publication at any time. At the request of the Publisher or the Publication, Aries Systems will disclose your Personal Information to the Publisher or the Publication. **THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT DESCRIBE OR GOVERN HOW THE PUBLISHER OR THE PUBLICATION MAY USE OR DISCLOSE ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. ARIES SYSTEMS CORPORATION DOES NOT HAVE ANY INFORMATION CONCERNING HOW THE PUBLISHER OR THE PUBLICATION MAY USE OR DISCLOSE ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH THE PUBLISHER OR PUBLICATION DIRECTLY FOR INFORMATION CONCERNING HOW THE PUBLISHER OR THE PUBLICATION WILL USE OR DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.** Although we reserve the right to review and monitor any of your Personal Information, we typically simply store your Personal Information on our servers and computer networks and we are generally not knowledgeable of any of the specific details of your User Information. Aries Systems will only use your Personal Information as is reasonably necessary in connection with the operation and maintenance of the Website, the Software and the Services, including providing support and maintenance services to you, other users of the Website, the Software and the Services, and the Publisher. We may also use your Personal Information to contact you with information relating to the Website, the Software, or the Services. We are committed to protecting your privacy and we will not sell or lease your Personal Information to any third party.   
Although we will make all reasonable efforts to preserve your privacy, in addition to disclosing and making your Personal Information available to the Publisher and/or the Publication, we may disclose your Personal Information:   
        (a) to our business partners and agents, such as financial institutions, suppliers, delivery services, parties providing hosting services, and web and technical support providers, as is necessary or required in connection with the operation, maintenance and support of the Website, the Software, and/or the Services, in which case we will request that such third parties maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy;   
        (b) to comply with any legal requirements or court orders, to defend any legal or administrative proceedings, or as we believe in good faith is necessary to comply with any laws or legal requirements;   
        (c) to protect any individual’s personal safety in an emergency situation;   
        (d) to protect or defend our rights or property (including enforcement of our rights under the Terms of Use); and   
        (e) in connection with the sale of the equity or any of the assets of Aries Systems Corporation, in which case we will require the buyer to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.   
        Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information outside of Aries Systems Corporation and its affiliates without your consent. We may share aggregated demographic and statistical information with our business partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. 

         **4\. Use by Other Parties of Your Personal Information.** All Personal Information that you submit or otherwise make available while visiting the Website, or using the Software or the Services may be accessed and reviewed by any third party who has access to the Website and the Software, including third parties who may have been authorized by the Publisher or the Publication to perform certain tasks with respect to Manuscripts, such as Administrators, Associate Editors, Authors, members of the Board of Editors, Editors, Editors-in-Chief, and Reviewers. In particular, Administrators generally will have the ability to access all of your Personal Information. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of your Personal Information by third parties who can access your Personal Information. We cannot control how third parties who can access your Personal Information may use your Personal Information and we have no means of tracking any use or disclosure of your Personal Information by any such third party. If you believe that a third party has unlawfully or improperly used or disclosed any of your Personal Information, you should contact the Publisher and the Publication directly. As described in this Section 4, a number of third parties may be able to access your Personal Information. Accordingly, you should exercise great care and prudence before submitting or making available any Personal Information at the Website or using the Software or the Services. 

         **5\. Security.** We have implemented reasonable physical measures and administrative procedures to safeguard against unauthorized access and help prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. However, we cannot guarantee that the security measures we implement in connection with the operation of the Website, the Software and the Services will absolutely prevent others from accessing or acquiring any of your Personal Information. 

         **6\. E-mail Communications.** From time to time, we may e-mail you news bulletins, information on technical service issues, or information relating to the Website, the Software, and/or the Services. You consent to the delivery of such communications by e-mail to the e-mail address(es) that you provide to the Aries Systems Corporation when establishing your User Account. 

         **7\. Clickstream Data; and Cookies.** In addition to the Personal Information that you supply to us, we may collect, store and use certain, anonymous information known as “Clickstream Data” as you access and navigate the Website. We store and use Clickstream Data to gain a better understanding of how people use the Website, to analyze data for trends and statistics, to help diagnose problems with our servers and computer networks, and to enhance the performance of the Website, the Software and the Services. We encourage you to periodically check this Privacy Policy so you will know when we have implemented technological measures enabling us to collect, store and use Clickstream Data. The Clickstream Data that we may collect, store and use includes the IP address of your computer (automatically assigned by your Internet Service Provider whenever you log onto the Internet), the Internet address of the site from which you linked to the Website (known as the referring URL), the date and time you access to the Website, what pages of the Website you visit and when, and the type of browser you use. Clickstream Data is not personally identifiable and we do not link this information to personally identifiable data, or any of your Personal Information.   
        We also use session cookies, which are small text files placed on your browser that maintain information from page to page as you navigate the Website. Session cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. If you do not want session cookies stored on your computer you might be able to adjust your browser settings to refuse all cookies, including sessions cookies, although this may prevent you from using certain features of the Website and the Services. 

         **8\. Third Party Sites.** This Site may contain links to other websites that are run by third parties. Once you have clicked on a link or button activator connecting you to such third-party website, you will leave the Website and be taken to a website that we do not control. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED ON A THIRD PARTY SITE. We suggest you read the privacy statement of the third-party website before providing any personally identifiable data on that site. We are not responsible for any use by any person or entity of any information that you may provide while accessing or using any third-party website. 

         **9\. Access to and Change of Personal Information.** You have the right to contact us at any time to: (a) request the removal of any Personal Information that you provided to us from our servers and computer networks, which request must be approved by the Publisher or the Publication; and (b) update your Personal Information. Please use the Aries Systems Corporation contact information provided below. If any Personal Information is removed from our servers or computer networks, third parties who had access to such Personal Information prior to its removal may have retained some all of such Personal Information. We are not responsible for the retention or use by third parties of any of your Personal Information at any time, including following it removal from our servers or computer networks. 

         **10\. Children’s Privacy.** The Website is designed and intended for use only by individuals who are at least eighteen (18) years old. We are committed to protecting the privacy of children and we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children we actually know are under the age of 13. To ensure compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not intentionally or knowingly collect any personal information from any individual who is not at least eighteen (18) years old. 

        **11\. Disputes.** Aries Systems will use the services of the American Arbitration Association to adjudicate any disputes arising from this Privacy Policy. 

         **12\. Contacting Aries Systems or the Publisher.** A “Contact Us” link is provided on many pages of the Website. Please click on this link to send an e-mail to Aries Systems and we will work to ensure your query is passed on to and answered by the appropriate person in a timely manner. Please be aware that e-mail you send us is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication pertains to sensitive information then you should contact us via regular mail or telephone. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of Aries Systems, you can contact us as follows:   
By mail:   
Privacy Officer   
Aries Systems Corporation  
200 Sutton Street   
North Andover, MA 01845 USA   
By e-mail:   
privacyofficer@ariessys.com 

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy as it relates to the Publisher or Publication, please contact the Publisher or Publisher by clicking the "Journal Overview" or "Publication Overview" link at the top of this page. Aries Systems Corporation makes no warranties or representations with respect to such Publisher or Publication policies. 
