> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the editorandpublisher.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191209001246id_/https%3A//www.editorandpublisher.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Editor & Publisher Magazine

Duncan McIntosh Company Inc. (“DMC”), owner of editorandpublisher.com, strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology to make your visit to our website informative and enjoyable and to protect your privacy online. Please note this policy applies only to information collected by DMC online and does not impact information collected or used by DMC or its affiliates through other means. This privacy policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.

**HOW WE GATHER INFORMATION FROM OUR VISITORS.**

We collect information in several ways from our web site, sometimes depending on the page you visit or the activity you engage in. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, or when you contact us. If you contact DMC, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We also occasionally ask users to complete surveys that we use for research purposes. Wherever DMC collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. Like most web sites, DMC may collect information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name, to track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes and contests, measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of DMC’s website you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our visitors’ habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on our web site a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you and other users will see on our sites. Advertising networks that serve ads onto our web site may also use their own cookies.

DMC also collects IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.

If you supply us with your street address or e-mail address, you may receive periodic mailings and/or e-mails from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings or e-mails, please let us know by contacting us via e-mail, telephone or mail. Our contact information is listed in the Terms of Use. DMC is not responsible for any unsolicited emails you may receive as a result of participating in any of the Forums.

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.

Upon request we provide website visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by contacting us via e-mail, telephone or mail. Our contact information is listed in the Terms of Use. We reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action or in response to a request from a law enforcement agency, to enforce the Terms of Use, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our site, our advertisers, the public or DMC. With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you through our website.

If you feel that this website is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us via e-mail, telephone or mail. Our contact information is listed in the Terms of Use.

**CHILDREN**

DMC does not knowingly collect or solicit information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe DMC has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed in the Terms of Use.
