> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lovelittledebbie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130527204137id_/http%3A//www.littledebbie.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

**Last Modified: March 6, 2013**

McKee Foods is committed to your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from and about you when you visit our website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy also explains how McKee Foods may use and disclose such information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it. Your continued use of this Site signifies your acceptance of, and agreement to, this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION COLLECTION  
**  
**Information You Provide to Us**  
McKee Foods may collect certain personal information from you when you visit this Site. Such personal information may be collected when you sign up for newsletters, participate in promotions, participate in surveys and questionnaires, create an online account, order merchandise, request information, apply for employment, or otherwise contact us. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, age, gender, photograph, and, if you purchase merchandise offered on this Site, credit/debit card number or other financial account information.

**Information Automatically Collected**  
We, or our Authorized Providers (defined below), may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, local shared objects (Flash cookies), or other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our Site, use of our online services, and interactions with our advertisements and email. For example, we or our Authorized Providers use these technologies to collect information from you including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, geographical location, and the domain name from which you accessed the Site. Such information may also include aspects of your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site visited, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site, and other click-stream or site usage data. We collect and use this information to understand our Site visitors’ online behavior so that we can provide you with content, advertisements, and an online experience that may be more suited to your interests.

We run website analytics on the information we collect through cookies and IP addresses to help us understand how visitors engage with our Site. The information generated by cookies about the use of our Site and your IP address may be transmitted and stored on the servers of our website analytics Authorized Provider. Our website analytics Authorized Provider will use this information to evaluate how visitors use our Site, compile reports on Site activity for us and provide other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. It may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on our website analytics Authorized Provider’s behalf. Our website analytics Authorized Provider collects information anonymously, and will not associate your IP address with any other data held by it.

You are free to set your Internet browser to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies for website analytics and behavioral advertising  for delivery of more relevant advertising, and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain entities, please click [here](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html). To opt-out of any behavioral advertising, please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).  
**  
Information Collected from Other Sources**  
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including commercially available sources such as data aggregators and public databases. For example, this information may include updated contact information, demographic information, and other public data. We may combine this information with the personal information you provide to us to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our services and products. 

**INFORMATION USE**

McKee Foods or its Authorized Providers may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:

• To fulfill orders placed on an online store, provide services and communicate with customers;  
• To develop new products or services;  
• To respond to your inquiries and requests;  
• To provide you with customized Site content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site or via email or postal mail;  
• To contact you with information and promotional materials from our company or on behalf of our partners and affiliates;   
• To contact you when necessary;  
• To review the usage and operations of our Site and services and improve our Site content, products and services;  
• To address problems with the Site, our business or our products and services;  
• To manage our telecommunications networks;  
• To protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business;   
• As described to you at the point of data collection; and  
• To process payments and prevent fraud.

**HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED AND ACCESSED; AUTHORIZED PROVIDERS**

McKee Foods will not disclose your personal information unless:  (1) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the McKee Foods Site Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (2) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; (3) you give your express consent for us to do so; and (4) as described to you at the point of collection.

From time to time, McKee Foods contracts with third parties to perform functions relating to the Site, such as business, professional, or technical support activities (“Authorized Providers”).  We may allow our Authorized Providers to access your personal information to perform those functions. For example, McKee Foods may contract with Authorized Providers to sell merchandise offered on this Site, including processing payments and fulfilling orders.  Other examples of functions our Authorized Providers may carry out include sending communications, providing marketing assistance, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through the Site.  These Authorized Providers will have access to personal information needed to perform such functions, but may not use or share that information for other purposes.  McKee Foods requires all Authorized Providers to provide appropriate privacy protection comparable to ours for your personal information.

McKee Foods may share aggregate or anonymous nonpersonal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.

Also, McKee Foods may sell or purchase assets during the course of our business.  If another entity acquires us or any of our assets (in a merger, reorganization, or otherwise), personal information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require that the transferee use the personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES**

The Site may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own.  We are not responsible for the practices of such sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these linked sites.  Including a link to a third-party website on the Site does not mean or imply that McKee Foods endorses the website.

**SOCIAL MEDIA**

The Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button or the ability to pin an image to Pinterest, that allow you to share content or experiences on our Site or interact with our Site using the feature.  These features may collect nonpersonal information about your activity on the Site and may set a cookie in order to function properly.  Your interactions with these social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature.

**OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN'S PRIVACY**

Protecting children’s privacy is important to us.  We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen.

**OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SCEURITY**

We have taken certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard the personal information we collect from and about our customers and Site visitors. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.

If you have an account on the Site please guard against unauthorized access to your account by using a robust password that is hard to “crack” and not sharing your password with anyone.

**DATA STORAGE**

Your personal information is stored on servers in the United States; however, some of our Authorized Providers may store information on servers hosted in other countries. As such, your personal information may be subject to the laws of other countries, where the data protection and other laws may differ from those of the United States.  Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities in the countries in which we operate.

**DATA RETENTION**

Any personal information that McKee Foods collects is kept as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law.  When McKee Foods no longer needs to retain your personal information, it will be destroyed or anonymized in a manner that ensures its private and confidential nature is preserved.

**ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

If you have established an account on our Site, you may sign in to your account and update your personal information contained in the account.  You can also contact us at the address listed below.

IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices described herein you may contact us at:

McKee Foods Consumer Services  
P.O. Box 750  
Collegedale, TN 37315  
Email: [privacy@mckee.com](mailto:Jennifer.Cummins-Askew@mckee.com)

You may also opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us by following the instructions in each such email. It may take up to 10 business days to process a request once received.

**REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY**

McKee Foods reserves the right to revise this policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site. 
