> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lovelycharts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121231025853id_/http%3A//www.lovelycharts.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lovely Charts | Privacy policy

**

At Lovely Charts, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information, including the Registration Data. We will let each user know ho we will use the personal information derived from each user's access to and use of Lovelycharts.com and/or the Services. 

**

Notice
     Lovelycharts.com will track the domains from which people visit Lovelycharts.com and analyze this data for trends and statistics. Subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, different Lovely Charts sites may use accumulated data for different purposes, including but not limited to marketing analysis, service evaluation and planning.  
Lovelycharts.com contains links to other websites, whether owned or controlled by Lovely Charts or unrelated third parties. Lovely Charts is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any linked website.  
Currently, Lovely Charts uses personal information as a basis for notifications to users, "opt-in" emails. User names and email addresses (as well as any additional information that a user may choose to post) are publicly available on the Lovelycharts.com site, unless a user elects to "opt-out" of such display of personal information. However, in cases where users voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information, which may contain Registration Data, or otherwise post personal information in conjunction with content subject to an open source license, such personal information necessarily will be disclosed subject to the terms of the applicable license.  
Subject to the foregoing, Lovely Charts may conduct surveys of other studies of its customer base and usage for marketing and planning purposes. With respect to information collected from such surveys or studies, and in the event that responses are to be publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey and Lovely Charts will disclose only aggregate information regarding its users and not personal information identifying any specific individual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in cases where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where Lovely Charts advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Lovely Charts reserves the right to disclose text information provided by any user through such a survey, provided that no personal information identifying that user is disclosed. 
Cookies
    Lovelycharts.com employs "cookies" to provide a user with tailored information. A "cookie" is an element of data which a Service or site, when visited by a user, sends to that user's browser which, in turn, may store that element on the user's hard drive or memory. Lovelycharts.com uses cookies to better serve users who use our Services; any cookies sent by Lovelycharts.com will be marked so that they will only be accessible by websites subject to this Privacy Policy. However, at his or her option and at his or her sole expense and responsibility, any user may block or delete our cookies from his or her hard drive. However, by disabling cookies, certain site features and functionality may no longer work properly, or at all.
Opt-in Emails
    Users may "opt-in" to receive site notifications, newsletters or other information via email. Users may remove themselves from such services at their discretion. Any email sent to an "opt-in" list will include directions for how a user may remove him or herself from the list, or a URL where the user may find such directions. 
Other Notification
    In order to implement or enforce the Terms of Service of the relevant Lovelycharts.com site, Lovely Charts may use personal information to contact users on an individual basis. 
Profile Display
    n some cases, users' personal information may be publicly available through a user's profile display. In such cases, users have the option to opt out of publicly displaying their real names. In cases where site profiles allow users to display optional information publicly, such entry and display is at the user's discretion and may be changed at any time by the user.
Email display
    In some cases, users may have the opportunity to use an Lovelycharts.com service to send electronic mail to another user or email list. In such cases, a user's valid email address and real name will be included with such messages. In order to prevent abuse, users may not opt-out of such a display, but may choose to refrain from using said Service to transmit an email message.
General
    In cases where users voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information, which may contain Registration Data, or otherwise post personal information in conjunction with content subject to an open source license, such personal information necessarily will be disclosed subject to the terms of the applicable license. An example of such a disclosure includes, but is not limited to, a user's disclosure of personal information as part of a message posted to a public message forum or a publicly released software application.
Security
    To secure site integrity, Lovelycharts.com employs measures including but not limited to security audits, use of encryption tools and software, and other reasonable security measures and procedures. Internal access to users' private and nonpublic personal information is restricted to site administrators and individuals on a need-to-know basis.
Enforcement
    In the event that Lovely Charts becomes aware that site security is compromised or user nonpublic information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including but not limited to external security attacks, Lovely Charts shall take reasonable measures which it deems appropriate, including but not limited to internal investigation and reporting, and notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities.  
If Lovely Charts becomes aware that a personal information provided to Lovelycharts.com has been disclosed in a manner not permitted by this Privacy Policy, Lovely Charts shall make reasonable efforts to notify the affected user, as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted by law, of what information has been disclosed, to the extent that Lovely Charts knows this information.
