> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the loventis.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110530045915id_/http%3A//www.loventis.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Loventis Hotelsoftware

### General

On this website, personal data are only collected to the extent that is technically necessary.

The declaration below gives you an overview of how we guarantee this protection and what sort of data are collected for what purpose.

### Data processing on this website

Loventis collects and saves information transferred by your browser in an automated way. That is:

  * browser type/version
  * operating system used
  * referrer URL (the previously visited site)
  * host name of the computer accessing the site (IP address)
  * time of the server request



Loventis cannot attribute these data to specific individuals. Additional personal details such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address are not collected unless these details are volunteered by you, e.g. as part of a registration, survey, competition, execution of an agreement or request for information.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Personal information

When you sign up for an account, you will have to provide some personal information. This includes your name, address, your e-mail address and the name of your hotel. After a completed registration, you can voluntarely provide more information related to your person and hotel.

### Use and disclosure of the personal data

We use the personal data made available by you exclusively for the purpose of technical administration of the webpages and to fulfil your wishes and requirements, i.e. to respond to your query. Your personal data is not passed on, sold or otherwise transmitted to third parties unless this is necessary for the purposes of executing an agreement or you have expressly consented to such activities.

### Cookies

Some of the webpages use so-called cookies. Their purpose is to make our Internet presence more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are filed on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are "session cookies". They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. If you do not want cookies to be stored on your hard disk, you can adjust your browser's settings accordingly.

### Security

As part of the administration of our webpages, we have taken technical and organisational measures to protect your data from wilful or accidental manipulation, access by third parties, loss, deletion and modification. We make improvements to this protection on an ongoing basis in line with technical progress.
