> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aol.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011204194948id_/http%3A//aol.co.uk/info/privacyweb.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AOL.co.uk - AOL Info - Privacy policy

**AOL's privacy policy - an overview**

AOL UK is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of users of its interactive products and services as well as to respecting the Data Protection Acts 1984 and 1998. Throughout the Net we want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for consumers, and in particular, to ensure that kids' information is protected. 

While this privacy policy applies to the AOL.co.uk site and all of the other Internet-accessible AOL-branded services, such as AOL Instant Messenger, we will refer here only to AOL.co.uk to make reading this policy easier. The AOL UK online proprietary service has a separate privacy policy for its members. If you are an AOL member, you can find that policy within our Conditions of Service area. The purpose of this AOL.co.uk privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcome visitor to AOL.co.uk, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit AOL.co.uk, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. Finally, please note that this policy applies only to AOL.co.uk and Web sites that carry the AOL.co.uk brand, and not to the Web sites of other companies or organisations to which we may link. We have clearly marked AOL.co.uk and these branded Web sites with our logo so you know where this policy applies. 

Personal data will be collected, processed and used by AOL Inc. for the purpose of providing the AOL service and related service. AOL is global, and many of the computer systems that provide it are currently based in the United States. Thus, your personal data will be transferred to, processed and held in the United States and in other countries within the European Union. 

**Information about all AOL.co.uk visitors**   
In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to AOL.co.uk and its areas. This information is very much like television ratings that tell the television networks how many people tuned in to a programme. We only use such data in aggregate form. This collective data helps us determine how much our customers use specific parts of our site, so we can improve our site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. For example, AOL.co.uk uses a technology nicknamed "cookies" that tells us how and when pages in our site are visited, and by how many people. AOL cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what your screen name or e-mail address is. We also may provide statistical "ratings" information, but never information which could identify you personally, to our AOL.co.uk partners about how our members, collectively, use AOL.co.uk. We do this so they too can understand how much people use their areas and our site in order for them to provide you with the best possible Web experience as well. 

**Information about you**   
Sometimes, we may specifically ask you for information about you when you sign up to use a service, like AOL Instant Messenger, or when you order a product. We will need certain information -- such as your name, Internet address or screen name, billing address, type of computer, credit card number -- in order to provide that service or product to you. We may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested. You can easily choose not to receive such information if you don't want to by letting us know on the registration screen when you sign up for the product or service. We may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but the provision of such information is always optional..

**Disclosure**   
We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to AOL.co.uk or information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies. But as we mention above, we may share with our Web site partners aggregated statistical "ratings" information about the use of AOL.co.uk.

**Special attention to kids**   
AOL takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of young people using our services. We do not specifically collect information about children and believe that children should get their parents' consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child's online experience and to review our important safety tips before your child explores the Internet.. AOL also recommends that parents who are AOL members use AOL's Parental Controls or other Web filtering technology to supervise their kids' access to the Web. 

**AOL UK privacy policy changes**   
If we decide to change our privacy policy for AOL.co.uk, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
