> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the roughguides.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010606144548id_/http%3A//travel.roughguides.com/info/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

|  |  |  |  | 

**Rough Guides Privacy Statement**

This privacy statement is applicable to roughguides.com, travel.roughguides.com and all Rough Guides hosted cobranded sites distributed through Rough Guide web partners. The Rough Guides and our affiliate sites value your privacy and security when accessing the Internet. The RoughGuides.com web site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis and for the specific reasons which we will explain clearly to you in advance. Personally identifiable information may be gathered for the purpose of a contest or sweepstakes registration, subscription and registration to an email newsletter, reception of user feedback, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from The Rough Guides and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, The Rough Guides reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding system usage, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. 

The Rough Guides reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The Rough Guides will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that The Rough Guides may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a The Rough Guides site. The Rough Guides is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. 

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the The Rough Guides sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of The Rough Guides. 

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of The Rough Guide's internet servers or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site, advertiser or advertising service can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that The Rough Guides cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for The Rough Guides. (Rough Guide ads are served by the Doubleclick Network. For more on information collected in the process of delivering an ad to you and your choices regarding delivery of targeted ad campaigns [click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/privacy_policy/).) 

If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the The Rough Guides Site or content partners. 

Upon request, The Rough Guides will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, The Rough Guides will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, The Rough Guides will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions. 

The foregoing policies are effective as of July 31, 1999. The Rough Guides reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.

| 
