> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rounds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-08-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100821112748id_/http%3A//www.rounds.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Make friends online and enjoy free webcam chats | Rounds.com

## Rounds Privacy Policy

### Last Updated August 10, 2010

This privacy statement explains the privacy practices of Rounds for users of the Site. If not specifically defined herein, capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the Rounds Terms of Use, which is available at [http://www.rounds.com/terms](https://web.archive.org/terms).

### Rounds' Commitment to Privacy

Rounds respects your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us. This privacy statement explains Rounds' policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of Personal Information. The terms of this privacy statement apply to information collected from you unless different terms are specified as part of a special offer or in another form or contract we provide you.

### What is Personal Information?

Personal Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a customer's name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, or information about activities directly linked to that person. Personal Information also includes information that you may choose to provide to us, such as your educational and, marital status, age, personal pictures, spoken languages, social preferences and employment history profile. 

Personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products, services or customers, from which individual customer identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no Personal Information will be included in the resulting data. Likewise, information about the products or services you use or purchase may be collected and combined with information about the products and services used or purchased by others, but no Personal Information will be included in the resulting data. Aggregate data helps understand trends and customer needs so that new products and services can be considered and so existing products and services can be tailored to customer desires.

### Collection of Personal Information

We collect Personal Information that you provide us, such as when you:

  * sign up for or renew your Rounds membership;
  * register to use the Site;
  * install the Facebook application;
  * post or submit any content on any part on the Site; 
  * place an order or purchase products or services online; or contact us for any reason.



We may automatically collect some information when you visit our Site, such as your computer's IP address, operating system, the site from which you linked to us, and the time and date of your visit, purchases and activities. We also collect information received from third parties to the extent that they have entered into an agreement with you as a result of your relationship with Rounds. 

### Use of Personal Information

The personal information we collect is used to process your requests or transactions, to provide you high quality service, to customize the Site according to your preferences, and to tell you about specific goods or services we believe will be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, we make it easy for you to let us know. You can contact us at any time to decline promotional information (see under the heading “Choice” below).

### Sharing of Personal Information

Rounds does not sell, rent, share, or disclose Personal Information to third parties without your prior consent, except in the limited circumstances described in this statement. 

### Communities

If you use any of the features of the Site or Services, such as video or chat services, please remember that any information disclosed in these venues may be automatically made public, even without your knowledge or authorization. You should exercise caution when disclosing any information, including Personal Information, in such venues, as you do not know who will access or use such information and for what purposes. Rounds is in no way responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any information, including Personal Information, which you disclose in such venues.

As also noted in our Terms of Use, Rounds reserves the right to use any user-generated content, including content generated by users using Rounds' video chat services, for its own commercial advertising purposes. For example, without limitation, Rounds may use any video chat Snapshots generated by users in any Rounds commercial advertisement, in any manner on the Rounds Site or in other promotional content, all pursuant to Rounds' sole discretion. 

### Order Fulfillment

We may provide to a third party certain information that is necessary to fulfill an order you have placed with us. For example, if you pay by a credit or debit card, your card number and sales transaction information is passed on to the card processor. However, we give vendors, suppliers, and others involved in the commerce distribution chain only the information they need to provide you the products or services you order, such as your name, shipping and/or billing address, email addresses, telephone number and product orders. Moreover, we require them to keep the information confidential and not to use it for other purposes. Rounds is not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information to them.

### Other Disclosures

In addition, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Rounds, our customers, or the public. Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition.

### Protection of Personal Information

Rounds has put into place security measures in an effort to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under our control. Personal information we collect is stored electronically and may be combined with other membership information. We use technical, contractual, administrative and physical measures in an effort to protect against unauthorized access.

Further, when you enter personal information online, that information is encrypted using security software called SSL (Secure Socket Layer). SSL encrypts all information entered on our site before it is sent over the Internet. We also use SSL to allow you to securely view your online account and registration information. 

Account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. If other people have access to your email, they may be able to obtain access to your password and obtain personal information about you (such as your credit card information), or change information about your user profile. You may not want to use an email account operated by an employer because many employers have the legal right to access such email accounts.

### Choice

By registering for the Site you agree to receive promotional messages from Rounds. If at any time you wish to stop receiving promotional information from Rounds, you may opt out by:

  1. E-Mailing us at support@rounds.com;
  2. Writing us at: Customer Service, Rounds, Dizengoff St. 99, Tel Aviv, Israel, or
  3. Accessing your registration information and checking the box in the setting page (located at http://www.rounds.com/settings) that allows you to opt out of receiving promotional emails.



### Aggregate Information

Rounds appreciates the importance of safeguarding the privacy of your personal information that may be provided to us. However, Rounds does use and disclose de-identified aggregate information for the purposes of evaluating and improving our services and tailoring our products. Rounds may choose at its sole discretion to transfer, sell, provide or share such information with third parties, including for to Rounds' business partners for commercial purposes, and by providing any information to Rounds you consent to such provision of de-identified aggregate information to any third party.

### What Are Cookies and Are You Required to Accept Them?

Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer. We use cookies to help optimize your use of the Site. For example, we use cookies to customize our home page for you and to better display pages according to your browser type. When you make a purchase on the Site, cookies allow us to better maintain the status of your account. **We do not use cookies to store any personal information about you.**

While cookies are optional for browsing the Site, they are required for enrolling or making a purchase on the Site. If you wish to make a purchase or set up an account, you will need to accept a cookie from the Site.

### Use of the Site by Children

Rounds does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, and you must be 14 years of age or older in order to establish an account on the Site.

### Online Links to Other Sites

Through our Site, Rounds members or users can link to other websites of third parties that provide useful information, or who have agreed to offer goods and services to Rounds members. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to this third-party and is subject to that third party's provider's privacy policy.

Except as described above, Rounds is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of Web sites to which we link. Links from our site to third party sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of each Web site before providing them with personal information.

### Updating, Reviewing or Correcting Personal Information

You may update, review or correct your on-line account information at any time online by accessing your password-protected registration page on the Web site. 

### Questions or Concerns

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or would like to contact us for any reason, you can do the following:

  1. E-Mailing us at support@rounds.com; or 
  2. Writing us at: Customer Service, Rounds, Dizengoff St. 99, Tel Aviv, Israel.



### Changes to this Statement

Rounds reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your information will be used. If there is ever a material change to how we use your information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement, we will communicate the changes in advance.
