> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hairsisters.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318105156id_/https%3A//hairsisters.com/blog/page%3Ftitle%3DPrivacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - hairsisters.com

**Privacy Policy**

Hairsisters.com is the sole owner of the information that is collected on this site. We do not, and will not sell, or share in any way, any information to any outside parties, except those outlined in this policy. We collect information from the customer(s) to process their order(s). We also use this information to inform the customer(s) about relevant issues regarding their account. We collect information that is relevant to processing orders and other topics related to this. Information that we collect includes but is not limited to name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and credit/debit card information for your payment. We also require that you submit a password that corresponds with your username. This allows you access to your personal account information. To safeguard this keep your personal information secret. DO NOT share this information with anyone. Your contact information is also used to send notification to you regarding promotions.

**Ordering/Registration**

In order to process any order at Hairsisters.com you must complete the registration process. While you are registering you will be required to provide your name, shipping address, billing address, e-mail address, and telephone number. This information is used to keep you the customer informed with the latest updates including order status information which are sent to you via e-mail. The majority of the information that we collect during the registration process is used to process any order(s) placed on your account. During the order process you will have to provide credit/debit card information, this is for billing purposes and to fill your order. Other financial information maybe collected if you choose to pay using a different payment method. During the check process the information is encrypted and sent to our online merchant company. This is a much enhanced service and we treat your information with the highest form of priority, and respect. We will not share your financial information with any third party except those outlined in this policy.

**Information Sharing**

We may employ third party companies to perform general functions on our behalf. These functions may include, package delivery, marketing assistance. The third parties that we employ have severely limited access to your information. Also only relevant information will be passed to these third party companies, this information will be used for the task relevant to the function. The third party companies that we share your information with are not allowed to pass on your information to anyone else.<br /> We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or comply with, court order, judicial proceeding(s) or any other legal process served on our Web site.

**Security**

Hairsisters.com is proud to serve our customers. Our number one priority is our customers and as such, we safeguard your information online and offline. We safeguard your personal information at all times and have implemented some of the most advanced ways to ensure your safety while shopping at Hairsisters.com. When you are processing your order online you will be asked for sensitive information. When you are entering this information in our online form, it is encrypted using the industry leading technology SSL. This encryption is a 256 bit encryption by Verisign, also an industry leader. Access to the sensitive information is restricted. All representatives at Hairsisters.com are not able to view financial information such as your credit/debit card information expiration date and CID number. This information is not housed here at Hairsisters.com it is held in a secure server at an undisclosed location.
