> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the utsandiego.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212051327id_/http%3A//www.signonsandiego.com/about/privacy/index.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SignOnSanDiego.com > About us > Privacy Policy

SignOnSanDiego.com and The Union-Tribune Publishing Company are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs. We also recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information. In adopting this privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy. Please note: this policy applies only to information collected by SignOnSanDiego.com online, as specified below, and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by The Union-Tribune Publishing Company or its affiliates through other means. This policy does not cover practices of the San Diego Union-Tribune newspaper. 

**What personal information do I provide to SignOnSanDiego.com?**  
SignOnSanDiego.com asks you to provide various types of demographic information to enhance your experience on our site. During registration to read "Today's Paper", SignOnSanDiego.com asks for information such as year of birth, gender, Zip code, country, and optional email address. The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize your experience. We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, when you post an online ad, when you participate in our message boards, or when you order products from us. Whenever you provide personal information to us, we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy. See below about "cookies" and what other information is collected. 

**How does SignOnSanDiego.com use my personal information?**  
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our site. SignOnSanDiego.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways. Some examples follow. In order to provide our service free of charge, we display advertisements. SignOnSanDiego.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach (for example, males over 35 years old). We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting the specified criteria. In this process, the advertiser never has access to individual user information. 

If you registered to receive email from SignOnSanDiego.com, we may send you e-mails about SignOnSanDiego.com products, promotions, or services as well as on behalf of other companies. You may change your preferences for the future at any time by (i) using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any of our email newsletters ii) e-mailing us at [newsletters@signonsandiego.com](mailto:newsletters@signonsandiego.com), or iii) updating your email preferences at <http://echo.bluehornet.com/clients/signon2/survey.htm>, or (iv) by contacting us by mail at 350 Camino de la Reina, San Diego, CA 92108. 

You will receive special offers via e-mail from SignOnSanDiego.com consistent with your stated personal preferences. You can change your preferences at any time by visiting <http://echo.bluehornet.com/clients/signon2/survey.htm>. SignOnSanDiego.com also does research on our users' demographics, interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration, from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis and SignOnSanDiego.com may share this aggregated data with advertisers or other businesses. 

This information is not shared with anyone outside of the Union-Tribune Publishing Co. or SignOnSanDiego.com except as provided for in this Privacy Policy. More specifics on the information we collect are outlined within this policy. The following products involving sharing your Personal Information with outside companies so that they can deliver features you have requested. 

_Coupons_  
If you requested to receive offers from the Coupon feature when you registered, your email address is shared with Custom Coupons, the company that operates this system. 

_Singles_  
This system is operated by Spring Street Networks. Please review Spring Street's privacy policy for details of the use of your personal information. <http://www.springstreetnetworks.com/tos/privacy.asp>. When registering for Spring Street if you opt-in for any of their several options for email communications you could be contacted by them. The Spring Street registration asks for first and last name and email address. 

_Archives_  
To purchase access to articles in this system, users must input personal information into an ecommerce system operated by ProQuest Co. This information is used only to complete the credit card transaction. To complete the ecommerce transaction ProQuest required full name, street address, email address and credit card information. 

_Razor Gator ticketing service_  
You must supply your email address to register for use of the ticketing service on our site, which is operated by Razor Gator Inc. Razor Gator's privacy policy is available at <http://signonsandiego.razorgator.com/policies.asp#5>. 

**Do other companies or people have access to personally identifiable information I provide to SignOnSanDiego.com?** When you are on an area of SignOnSanDiego.com and are asked for personally identifiable information, you are providing that information to the Union-Tribune Publishing Company, its divisions or affiliates. **We will not sell or share your personal information with any third parties.** If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these, our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information. Additional information about personally identifiable information follows. 

**Promotions:** Promotions that run on SignOnSanDiego.com may be sponsored by companies other than SignOnSanDiego.com or may be co-sponsored by SignOnSanDiego.com and another company. If you opt-in to receive information from a third party sponsor when entering a contests or participating in a promotion, some or all personally identifiable information provided by you may be shared with the sponsor. In certain circumstances, you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information. Currently, most SignOnSanDiego.com promotions are limited to California residents. 

**Advertisers and Links:** SignOnSanDiego.com advertisers, or Web sites that have links on our site, may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you. The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to SignOnSanDiego.com are not covered by this privacy statement. 

**Shopping and Business Services:** If you make a purchase or request a service from a business in Shopping, Entertainment, Singles or any of our business services sections, the information you provide for that transaction (as well as tracking information and cookies as described below) is provided directly to the business. Businesses listed in SignOnSanDiego.com Shopping, Singles and Services section have separate privacy and data collection practices. SignOnSanDiego.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding the business and its privacy policy, go to that business' home page and click on the appropriate link. 

**Other:** If we run competitions or contests on the site, you may be required to provide personally identifiable information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate. If you told us that you would be interested in receiving e-mail from us, we may send you e-mails about SignOnSanDiego.com products, promotions, or services as well as on behalf of other companies. You can change your account preferences at any time by visiting <http://echo.bluehornet.com/clients/signon2/survey.htm>. In addition, in each advertising email you will be provided an ability to opt-out of receiving future emails from the specific advertiser. 

We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers, sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access. Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies. 

SignOnSanDiego.com users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others. 

Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection, a user's personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside The Union-Tribune Publishing Company, its divisions or affiliates, or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer. If you do not wish to receive any e-mail or to have us share such information with any other party, you may change your preferences for the future at any time by (i) updating your personal preferences in your newsletter registration profile at <http://echo.bluehornet.com/clients/signon2/survey.htm> (ii) e-mailing us at [newsletters@signonsandiego.com](mailto:http://echo.bluehornet.com/clients/signon2/survey.htm) or (iii) contacting us by mail at 350 Camino de la Reina, San Diego, CA 92108. SignOnSanDiego.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) SignOnSanDiego.com's rights or property, other SignOnSanDiego.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. 

**Data Security:** We have in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. 

**What information do web servers collect?**   
Web servers serving SignOnSanDiego.com automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as which pages each user visits and the domain name (e.g., Cox.net) of visitors. This information is used for various purposes including internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors, and for traffic audits. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers. 

**What are cookies and how does SignOnSanDiego.com use them?**  
SignOnSanDiego.com places a "cookie" on the browser of a user's computer to store and sometimes track information about you while you are on our Web site. A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted our Web site; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns. For example, cookies are used to ensure that you don't see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter registration information during your visit. We may also use cookies to track your progress on our site. Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies. You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by SignOnSanDiego.com by changing the setting on your browser. Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser, not just the ones delivered by SignOnSanDiego.com **Children under 13:** Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name, address or e-mail address. In general, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If, in limited circumstances, we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection. In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible. 

**Changes to Privacy Policy**  
Any changes to our privacy policy will be communicated to you via email if you have registered for any of our services that require you to enter your email address. 

**_Registration Questions and Answers_**

**Why are you asking me to provide this information?**  
The registration process allows us to track the audience profile of our Web site. This enables us to provide greater demographic targeting for our advertisers and learn a little more about our users. So you may see advertisements that are more relevant to your interest. This information also helps to plan site improvements. 

**Do I have to provide this information to view content on SignOnSanDiego.com?**  
If you wish to read "Today's Paper" online then you must answer the few anonymous questions of age, gender, zip code and country of residence. Providing your email address is optional. You will only be asked to provide this information once or once per Web browser. On other areas of our site registration is voluntary. If you don't complete the information, it will appear again on future visits. 

**Will I be emailed if I provide this information?** The information in the registration process is anonymous. It does not personally identify you. We will only send you email if you voluntarily opted in to receive information from us, if you signed up for one of our email newsletters, or if you are otherwise doing business with SignOnSanDiego.com or the Union-Tribune. 

**What if I don't complete the registration survey?**  
If you click the "Ask Me Later Button," the registration survey will appear again next time you visit the site after a 24 hour period. On the "Today's Paper" section, you will not be able to proceed until the registration information is submitted. 

**How is this information stored?**  
The answers you provide are kept in a small file on your computer called a "cookie." Virtually all Web sites use cookies. SignOnSanDiego.com can use the information in the cookie to send you relevant information and advertising. 

**Comments?**  
Please send us any comments you have by email to [customersupport@signonsandiego.com](mailto:customersupport@signonsandiego.com)
