> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fancylive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120317165357id_/http%3A//www.fancylive.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Geo News Live Tv Channel 24/7 HQ Streaming - Fancylive.com

At FancyLive, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use our web site, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. 

FancyLive, which operates the Internet sites located at FancyLive.com, recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about visitors to our sites. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address or email address, is automatically collected from visitors to our sites. Personally identifiable information about visitors to our sites is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. We may collect certain non-personal information to optimize our Web pages for your computer (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider). We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes, including but not limited to improving the content of our sites. In those instances when we do collect personally identifiable information, the following policies apply: 

**Your Consent**  
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. 

**Notice**  
FancyLive will notify you when we are collecting personally identifiable information about you and how we intend to use it. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with information you requested, in connection with entry forms, or in connection with community postings such as chat and bulletin boards. Sometimes FancyLive engages in activities with business partners and sponsors with whom personal information is jointly collected or shared. We will try to make it clear at the time of collection who is asking for and/or sharing your information. In situations where your information will be shared, it is recommended that you also review the privacy policy of our business partner or sponsor. 

**Use and Security**  
Personally identifiable information that visitors submit to our sites is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted unless we disclose other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Such other uses may include sending you information or materials we think you will find interesting, or sharing the information with FancyLive's Media's advertisers and reputable business partners. However, at the time of collection, you will have the option of instructing us not to send you additional information or share your personal information with third parties. FancyLive is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of our business partners. 

FancyLive may use reputable third parties to manage activities available on our sites including, but not limited to statistical analysis, or chats. These parties may have access to personally identifiable information submitted by visitors who participate in those activities. Similarly, we may contract with third parties to handle the fulfillment of subscriptions or requests for information you submit to our sites, such as sending you a newsletter. In most instances, FancyLive instructs these third parties to use personally identifiable information only for the specific purpose for which it is collected, and not to sell, market or transfer such information to other entities. If FancyLive obtains personal information that has been collected from you by a third party, including our business partners, this Privacy Policy nonetheless governs FancyLive's use of that information. 

Please remember that any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information. You should use caution when sharing information as any of it can be collected and used by people you may not know. Users under the age of 18 should be particularly careful not to divulge any personal information. While FancyLive strives to protect and respect your privacy, we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board and you do so at your own risk. 

FancyLive may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to make our sites better and more responsive to the needs of our visitors. This statistical compilation and analysis of information may also be used by FancyLive or provided to others, in aggregate, for marketing, advertising or research purposes. 

If at any time after submitting your personal information to our sites you would no longer like to receive information from us, please let us know by using the "Contact Us" link on our main page. 

Personal information may be disclosed in special situations where FancyLive has reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with FancyLive's rights, property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Also, FancyLive may reveal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. 

FancyLive maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information submitted to our sites, and periodically reviews and updates its security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Although FancyLive strives to protect your personal information, we can not ensure or warranty the security of any information you may transmit to us. This is done so at your own risk. Once we do receive your transmission, however, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.   
**Still have questions?**  
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to Send Us E-mail to admin@fancylive.com   
FancyLive.Com
