> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fannation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070430223541id_/http%3A//fannation.com/fannation/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FanNation | The Republic of Sport

(As of July 25, 2006)

FanNation is committed to protecting the privacy of its users to the greatest extent possible. This Privacy Policy ("the Policy") describes how personal information is collected from users of FanNation's Web site located at **www.FanNation.com** ("the Site"), and how that information is used and disclosed in order that you may make an educated decision on whether you would like to use the Site considering all the circumstances, including the Policy. If you use the Site, you are thereby consenting to the terms of this Policy.

**_Personal Information_**  
Personal information is information that specifically identifies a person, such as a name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number, and information about that person's activities when directly linked to that person such as information about his or her purchases or use of services. Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that together identifies a person. Personal information is distinguished from and does not include "aggregate" information. Aggregate information is data that may be collected about a group or category of products, services or users from which individual user identities have been removed, i.e, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Similarly, data about the products you purchase may be collected and combined with information about the products purchased by others. Aggregate data helps FanNation understand user needs and predict trends so that FanNation can more wisely consider new products and services and more accurately match currently existing products and services with user desires.

**_Personal Information Collected by FanNation_**  
You provide personal information to FanNation in a number of ways when you visit the Site or use the various services and activities available on the Site. For example, you provide FanNation with personal information when you: (1) register on the Site; (2) participate or make postings in any interactive areas of the Site; (3) submit/post an article or comment to the Site and voluntarily include your name or other personal information (including, without limitation, any personally identifying photographs or images you submit/post); or (4) contact FanNation by email for any reason.   
FanNation also collects personal information from you if you submit a job application or resume to FanNation via email. Personal information collected in this regard includes your name and email address, as well as other employment related information that you provide to FanNation in the resume and/or application.  
When you visit the Site, some information is also automatically collected, such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system and browser type and the time and date of your visit. This information is collected through the use of "Cookies." Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer by a Web site to give you a unique identification. FanNation also uses cookies on the Site to keep track of services you have used, to record registration information regarding your login name and password, to ensure you do not repeatedly see advertisements, to record your user preferences and to keep you logged into the Site. FanNation treats automatically collected information as personal information only if combined with or linked to any of the personally identifying information described above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. Additionally, FanNation uses, and allows third parties to use, "Web Beacons" on the Site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. Web Beacons are small, graphic images on Web pages or Web-based documents or in email messages that allow FanNation or third parties to monitor who is visiting the Site or if the email should be read. Web beacons collect the IP address of the computer that the Web Beacon is sent to, the URL of the page the Web beacon comes from and the time it was viewed. Web Beacons can also be linked to your personal information. FanNation may use third parties advertisers to deliver ads to you on FanNation's behalf. These third-party advertisers may also use Cookies, Web Beacons or other technology to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Site in order to use it to present advertisements that may be more pertinent to you.

**_How Collected Information is Used_**  
For the most part, FanNation uses personal information to process your requests or transactions, provide you with products and services, and inform you about other products or services which may be of interest to you. For example, but not by way of limitation, FanNation uses the information it collects to (i) contact you for administrative purposes or provide you with customer service; (ii) complete transactions requested by you or to verify that you have submitted an article or comment; (iii) respond to any questions, problems or complaints, or request feedback; (iv) organize the Site and its various services and activities to better serve you and customize or develop FanNation's products and services; and (v) send you emails or other communications containing information about products and services that you might find of interest. Personal information provided on the Site may be linked together or merged with other personal information we obtained about you to more accurately understand your needs and inform you about FanNation's products or services and those of FanNation's business partners. In addition, if FanNation receives personal information from third parties, it may combine this information with the other personal information FanNation maintains about you. In either case, this Policy governs this information.

**_Disclosure of Information_**  
FanNation will not sell, license or share personal information about with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy. As partially described above, personal information is shared with third-party vendors who assist FanNation in performing internal functions necessary to operate FanNation's business. These functions may include, for example, analyzing data and providing marketing or advertising assistance. In all cases, FanNation strives to limit the information shared with its third-party vendors to that which is necessary to carry out those functions. You are solely responsible for any information you provide to these parties directly, and FanNation encourages you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them. FanNation also discloses personal information when it believe appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Policy or FanNation's other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill and collect for amounts owed to FanNation; to protect FanNation's or FanNation's users' rights, property or safety; to protect FanNation's users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of FanNation's Site; or if FanNation believes that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay. Additionally, information about FanNation's users, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing or sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of FanNation's business assets.

**_Links to Other Web Sites_**  
The Site contains links to other Web sites. Links from the Site to other sites or content are provided for your convenience only, and FanNation does not have control over the content or privacy and security practices and policies, if any, of such third parties or other sites. Any personal information you provide on linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy, if any. You are encouraged to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.

**_Choice and Access_**  
To request access to or that we correct or delete your personal information, or to opt-out of receiving communications from FanNation, you have the following options: (1) follow the "Unsubscribe" instructions contained in the communication from FanNation; (2) email FanNation at privacy@FanNation.com; or (3) write to FanNation at the following address with your request:

FanNation  
50 Albany Turnpike  
Suite 2020  
Canton, CT 06019 

If FanNation decides in the future to share personal information with any third parties for any third party direct marketing purposes, the Policy will be updated to reflect such change and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure of your personal information. Please note that opting out of receiving communications from FanNation will not prevent you from receiving administrative communications, such as those concerning the operation of the Site or about an article or comment you have submitted.

**_Children under 13_**  
The Site is neither intended nor designed for Children under the age of 13, nor to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old, you should not register with, use or otherwise provide personal information to the Site.

**_Security_**  
Reasonable security measures are used on the Site in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and alteration of information under FanNation's control. FanNation cannot, however, guarantee protection of all information against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration, or that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. Moreover, FanNation has no control over the security of other sites you might visit, interact with or do business with.  
Information you provide through the Site is protected by an encryption technology to ensure privacy and security. Your registration information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password. Please advise FanNation immediately if you believe your password has been misused or otherwise misappropriated.

**_Policy Changes_**  
This Policy will be modified by FanNation if its privacy practices materially change in the future. FanNation will notify you of such changes only by posting the new policy on the Site and indicating at the top of the Policy the date it was last updated. FanNation encourages you to review the Policy each time you visit the Site to see if it has been updated since your last visit to make sure you understand how personal information you provide will be used.

**_Conditions of Use_**  
If you decide to visit the Site website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this and FanNation's Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of Connecticut state law and Hartford County, Connecticut venue.

**_Further Questions_**  
If you have any further questions about this Policy, or the practices of or your dealings with the Site, please email FanNation at privacy@FanNation.com or write at:  
Sports Technologies, Inc.  
10 Front Street  
Suite 301  
Canton, CT 06019
