> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fantasyleague.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124220953id_/http%3A//www.fantasyleague.com/Content/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy and Cookies - Fantasy League

This document refers to privacy and personal information relating to www.fantasyleague.com and associated properties and services. At Fantasy League we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us.

This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you. We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 our data controller is Fantasy League Limited.

#### Information We Collect

In using our website and associated services, we may collect and process the following data about you:

  * i. Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
  * ii. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase. 
  * iii. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
  * iv. Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. This is to be used for Fantasy League own research purposes, in order to deliver the most enjoyable service possible.



#### Use Of Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive that allows us to recognise your computer from one visit and from one page access to the next. This helps us to customise the Site to reflect your individual preferences and to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how you and other users use the site so that we can improve the Site. We may share such aggregated information with our advertisers, but it will not identify you as an individual. If you configure your browser to reject cookies, you may still use some, but not all, portions of the Site. For example, the login process and all member functionality requires that your browser is set to accept cookies.

**Session Cookies**

During your session, the majority of our websites will generate the following ‘session cookies’, which will last for the duration of your session:

* Cookie Name: ASP.NET_SessionId

Description: Enhances the user experience through remembering logins, search terms, search results, etc

* Cookie Name: FLFAST

Description: Enhances the user experience by remembering game specific details, and features Third Party Cookies

**Third Party Cookies**

If you would like to disable "third party" cookies generated by advertisers, providers of targeted advertising or behavioural analysis services, you can turn them off by going to the third party's website and getting them to generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine. 

Here is a link to the main site analytics platform that we use where you will find instructions on how to do this: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/ 

Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.

You can also visit the trade body representing the advertising companies for more information on how to opt out of all such cookies: http://www.youronlinechoices.com

#### Use of Your Information

The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:

  * i. To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
  * ii. To meet our contractual commitments to you.
  * iii. To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service. If you are an existing user, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. 



Further, we may use your data so that you can be provided with information about unrelated goods and services which we consider may be of interest to you. We or they may contact you about these goods and services by any of the methods that you consented at the time your information was collected.

If you do not want us to use your data you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this by logging in to your account and amending your communication preferences.

Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors. 

#### Storing Your Personal Data

By submitting your personal data, you agree to Fantasy League transferring, storing or processing this data. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy. Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will securely stored; we do not store payment card details.

The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.

#### Disclosing Your Information

Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any).

We may only disclose your personal information to third parties:

  * i. Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
  * ii. To assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.



#### Third Party Links

You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.

#### Access To Information

The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Please note that any demand for access may be subject to payment of a fee of £5, which covers our costs in providing you with the information requested. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.

#### Facebook Apps for Third Party Games

Games hosted and managed by Fantasy League may enable you to post/share content to Facebook or invite others to play the game. Please note, the Facebook app created to facilitate such functionality may use, display, share or transfer the following data when performing the required action: your name, profile picture, gender, network, user ID, list of friends and any other information you have made publically available.

#### Contacting Us

We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us by writing to or emailing us at:

Privacy Manager  
Fantasy League Limited  
Leeder House  
6 Erskine Road  
London NW3 3AJ

Email: info@fantasyleague.com
