> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fanzila.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110517211559id_/http%3A//www.fanzila.com//privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fanzila

### Privacy

This privacy policy sets out how Fanzila uses and protects any information that you give fanzila when you use this website. fanzila is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. fanzila may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. What we collect We may collect the following information: Name and job title; Contact information including email address; Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests; other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers; What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services. Subject to any applicable law, we may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, and subject to any applicable law, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests. Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to 
