> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the diyhomedesignideas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DIY Home Design ideas - Privacy Policy

## [www.diyHomeDesignIdeas.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/index.html)

## Content Copyright and Privacy Policy

The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of diy Home Design Ideas (www.diyhomenetwork.net).

1\. The contents of the diy Home Design Ideas Internet service is intended for the personal, noncommercial use of its Users. All materials published on www.diyhomenetwork.net (including, but not limited to, feature articles, photographs, images, and illustrations, also known as "The Content") are protected by copyright and owned or controlled by diy Home Design Ideas, or the party credited as the provider of the content, images or other materials. User shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in any content accessed through the website.

2\. diy Home Design Ideas is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and other copyright laws. User may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display or in any way exploit any of the Content, software, materials or Service, in whole or in part. 

3\. User may print the Content displayed on this website for personal use only. User shall not store any significant portion of any Content owned by or licensed to diy Home Design Ideas in any form. If you are an owner of intellectual property who believes their intellectual property has been improperly posted or distributed via this website, please notify diy Home Design Ideas.

##  Privacy Policy Statement

This is the web site of diy Home Design Ideas. We can be reached via our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/contact.html "diy Home Design Ideas Contact Form"). For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We only collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please send a request via the [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/contact.html "diy Home Design Ideas Contact Form"). We do NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information. With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies. If for any reason you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. We do not share your name, address or email with other organizations. 

With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information through the use of cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process. diy Home Design Ideas is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. For further information, consult the privacy policies of these sites: [Google Privacty Policy](http://www.google.com/privacy.html). If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.

Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by filling out our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/contact.html "diy Home Design Ideas Contact Form"). Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by filling out our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/contact.html "diy Home Design Ideas Contact Form"). With respect to security: and we do not receive or transfer sensitive information. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you can let us know at our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610231630id_/http%3A//diyhomedesignideas.com/contact.html "diy Home Design Ideas Contact Form")

##  diy Home Design Ideas Disclaimer

diy Home Design Ideas Internet provides promotional space on this server on behalf of various independent entities. As such it is not able to accept any responsibility or liability for any actions taken as a result of viewing material displayed in "www.diyhomenetwork.net". No warranty is given as to the accuracy, or otherwise, of the information presented in the diy Home Design Ideas domain and all liability of whatsoever nature arising for any action taken in reliance upon such information is excluded.
