> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the laptopz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230203823id_/http%3A//www.laptopz.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice : LaptopZ.com, Laptop Parts and Laptop Accessories

Thank you for accessing our website of Laptopz.com. We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please read our Privacy Policy. 

**Dispute Resolution**

If visitors or customers have any issues regarding the privacy practice of our website, please email service@laptopz.com . 

**Choice and Opt-Out**

If you no longer wish to receive the our promotional communications, you may "opt-out" of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by e-mailing us at service@laptopz.com. 

**Information We Collect**

"Cookies" are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user's computer, ready for future access. Each time you access our web site; our server finds the relevant cookie on your computer. The information contained within that cookie is then used to customize your experience with our site. We may collect the following information about our visitors: Email • Name • Street Address • Post Code • City, State • Country • Telephone Number • Password • Original reference link 

**Why do we collect this information?**

We use this information in order to serve the needs of our customers. We need to know who you are in order to verify the credit card information you have sent us. We collect several pieces of personal information from you in order to complete this verification process. The non-personal information that we collect from you is used in order to offer you better service and to make your experience with our site more enjoyable. Any information that we may inadvertently collect from you, that does not serve one of these reasons stated above, is immediately purged from our system. 

**How is your information protected?**

We use the latest in encryption technology, including 128 bit SSL encryption to ensure that any sensitive information that is sent by you to us via the Internet is protected from unauthorized interception. We employ the latest in firewall protection to prevent unauthorized access into our information storage areas. We maintain a rigorous hiring process to screen out potential employees with criminal backgrounds. All employees that we do hire have to sign a confidentiality agreement that forbids them from disclosing any information to which the employee has access, to other individuals or entities. We also have back up servers and power supplies to guard against power outages and other natural occurrences that could pose a threat to the integrity of your personal information. Passwords are required in order for you to gain access to your account. Once an account has been terminated, measures are taken to remove those users from the system who no longer need access to our system. When an employee is terminated or is no longer with the company, we change the access codes that the employee used to access any customer accounts. Account login sessions are terminated after three failed login attempts; all terminated login sessions are logged for follow-up. Passwords must contain at least six characters, one of which is nonalphanumeric. Passwords are case sensitive and must be updated every 90 days. Unused customer accounts, those that have shown no activity for 6 months are purged from our system. 

**Can I correct or remove information from your site?**

You always have the option to view your account to make sure the information we have collected from you is indeed correct. You also have the option of removing any information from your account that you wish to keep private. However, please note that removing certain information such as your email address, contact information, and the like may greatly hinder our ability to effectively provide the service or products you have requested. We recommend, that you contact us first to discuss which information you may remove without interrupting the quality of service we intend to provide for you.  


**Updates to this policy**  


 If we change or update this Privacy Notice, we will post changes and updates on this Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Notice has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about the Privacy Notice, please contact us at service@laptopz.com.
