> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the n200.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181221190425id_/https%3A//visit.ges.com/about-visit-by-ges/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

Visit may also collect information that is collected on you as a visitor (which may include your role as an, exhibitor and/or organiser) attending a trade show or other event, where our Services are being provided (typically where an interactive lanyard is scanned by you). This may include your location at the event, the other areas of the event you have visited and any seminars, presentations or sessions you sign up for on the day of the event.  This information is provided to the organiser of the event and to exhibitors at the event which you choose to visit and interact with. Visit does not own or control this data and you should read the privacy notices of the organiser(s) and exhibitor(s) to whom you choose to provide your details. 

**  
WHY WE ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION** ****  
We want to provide you with the best possible Services.  We will use the information you provide to us to better understand your interests and as set out in this Privacy Policy below. To do this we may also use the services of third party suppliers: see details below in section entitled:  **SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.      
**  
We may ask for and use your personal information for the following purpose(s):

* Marketing purposes:
* Research and development 

  * To obtain your feedback, provide customer service, and track our performance;
  * To ensure that all our online content that you access (whether as part of a Service or not) is presented in the most effective manner for you;
  * To operate our websites more effectively and to promote our services on our website;
  * To manage, conduct research, and improve how we operate and promote our services including, without limitation, through the use of non-personal anonymous, aggregate, and statistical information; 


* Analysis and profiling 

  * Analysis and profilingTo analyse your responses to our marketing communications (e.g. whether you open communications and/or interact);
  * To analyse your browsing and purchasing activity;
  * To use the analyses mentioned above, together with other demographic data, to contact you with information on products and offers relevant to you;
  * To analyse customer choices in respect of our services to understand our target audience for the purposes of selecting similar customers for advertising purposes.


* Legal Requirements 

  * For crime and fraud prevention, detection and related matters;
  * To verify your identity when considered necessary and/or appropriate; 
  * To assist in issues relating to your personal safety and the safety of others; and
  * To comply with laws applicable to our operations, to respond to requests from government authorities, to enforce our rights and protect property, and to satisfy our record keeping, regulatory, and legal requirements;
  * If ownership of all our part of our business changes, or we undergo a reorganisation or asset sale, including a merger or transfer, we will transfer your personal information to the new owner, receiver or successor company to enable us to continue to provide our services to you. 



******OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION** ****

We use the data we collect about you for various purposes.  European data protection legislation sets out specific “lawful bases” for processing personal data.  The basis on which we process different information about you and the purpose of that processing are explained below.

Legitimate Interests

**Relevant personal information:** Transaction information, Preference information, Communications, Preference information, Voluntary information, Observed information.  
**  
Relevant processing purposes:** Our Services, Marketing purposes, Research and development, Analysis and profiling, Legal Requirements. 

We rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis for processing your information when the processing is not required to provide you (as an individual, member of a partnership or sole trader) services you have purchased. These interests include, without limitation, improving our service, maintaining a relationship with you so that we can provide information to you about our services, and better understanding your relevant interests so that we can personalise our relationship.  We reserve the right to process your information for all of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, or for which you otherwise consent.   You have the right to object to any processing. You may make such a request by contacting us as provided in the section titled “ **CONTACT US** ” in this policy.  

Consent

**Relevant personal information:** Contact information, Preference information, Observed information.  
**  
Relevant processing purposes:** Marketing purposes and Analysis and profiling.  
Where you have provided us with your consent through a show organiser or have made choices using the Subscription Centre we also rely on the consent you have provided as the legal basis for processing your personal information for marketing purposes. If you have not accessed your Subscription Centre, we may also send you marketing in respect of specific show services on the basis of our legitimate interests, as set out above. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and we will cease to process your personal data after your consent is withdrawn.  
  
Compliance with legal obligations   
**Relevant personal information:** Legal information, Transaction information, Communications (where relevant), Preference information in the case of marketing and cookie preferences only.  
**  
Relevant processing purposes:** Legal Requirements.  
We collect and process certain personal information about you to confirm your identity, keep records required by law or to evidence our compliance with laws, including tax laws, consumer protection laws and data protection laws. To provide information to law enforcement agencies or other authorities where we are required to do so.   
  
Performance of a contract with you (as an individual, sole trader or as part of a partnership)  
****

**Relevant personal information:**   Transaction information, Communications.  
**  
Relevant processing purposes:** Our Services.  
If you are a contracting with us as an individual, sole trader or as part of a partnership, then we also process your personal information as required to fulfil that contract, to provide any products or services and to deal with any queries, concerns or legal issues that may arise under that contract.   
**  
**

**SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**   
We may disclose your information to our affiliates and other third parties with a need to know for purposes related to the services.  We ensure that third parties to whom we disclose your information protect it consistent with the principles articulated in this Policy .  Affiliates and third parties that may receive your information may provide any service necessary for any of the purposes described in the section titled “ **WHY WE ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION** ” above.  

Wherever it is possible and reasonable, we will disclose only the minimum information necessary to complete and process an order and will never transfer payment card information for such purpose.     
Our computer infrastructure is primarily provided by its affiliate Global Experience Specialists, Inc., from data centres located in the United States. Other group affiliates that may receive your information are listed in the section titled “ **PRIVACY NOTICES** ” below.  Visit  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Viad Corp, a publicly held company traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:VII).    
To make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal information with some of our trusted third-party suppliers.  These include IT, delivery, marketing, financial and legal service providers.

We may share your personal information with:

  * Specialist marketing agencies, including market research agencies:
  * Payment services providers as required for card payments
  * Governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts/tribunals and insurers where we are required to do so to:


* comply with our legal obligations
* to exercise our legal rights (e.g. for a court case)
* for the prevention, detection, investigation of crime or prosecution of offenders
* for the protection of our employees and customers

We only allow our 3rd party service providers to handle your personal information when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls, which may require contractual obligations relating to data protection and security being implemented. This means our suppliers can only use your personal information to assist in us providing our services to us and to you and not for any other purposes. 

**  
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS  
**The nature of our business and our operations require us to transfer your personal data to some group affiliates and divisions (as documented within this policy) and third party service providers that may be located in countries outside of European Economic Area (“EEA”). Such transfers are subject to specific rules under data protection laws. 

Your information may be transferred to data centres in the United States, where GES affiliates and their service providers provide data centre services.  All transfers of your information between countries will be in compliance with the local privacy laws of the jurisdiction from which we are transferring the data, as well as in compliance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

Should we have to transfer your data outside of the EEA we will take appropriate steps to protect your data in line with our legal obligations to do so. Such steps include that a number of GESaffiliate entities in the United States maintain active certifications on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Further information regarding Privacy Shield is available at [https://www.privacyshield.gov](https://www.privacyshield.gov/).   
For additional information relevant to transfers of information regarding European Union citizens, please see the section titled “ **PRIVACY NOTICES** ” below.

**  
YOUR PROFILE AND COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES**  
From our initial engagement with you, we may track your interactions with us so that we can better understand the scope of our relationship with you.  For each interaction, we retain your name when you purchase goods or services from us, as well as the nature and amount of the purchase. We combine that with information with a record of information you request from us, how you respond to our emails, and your activity at our websites. 

It is your responsibility to keep any usernames and passwords confidential and protect them from disclosure.

We do not intend to collect any sensitive information from you and will not conduct any automated decisions without your knowledge.  Any information is only used for purposes of our ongoing relationship. Information you provide us with will not be used to market any third-party services. 

RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION   
We will retain the information we collect for a period of three (3) years from your last activity with us, unless you request us to delete it sooner by contacting us as provided in the section titled “ **CONTACT US** ” below.   
Any information that must be maintained for legal purposes such as specific financial information will be done so in accordance with the relevant legislation and any applicable local / regulatory guidance (which may be for a longer period, often up to 7 years).      
**  
  
OUR WEBSITES AND ****COOKIES  
**  
Tracking Activity on Our Website:  
In order to make your visit to our websites as productive as possible, we track information such as pages viewed, the page from which you arrive, the date and time of your page view(s), your browser type and version, the name of any files you request, length of visit, and other navigational or technical information, through the use of cookies, log files, text strings, browser settings, and/or other tracking technology. 

The way we collect information specifically about you is by using cookies. A "cookie" is an electronic file that holds small strings of text. When you visit our website, we send a cookie to your browser so that we can recognize it when you or another user of your computer return to our website. We want to recognize your browser so we can make the best use of your time when visiting our website. Cookies are also used for technical purposes for the operation of our websites, including website navigation. 

For your security, if you are registered for online services or have an account with us, we cannot give you access to your account information on our website unless your browser is set to accept cookies from us.

We will ask you for your consent to our use of cookies when you visit our websites.   Once consent has been obtained users or subscribers may choose to withdraw that consent at any time by forwarding a request to us as provided in the section titled “ **CONTACT US** ” in this document. 

Do Not Track:   
If you refuse or delete cookies, some of our website functionality may be impaired.  Please refer to your browser’s Help instructions to learn more about how to manage cookies and the use of other tracking technologies.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser.  
  
Links to Third Party Sites:   
We provide links at our websites link to third party sites for your ease of use.  Our Privacy Policy will not apply once you leave our website. We is not responsible for such third parties’ privacy practices.  We encourage you to review their Privacy Policy before disclosing any information on their websites.    
**

HOW WE SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION

** We employ reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect against the loss of, or unauthorized access to, the information under our control. Steps we’ve taken to enhance network and information security include the implementation of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology for payment transactions, digital certificates, password protection for all web applications that contain personal information, and industry standard infrastructure security.  Although we take measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee that your information will always remain secure.

  
Password Protection:   
All our web applications that deal with your personal information require a username and password to gain access. This allows us to verify who you are, thereby allowing you access to your account information, and preventing unauthorized access. You should not divulge this username and password to anyone.

**  
CHILDREN** ****  
Visit does not intend to receive personal data directly from minors.  We assume the people purchasing our services, and making inquiries at our websites, are not minors.  If a minor provides us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, then the parent or guardian can contact Visit to have the minor’s personal information deleted (see the section titled “ **CONTACT US** ” below).

**  
YOUR RIGHTS** ****  
You have certain legal rights, which are briefly summarised below, in relation to any personal data about you which we hold.

  * Where our processing of your personal data is based on your **consent** , you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do decide to withdraw your consent we will stop processing your personal data for that purpose, unless there is another lawful basis we can rely on – in which case, we will let you know. Your withdrawal of your consent won’t impact any of our processing up to that point. 
  * Where our processing of your personal data is necessary for our **legitimate interests** , you can object to this processing at any time. If you do this, we will need to show either a compelling reason why our processing should continue, which overrides your interests, rights and freedoms or that the processing is necessary for us to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim. 



**Your right**

| 

**What does it mean?**

| 

**Limitations and conditions of your right**  
  
---|---|---  
  
**Right of access**

| 

Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have access to your personal data (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”). 

| 

If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to see to ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations.   
We must be able to verify your identity. Your request may not impact the rights and freedoms of other people, eg privacy and confidentiality rights of other individuals.  
  
**Right to data portability**

| 

Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to receive the personal data which you have provided to us and which is processed by us by automated means, in a structured, commonly-used machine readable format. 

| 

If you exercise this right, you should specify the type of information you would like to receive (and where we should send it) where possible to ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations.  
This right only applies if the processing is based on your consent or on our contract with you and when the processing is carried out by automated means (ie not for paper records). It covers only the personal data that has been provided to us by you.   
  
**Rights in relation to inaccurate personal or incomplete data**

| 

You may challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal data and have it corrected or completed, as applicable. 

We encourage you to notify us of any changes regarding your personal data as soon as they occur, including changes to your contact details, telephone number.

| 

This right only applies to your own personal data. When exercising this right, please be as specific as possible.  
  
**Right to object to or restrict our data processing**

| 

Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to object to or ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data.

| 

As stated above, this right applies where our processing of your personal data is necessary for our legitimate interests. You can also object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.   
  
**Right to erasure**

| 

Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have your personal data erased (also known as the _“right to be forgotten”_ ), eg where your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes it was collected for, or where the relevant processing is unlawful.

| 

We may not be in a position to erase your personal data, if for example, we need it to (i) comply with a legal obligation, or (ii) exercise or defend legal claims.   
  
**Right to withdrawal of consent**

| 

As stated above, where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.

| 

If you withdraw your consent, this will only take effect for future processing.  
  
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in your local jurisdiction. For example, in the UK, this would be the Information Commissioner’s Office.

We provide you with several options to manage your information:

Each email we send you will have links to “Manage Subscription" or "Unsubscribe";

  * You may forward your requests to us in writing at our Compliance Manager as provided below in the section titled “ **CONTACT US** ”; and
  * You may contact us directly through any of our operating divisions.



We will require you to reasonably verify your identity before proceeding with the request.  You will need to provide two copies of your ID which can include your:

  * driving licence or passport;
  * utility bill (covering the last 3 months);
  * bank or credit card statement (account redactions acceptable as long as last 4 digits of the card are displayed); or 
  * current vehicle registration document.



Once verified, a request received by us will only be processed by Visit., you will need to make separate requests to another entity should you need to.   
All requests to either obtain a copy of or permanently delete (also referred to as a right to be forgotten) all or part of your information must be forwarded to us as provided in the section titled “ **CONTACT US** ” below.   ****  
**

CONTACT US

**  
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or you need to update your information (including, without limitation, deleting information, unsubscribing, or revoking a consent), or have any other request, please contact us by clicking [here](https://experience.ges.com/GDPR-Data-Enquiry.html)  
**

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

**  
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy by updating this page and by displaying the date of the update at the top of the page.  We encourage you periodically to check this site to learn about the information we collect, use, and share. Your continued use of any of this website affirms your agreement to such changes. 
