> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lcsc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181003112540id_/https%3A//support.lcsc.com/article/163-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - LCSC Support Center

**Introduction    **                                  

LCSC is owned by Shenzhen Lichuang E-commerce Co.,Ltd., a China-based company, headquartered at Rm 519-529, Floor 5, Tianjian Building, No.7 Shangbao Road, Futian District, Shenzhen 518034, China. Shenzhen Lichuang E-commerce Co.,Ltd. is the responsible body and controller as defined by data protection laws. At lcsc.com, protecting the personal data you share with us is hugely important. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you on how we use and manage the information collected at lcsc.com.  

**Personal Data We Collect at lcsc.com**

When you register for our services or purchase products, you provide us with the following:

  * Your name, profile information, shipping address and billing addresses, payment information, email address, phone numbers, and business name (where applicable).
  * When you create an account, you are prompted to create a username and a password. LCSC maintains your username and password (in an encrypted format) inside our secure environment and only uses your information to welcome you back upon your return and personalize your experience on our services. In addition, we store shipping and billing addresses for use with future purchases.
  * Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought and when and how you paid for it).



When you contact us; we contact you; or you take part in any of our promotions, competitions, surveys or questionnaires about LCSC’s services, or you engage with us through social media, we may collect:

  * Personal data you provide (for example, your name and contact details, including address, phone or email);
  * Details of the emails and other digital communications, including any links in them that you access and whether you have opened the communications;
  * Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires.



You are free to choose which information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment information and information on your requested services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations. Without providing this information, you will not be able to order certain services or enter into a contract with us.

When purchasing LCSC’s products, you should know:

  * LCSC does not keep credit card numbers. Your credit card information is immediately tokenized the first time it is processed. Tokenization is a process in which credit card information is captured by a secure payment processor, and replaced by a randomly generated number. Should you elect to save a credit card to your account for future use, only the encrypted token is stored and used to charge your credit card account.
  * LCSC integrates with PayPal globally. We only share your data based on your separately granted consent and only if you have a customer account relationship with PayPal.



**How We Use and Share Your Personal Data**

We promise to take the following responsibilities for protecting users’ information:

  * We protect all data generated by and provided to us by our users from being stolen, compromised, or used in violation with this policy.
  * We ensure that user’s information is only used for providing service for users. We will not use your personal information for other purposes without your permission.
  * Under no circumstances will lcsc.com sell or share any personal information about you to or with any person or organization. We don’t sell user-provided and user-generated data for financial gain or competitive advantage.
  * We will take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and of personally-identifying information.



**We may share your personal data in the instances described below:**

  * EasyEda and LCSC are owned by Shenzhen Lichuang E-commerce Co.,Ltd. If you register or order products at lcsc.com, we will share the information about you and your order with EasyEda.
  * LCSC and JLCPCB are in a group company. If you register or order products at lcsc.com, we will share this information about you and your order with JLCPCB, who may contact you to inquire about the use of your PCB orders.
  * Third-party vendors and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, as needed to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing services, providing tax and accounting services, contest fulfillment, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
  * We may share personal data with law enforcement, regulators, and other parties for legal reasons, such as in cases where required by law or subpoena.
  * Other parties in connection with the (actual or potential) sale, purchase, acquisition, merger, reorganization, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, or similar transaction or proceeding of or involving LCSC.
  * We may disclose sales data to suppliers and manufacturers for product demand, product purchase trends, and payment of commission to the manufacturer's sales force. This may include information disclosed to manufacturers in support of product warranty, safety notifications and/or product support.



**Exercising your other rights**

  * You have the right to access, correct and transfer your data, limit its processing, object to its processing, or withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing that was already performed on the basis of consent prior to its withdrawal (if the processing is consent-based).
  * Moreover, should you decide that our processing breaches the provisions of GDPR, you have the right to submit a complaint to a data protection authority.



**Cookies**

LCSC may use "cookies" to provide information on your computer. Cookies are pieces of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer or device. LCSC may use both session and persistent cookies on our own or through our third-party service providers as described below. Cookies may save your preferences while you are at lcsc.com, such as allowing for persistent login on pages that require logging in, and LCSC may use them to provide you with tailored information and tracking as you use our services. Cookies help LCSC, among other things, to determine which areas of the services are popular by tracking hits to those areas, which may, in turn, allow LCSC or our third-party providers to provide you with targeted information or advertising regarding LCSC’s products and services. By modifying your browser preferences, you may have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject cookies. The rejection or limitation of cookies by your browser may limit your ability to use the service.

**Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising**

  * Google Analytics and Advertising. We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit lcsc.com, log in to your account on our service, or otherwise engage with us. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our services and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Google's site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad-On here <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>.
  * We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to our services. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at <https://google.com/ads/preferences>, or by visiting NAI’s online resources at <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices>.



**Changes to this Policy**

We may modify or update this Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, so you should review this page periodically.

**Contact us**

For any question, please contact us at [support@lcsc.com](mailto:support@lcsc.com).

**Date of Last Modification**

May 25, 2018

__

Still need help? Contact Us [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact)

Last updated on May 29, 2018

### Related Articles

  * [__Do you offer global shipping?](https://web.archive.org/article/19-shipping-and-delivery)
  * [__About Us](https://web.archive.org/article/14-about-us)
  * [__What payment methods do you support?](https://web.archive.org/article/18-payments)
  * [__Do you offer combine shipment with PCBs?](https://web.archive.org/article/24-do-you-offer-combine-shipment-with-pcbs)
  * [__Are the electronic components original and brand new?](https://web.archive.org/article/25-are-the-electronic-components-original-and-brand-new)
  * [__Ordering](https://web.archive.org/article/17-ordering)
  * [__Why Us](https://web.archive.org/article/15-why-us)
  * [__Guidance for BOM Search](https://web.archive.org/article/30-bom-search-instructions)
  * [__How to Export BOM to an Excel Spreadsheet?](https://web.archive.org/article/161-how-to-export-bom-to-an-excel-spreadsheet)


