> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 8.to privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003152721id_/http%3A//8.to/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Singapore Datacentre,Singapore Web Hosting,Singapore IDC, Singapore Data Centre

**Registration**

In order to use our Web Services, you must first complete the order form. During ordering you are required to give us your contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to register or setup the services you have ordered. If you are paying via ecommerce, your financial information such as credit card number, expiration date etc are required.

You will receive your username and password from us via email for the services you have subscribed to.

We use this information for billing purposes and to fulfill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.

**  
NRIC and RCB Numbers**

8 to Infinity Pte Ltd collect an NRIC number ONLY when it is required for performing a service the site provides. RCB or company registration number may be also required for such proposes as registration of country domains for eg .com.sg or .com.au

**  
Uses of Information**

The information given in the order form is used to submit domain name registrations to the relevant registrars or their appointed resellers. It is also used for our billing purposes. We do not share your profile with other third parties.

**  
Communications from the Site**

We will occasionally send you information on [products, services, special deals, promotions]

Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications.

**Newsletters**

If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe by emailing to us at [webmaster@8.to](mailto:webmaster@8.to)

**Service-related Announcements**

We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.

Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.

  
**Information Sharing and Disclosure**

Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)  
We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers. This information does not identify individual users.

We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.

**Legal Disclaimer**

We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.

**Log Files**

As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.

We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.

We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by 8 to Infinity Pte Ltd. Please be aware that we, 8 to Infinity Pte Ltd, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.

We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.

This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.

If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send an email to us at [webmaster@8.to](mailto:webmaster@8.to)

**Business Transitions**

In the event 8 to Infinity Pte Ltd goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.

**Changes in this Privacy Statement**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us using our Contact Us Page.

**  
Disclaimer**

8 to Infinity Pte Ltd does not warrant the content and information presented in 8 to Infinity Web Site henceforth known as the Material as error free. Information given in the Material are given as it is. Under no circumstances can 8 to Infinity Pte Ltd, its employees or agents be responsible for any loss, injury or death as a result of usage of the Material. Neither would 8 to Infinity Pte Ltd warrants that any particular network or computer can or is allowed to be connected to the Material at any one time. 8 to Infinity Pte Ltd reserves all rights to block anyone from accessing the Material without any show cause conditions. Usage of the Material implies acceptance of all the clauses specified in our disclaimers, agreements and terms.
