> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sleepys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217104316id_/http%3A//www.sleepys.com/about/about_privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Sleepy's - The Mattress Professional

|   | 

|   | 

**Welcome to the Sleepy’s Internet site (the “Site”). The Site is owned and operated by Sleepy’s LLC (“Sleepy’s”). This page contains the Sleepy’s Internet Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”). The Site is made available only to those who agree to this Privacy Policy and the Sleepy’s Terms and Conditions of Use into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference. As such, by accessing and using the Site you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Site. Sleepy’s may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, without notice to you, by posting such changes on the Site. By using the Site following any such changes, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy as it may have been changed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your dealings with the Site, please e-mail us at help@sleepys.com or write to us at Sleepy’s, 175 Central Avenue South, Bethpage, New York 11714.**

  
1\. **The Site and Sleepy’s Business**. Sleepy’s operates retail bedding specialty stores which offer a wide variety of high quality sleep products. Sleepy’s brings it reputation of quality and service to you through the ease and convenience of on-line shopping via the Site. Sleepy’s credit card underwriters operate sites embedded within the Site. Such sites are governed by separate privacy policies, which we encourage you to read at such time as you access those sites. The Site is not intended for persons under 13 years of age. Sleepy’s does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.

  
2\. **Your IP address**. An Internet Protocol address (an “ **IP Address** ”) is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web. Web servers are able to automatically identify your computer by its IP Address. Sleepy’s may identify and collect your IP Address to help diagnose problems with its server, administer the Site and identify its users. Sleepy’s may also use your IP Address in conjunction with the Tracking Technologies described below for, among other things, purposes such as remembering user preferences or minimizing the need for you to re-enter information.

  
3\. **Tracking Technologies**. Sleepy’s may collect information from you that is not in the same category as the Personal Information discussed later in this Privacy Policy. For example, Sleepy’s might track information about the date and time visitors access the Site, the type of web browser they used, and the Web site from which visitors connected to the Site. As with many Web sites, Sleepy’s may use "cookies" and/or other technology (e.g., clear GIFs, web beacons and tracker GIFs) in the Site or in our communications with you to enhance the functionality of the Site and to make your transactions and other activities more convenient and efficient (collectively, “ **Tracking Technologies** ”). These Tracking Technologies may vary, but in some cases may involve a small file stored locally on your computer hardware, and may be used by Sleepy’s to store and collect information relating to your viewing and use of the Site and Sleepy’s correspondences with you. **SLEEPY’S WANTS TO BE SURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACCEPTING TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ONTO YOUR COMPUTER IN NO WAY GIVES US ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU. YOU MAY SET YOUR WEB BROWSER SOFTWARE TO REJECT TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES, BUT, IF SO, CERTAIN FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE MAY BE EFFECTED**. Sleepy’s honors the browser settings of visitors to the Site and makes no attempt to circumvent them. Third parties (including, but not limited to, software vendors, advertisers and fulfillment companies) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site. Sleepy’s has no control over what information such third parties track or collect, and has no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of such third parties.  


4\. **Personal Information**. As used in this Privacy Policy “ **Personal Information** ” includes your name, address, phone number, e-mail address or any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you individually but does not generally include generic Web surfing data and information capable of being gathered through Tracking Technologies (collectively “ **Personal Information** ”).

  
5\. **Use of Materials Gathered from or Submitted to the Site**. Subject to this Privacy Policy, any communication or material you transmit to the Site or to Sleepy’s including Personal Information (other than any Personal Information you may submit as part of an employment application), whether by electronic mail or otherwise, for any reason, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Sleepy’s uses the Personal Information you provide to respond to your inquiry or to process your request. As a result, Sleepy’s may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for Sleepy’s. These companies – our vendors – are contractually bound to use Personal Information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. Sleepy’s may also use the Personal Information for other reasonable business purposes of Sleepy’s. For example, Sleepy’s may use Personal Information to contact you, via e-mail or regular mail, to provide you with information that Sleepy’s believes may be of interest. Personal Information also might be used for editorial and feedback purposes, for internal Sleepy’s marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement and to customize the content and layout of the Site. We do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).  


6\. **Employment Information**. If you submit Personal Information or other information to us by filling out a form or sending an email to apply for employment, Sleepy’s will use such Personal Information and other information only in connection with such employment application process.  


7\. **Opt-Out Right**. Visitors may exercise the right to opt-out of having their Personal Information collected by Sleepy’s, used by Sleepy’s for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by Sleepy’s or third parties to send promotional correspondences to the visitor. Such opt-out rights may be exercised by contacting Sleepy’s via email or postal mail at the addresses below. All such correspondence must clearly identify you by name and address and must identify its purpose as the exercise of your opt-out rights.  


8\. **Links to Other Sites**. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Sleepy’s and information collected on this Site. The Site contains links to other sites. Sleepy’s is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Sleepy’s encourages visitors to the Site to be aware when they are leaving the Site and to read the privacy statements of each Web site that collects personally identifiable information.  


9\. **Security**. We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to information about you to those Sleepy’s employees who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. The registration forms that may be used on the Site support encryption to help protect the security of your transfer of data to the Site. Although Sleepy’s will take all reasonable security precautions regarding information stored on the Site, due to the open nature of the Internet, Sleepy’s cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers or transmitted to or from a user will be free from unauthorized access, and Sleepy’s disclaims any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.

  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your dealings with this Site, please e-mail us at **help@sleepys.com** or write to us at **Sleepy’s** , 175 Central Avenue South, Bethpage, New York 11714.

|    
---|---|---|---|---
