> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sleepfoundation.org privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619205346id_/http%3A//www.sleepfoundation.org/site-informantion/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | National Sleep Foundation - The Latest Sleep News and Information

NSF is dedicated to protecting your personal privacy when you visit our Web site. In responding to requests for information, purchases of educational materials and processing of charitable contributions, you may provide us with your email address and postal address.

  1. What do we do with information you provide 
    * Email address: If you subscribe to NSF Alert, the Foundation's weekly email newsletter, NSF uses this address to deliver your Alert. If you are a donor, member or customer, NSF may periodically send you announcements of upcoming programs as well as membership renewal notifications. If you do not wish to receive such communications, please send an email to [nsf@sleepfoundation.org](mailto:nsf@sleepfoundation.org) asking to receive no announcements (subscribers will still receive NSF Alert). 
    * Postal address: NSF members, donors and purchasers of NSF education products receive periodic communications from NSF including membership appeals, program announcements, and introductions of new or updated publications. If you wish to receive no communications from NSF, please send an email to [nsf@sleepfoundation.org](http://www.sleepfoundation.org/site/c.huIXKjM0IxF/b.2418881/k.9FD2/nsf@sleepfoundation.org) asking to receive no more mail. 
    * Purchase and credit card information: NSF processes online payments using secure server technology. The Foundation maintains records of purchases and contributions, but it retains no record of credit card information once charges have been submitted to the bank. 
  2. Disclosure of information NSF collects: NSF does not share names, addresses or emails of individual donors, members or individuals seeking information from NSF with other organizations or companies. Based on the permission of members in the category Community Sleep Awareness Partners, NSF does post the addresses of these sleep labs and sleep centers on our Web site to enable visitors to find resources in their areas. NSF also makes these names and addresses available to select companies and organizations that provide products and services to the sleep field. 
  3. Email Guidelines: NSF does not send unsolicited commercial email to individuals with whom it does not have an existing relationship based upon subscription, membership, purchase of NSF products or request for information. If you receive NSF email that you do not want, please contact [nsf@sleepfoundation.org](http://www.sleepfoundation.org/site/c.huIXKjM0IxF/b.2418881/k.9FD2/nsf@sleepfoundation.org) to have your address removed from NSF's list. 
  4. Children's privacy issues 
    1. NSF adheres to the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). (For more information, please visit <http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/adolts.htm>). 
  5. Cookies: NSF only uses cookies in its online Sleep Diary; this is necessary in order to enable return visits to this resource. NSF does not employ cookies in any other area including its online store or to keep track of purchases. This information is not used for any marketing or solicitation purpose, nor is it linked to individual visitors. 
  6. NSF may use vendors to distribute information from the Foundation, but such services will be at NSF's specific direction and will not permit any use or action contrary to this privacy policy. 
  7. NSF complies with Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. Information provided by users constitutes their consent only for the use specified and any questions, content verification, changes, deletions, corrections from the NSF database may be achieved by contacting the NSF webmaster at [community@sleepfoundation.org](mailto:community@sleepfoundation.org). 



NSF reserves the right to change these privacy policies at any time. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page.
