> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mydish.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071217025743id_/http%3A//mydish.com/privacy.php%3Fkbid%3D1673) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AllSat Privacy Policy - DISH Network Satellite TV by AllSat

**  
PRIVACY POLICY  
**  


AllSat, Inc. created this Web Site Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to ensure the confidence of visitors and customers of our web site (the "Site"), and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. 

**TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED  
**  


**Traffic Data Collected.** We may automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our Site, including your: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; (iv) type of web browser; and (v) other types of anonymous electronic data automatically generated by the computer system, (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We may also use "cookies" to customize content specific to your interests and to store certain information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site.

**Personal Information Collected.** In order for you to purchase products that we offer via the Site, we require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, phone number, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (iii) Demographic Data (such as your age and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail, enter data into online forms, or participate in surveys or contests, any information provided may be collected as Personal Information. By submitting your Personal Information you are consenting to receive telephone calls from us or our affiliates even if you are currently on the DNC (Do Not Call) list.

**Uses of Personal Information Collected.** We or our affiliates may use Contact Data to send you information about our company or our products or services, or to contact you when necessary. We use your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services and to bill you for products and services. We may use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Site, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences. Please note, this Site is not designed for nor intended for use by anyone under the age of 18 and we will not knowingly collect nor share Personal Information on Site users under the age of 18.

**Sharing of Personal Information.** It is our policy to not share Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties.

**User Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal Information.** You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. 

**Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information.** Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are designed to limit unauthorized access to your Personal Information.

**Lost or Stolen Information.** You must promptly notify us if your credit card or user name is lost, stolen or used without permission. In such an event, we will cancel that credit card number and you must provide a replacement credit card number so that we my update our records accordingly. Your liability for charges made on a lost or stolen credit card is governed by your card-holder agreement with your credit card company.

**Other Limits to Your Privacy.** The Site may contain links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

**Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy.** We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site and your continued use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of such change, update or modification.
