> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mydomain.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209041946id_/http%3A//www.mydomain.com/legal/legal_privacy.bml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyDomain's Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how MyDomain, a part of The Endurance International Group, Inc. ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"), may collect, use and disclose information we collect from our customers ("Subscribers") and visitors ("Visitors") (collectively, "Users") who use our services and visit our website located at [www.mydomain.com](http://www.mydomain.com/) (collectively, the "Services"). We will only use the information we collect from you for the limited purpose of providing the Services. 

* **Introduction.** We respect your privacy and want to make your experience using our Services as enjoyable and rewarding as possible. We collect information in different ways from Users who may access our Services, or the network of websites accessible through our Services. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand, when we believe that such disclosure is required by law, or in certain other cases as described below.

* **Registration and Account Information.** Subscribers are asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up for our Services including name, postal address, email address, telephone number, and billing information (such as a credit card number). In addition, to register a domain name, Subscribers are asked to provide this information for the registrant, administrative contact, technical contact and billing contact of the domain name (collectively, "Domain Name Registration Information"), for submission to the appropriate domain registry or registration database. Subscribers may also be asked to complete an online form that collects information about demographics, product usage and preferences, along with other information that will help us improve our products and services. The information collected from Subscribers through these forms is used to manage each Subscriber's account (such as for billing purposes) and to provide Subscribers with information about services that may be of interest to them. This information is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances. However, in instances where we and a partner jointly promote the Services, we may provide the partner certain personal information, such as the name, address, and username of our Subscribers for the sole purpose of allowing us and the partner to assess the results of the promotion. Personal information may not be used by the partner for any other purpose. We may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from information that Subscribers provide during registration (such as the total number of Subscribers in a given category, but not their names). As explained in more detail below, we may in certain instances use this aggregated and non-identifying information to promote advertisements that appear on our website and in connection with our Services. Any such aggregated and non-identifying information that we collect, and any analysis of such information that we produce, is proprietary information of the Company.

* **Domain Registration.** In certain jurisdictions or pursuant to the rules of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN") or certain registries, Domain Name Registration Information has to be made available and accessible to the public through a "WHOIS" search. The WHOIS database is a publicly accessible database that lists the Domain Name Registration Information for a particular domain name, the nameserver(s) to which the domain name points, and the domain name's creation and expiration date. Accordingly, the Domain Name Registration Information you provide is hosted by us and provided to the public through WHOIS searches. At times, Subscribers may receive solicitations that result from searches of the publicly available WHOIS database by other companies or individuals. Any such solicitations or SPAM do not come from us and we do not control the use of WHOIS information by third parties. Further, pursuant to ICANN rules, we are required to make WHOIS data available to any third party that enters into a bulk access agreement. While ICANN allows individuals to opt-out (using the account management panel, domain management console or similar service) of having their WHOIS information made available to third parties through bulk access, companies, such as ours, businesses, and other organizations do not have the ability to opt-out of having their information made available to a third party that enters a bulk access agreement. We may also deposit your Domain Name Registration Information with a third-party escrow provider to comply with ICANN requirements.

* **Partners and Sponsors.** Some Services are offered or promoted to Users in conjunction with a partner or sponsor. We may share certain personal information (such as a Subscriber's name and email) but no billing information with our partner or sponsor in order to provide the relevant Services or run the promotion. Additionally, we may have some co-branded campaigns that are co-sponsored by non-affiliated partners. We may share non-identifying and aggregate information as part of these campaigns in order to administer the co-branded products or services offered, but do not share personally identifiable information of individual Subscribers with such non-affiliated partners.

* **Service Providers.** We may transfer (or otherwise make available) your personal information to third parties that help us provide our Services or provide services on our behalf. For example, we may use service providers to authorize and process payments, administer surveys, or run promotions. Your personal information may be maintained and processed by our third party service providers in the U.S.A or in other jurisdictions. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Privacy Policy regarding notice and choice.

* **Online Shopping.** At some websites that you access through links on our website, you can purchase products and services or register to receive materials, such as a catalog or new product updates. In many cases, you may be asked to provide contact information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit/debit card information. Please note that in such cases, you are providing information to a third party and we have no control over such third party's use of any information you provide and, therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the third party that operates a linked website may collect, use, disclose, secure or otherwise treat your personal information. Except as provided herein, we will not provide any of your personal information to any third parties without your consent. We provide links to some third party websites as a convenience to the User. Please exercise care when visiting linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use which we recommend you read carefully. If you order products directly from us, we will use the personal information you provide only to process that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.

* **Online Advertisements.** We do not share personally identifiable information about individual Users with advertisers. We may display online advertisements and we may share aggregated and non-identifying information about our Users that we collect through the registration process or through online surveys and promotions with certain advertisers. In some instances, we use this aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements. For example, an advertiser may tell us the audience they want to reach (e.g., males between 25 and 55 years of age) and provide us with an advertisement tailored to the audience. Based upon the aggregated and non-identifying information we have collected, we may then display the advertisement to the intended audience.

* **"Cookies" and How We Use Them.** A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites or open certain emails. We may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and Services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. More specifically, we use (i) "required cookies" which are required for our website to work, (ii) "performance cookies" which allow us to analyze how Visitors use our website so we can measure and improve the performance of our website, (iii) "functional cookies" which allow us to remember choices you may have made on our website, and (iv) "advertising cookies" which are used to present ads that are relevant to your interests. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personal information. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, if you decide not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our website. Additionally, be aware that if you visit third party websites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. We may utilize cookies to track referrals from internal and external affiliates, as well as advertising campaigns. We may also use a third party service provider to send emails that you have agreed to receive. Pixel tags and cookies may be used in those email messages to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising, how our Visitors use our website and to enable us to provide more focused marketing communications to you.

* **Responses to Email Inquiries.** When Subscribers send email inquiries to us, the return email address (and other personal information provided in the inquiry) is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. We do not use the return email address for any other purpose and we do not share the return email address with any third party.

* **Voluntary Customer Surveys.** We may periodically conduct customer surveys. We encourage our Users to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you. Your personal information will remain confidential, even if the survey is conducted by a third party on our behalf. Participation in our customer surveys is voluntary. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifying information obtained from the surveys with third parties. Unless otherwise noted in the survey invitation or the survey itself, Users have the option of completing surveys anonymously or providing us with contact information. We may use the contact information to follow up with Users based on the answers they provide. We may also contact you to highlight the changes we have made in response to your feedback.

* **Sale of Business.** If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a material portion of its assets, change in corporate control, or insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any such change in ownership or use of your personal information as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may share personal information with other entities that are owned by the Company or that own our websites or that have a corporate ownership relationship with us.

* **Law Enforcement and Special Cases.** It is our policy not to use or share personal information about Users in ways unrelated to the ones described above without your consent. However, we, or our service providers, may disclose personal information about Users, or information regarding your use of the Services in response to governmental or legal requests (such as to a subpoena, search warrant, or court order), or as otherwise required to comply with applicable laws. We may also disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against a party that threatens us, our systems or our Users (for example, to prevent a DDoS attack).

* **Widgets.** Our website includes social media features (such as the Facebook "Like" button). These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets may be hosted by a third party or directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature. 

* **Statistics.** We use information gathered from our website statistics (for example, User IP addresses) to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our website. We also gather broad demographic information from this data to help us improve our website and make your browsing and purchasing experience more enjoyable. Any statistics gathered by us are proprietary property of the Company.

* **Public Forums.** Please remember that any information you may disclose or post in our User directory, spotlights/case studies, testimonials, forums, or other public areas of our websites or the Internet, becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas. To request removal of your personal information from our community forums or testimonials, contact us at [legal@mydomain-inc.com](mailto:legal@mydomain-inc.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know why we are unable to do so.

* **Our Commitment to Data Security.** We have implemented measures designed to protect personal information in our custody and control. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this website cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite our best efforts. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

Your online access to certain personal information may be protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls or email messages).

* **How to Access or Modify Your Information.** You have the right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information we have in our custody or control by accessing your personal profile in your account or by contacting support via email, phone or online chat. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records.

To ensure you receive the information you need to manage your account and protect your privacy, please be sure to keep your contact and billing information up to date. You can update all account-related information directly through your Control Panel. Alternatively, you can contact MyDomain support by phone 800-405-7875 or through our online [support form](https://web.archive.org/controlpanel/sconcole/).

* **Personal Information of Children.** This website is not directed towards children and we do not seek to collect any personal information from children. If we become aware that personal information from a child under the age of 13 has been collected, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.

* **Where to Direct Questions About Our Privacy Policy.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact: Legal, MyDomain, 10 Corporate Dr., Suite 300, Burlington, MA 01803 or legal@mydomain-inc.com.

* **Unsubscribe/Opt-out** When you become a Subscriber of MyDomain, you are automatically subscribed to receive notices about your account, email newsletters and news of special promotions offered through MyDomain and/or in conjunction with our partners.

To unsubscribe from MyDomain newsletters and promotional mailings, please update your preferences with our [subscription settings tool](https://web.archive.org/utils/Subscribe.bml?ref=cpdropdown) or email us at [MyDomain support](https://web.archive.org/controlpanel/sconsole/). If you would like to cancel your MyDomain subscription, please contact [MyDomain](mailto:support@mydomain-inc.com) support through our online support form or call us at 800-405-7875.

Please note: You agree that we may use any contact information you provide to communicate with you about your account, which may include by mail, email or phone. If you provide a cell phone number, you agree that we may call or text message you about your account. 

* **United States.** The servers that maintain this website and all information and data stored in connection with your use of the Services are located in the United States of America. By using the website or the Services, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA to provide the Services and as specified in this Privacy Policy. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.

* **Terms of Use.** This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/legal/).

* **Revisions to This Policy.** We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. However, if we plan to materially change how we plan to use previously collect personal information, we will provide you with advance notice prior to the change becoming effective and an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

* **TrustE Certification.** We have been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's [Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/program-requirements) and the [TRUSTed Cloud Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/TRUSTed-cloud/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at [legal@mydomain-inc.com](mailto:legal@mydomain-inc.com) If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).  | 

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/Endurance-International-Group,-Inc/validation?rid=9f587621-141c-4786-8211-0a8c86d0e4fe "Validate TRUSTe privacy certification")  
  
---|---  
  
_The TRUSTe program covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through our website,[www.mydomain.com](http://www.mydomain.com/), and our Services._

 **APPLICABLE TO ALL RESELLERS:** In addition to all of the terms and conditions set forth above, the following terms apply to Resellers only.

We may collect information under the direction of Resellers, and we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data is provided, processed or obtained by our Resellers. Customers who seek access, or who seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the Reseller's data controller. If the Reseller requests that we remove the data, we will respond to such request within thirty (30) business days.

If you are a customer of one of our Resellers and would no longer like to be contacted by such Reseller, please contact the Reseller from whom you purchased products or services. 

We retain personal data we process on behalf of our Resellers for as long as needed to provide services under the relationship. We will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

 **This file was last modified January 30, 2014.**
