> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the raceroster.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180128033434id_/https%3A//raceroster.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Race Roster — Registration, Marketing. Fundraising

This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the practices, policies and procedures related to our Platform located at https://raceroster.com (the “Platform”. The Platform is owned and operated by Race Roster, (hereinafter referred to as “Race Roster,” or “we” or “us”).This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”), that is collected from users of and/or visitors (“you” or “your”) to the Platform (including through those users’ and visitors’ agents), and including (i) registered users who are event managers and planners (“Managers”), (ii) users who want to purchase event entry, register for or donate to events (whether free or paid) listed by Managers on the Platform (“Registrants”), and (iii) other non-Managers users or visitors to the Platform (“other non-managers”). Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to Race Roster’s online information-gathering and sharing practices occurring on the Platform, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline. 

We take the privacy of your Personal Data and other information very seriously. Because of that, we have created this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy as it includes important information regarding your Personal Data and other important information. 

If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us. **CONSENT: By using the Platform and related services, or allowing someone to use the Platform and related services on your behalf, you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage in accordance with this Privacy Policy of any Personal Data or other information received by us as a result of such use.**

When you interact with us through the Platform, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you or someone on your behalf, as further described below: 

**Managers:** We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the Platform, such as when you register for access to the Platform as a Manager, contact us with inquiries, or use certain Platform. The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address and other personally identifiable information. In some cases we may collect your credit card information (e.g., your credit card number and expiration date, billing address, etc.), some of which may constitute Personal Data, to secure certain payments. In addition, if you use our payment processing services, we will collect financial information from you (e.g., your bank account information or an address to send checks) as necessary to facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes (e.g., your taxpayer identification number). 

**Registrants and other non-managers:** We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the Platform (including event registration pages within the Platform), such as when you register for access to the Platform (whether as a Manager or otherwise), register for an event as a Registrant, contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys or use certain parts of the Platform. The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address, ZIP or postal code and other personally identifiable information. If you register for a paid event, we will collect financial information from you (e.g., your credit card number and expiration date, billing address, etc.) some of which may constitute Personal Data. In addition, Managers can set up event registration pages to collect virtually any information from Registrants in connection with registration for a Manager’s event listed on the Platform. If a Registrant voluntarily provides that information in connection with registration for an event or otherwise, it will be available to us and will be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, such information will be delivered to the Manager of the applicable event in accordance with “Our Disclosure of Information That We Collect: Manager” below. 

**Privacy Policy Links:** We make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy in the footer of every page on our websites, including those pages on which Personal Data is collected.

**Non-Identifiable Data:** When you interact with the Platform, we collect certain personally non-identifiable information (“Non-Personal Data”). The Non-Personal Data we collect includes without limitation Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet browser type, other characteristics of your device and software, domain names of your Internet Service Provider, your approximate geographic location, a record of your usage of the Platform, the time of your usage and aggregated Personal Data that cannot be used to specifically identify you. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot, in and of itself, be used to specifically identify you. We also collect Non- Personal Data (including, without limitation, of the type set forth above) from third parties. The information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information we collect. 

**Cookies and Other Session Identifiers:** In operating the Platform, we use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of information that is placed on your browser when you access the Platform. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Platform and help us analyze Service usage more accurately. For instance, our Platform may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Platform without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit. These cookies may be used to tailor content (including advertising) you see on the Platform as well as other Internet sites that you may visit in the future. Cookies may be session cookies (i.e., last only for one browser session) or persistent cookies (i.e., continue in your browser until they are deleted or expire).Through your web browser’s option settings you may be able (i) to receive notifications when you are receiving new cookies, (ii) to disable cookies or (iii) to delete cookies. Please refer to your web browser’s help section for information on how to do this. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the features of the Platform. In addition to the types of cookies described above, we use local shared objects, also known as “Flash cookies,” and HTML 5 Local Storage for various purposes, including for fraud prevention and to display content (both on and off the Platform) based upon what you view on the Platform. Local shared objects and HTML 5 Local Storage are different from cookies described above. Cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove local shared objects or HTML 5 Local Storage. 

**Aggregated Personal Data:** In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Platform, we often conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior based on Personal Data and other information that we have collected. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally and therefore is considered and treated as Non-Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. 

We use the Personal Data we collect in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may use the Personal Data as follows: 

**Specific Reason:** If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address from which the contact came. 

**Access and Use:** If you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to or use of the Platform or any functionality thereof, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to or use of the Platform or functionality and to monitor your use of such Platform or functionality. For instance, if you supply payment information (e.g., bank account or credit card information) to the Platform for the purpose of registering as a Registrant or processing payments as a Manager we will use that information to facilitate such purchase or process such payments. 

**Internal Business Purposes:** We may use your Personal Data for internal business purposes including without limitation to help us improve the content and functionality of the Platform, to better understand our users, to improve the Platform, to protect against, identify or address fraudulent activities, to enforce our Terms of Service, to manage your account and provide you with customer service, and to generally manage the Platform and our business. 

**Marketing:** We may use your Personal Data to contact you in the future for our marketing and advertising purposes, including without limitation to inform you about services or events we believe might be of interest to you, to develop promotional or marketing materials and provide those materials to you, and to display content and advertising on or off the Platform that we believe might be of relevance to you. In particular, Managers should note that we may use information we receive or collect regarding Registrants (including without limitation via a Manager’s event registration page) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, including in the manner set forth above. 

**Manager Emails:** We allow Managers to use our email system to contact Registrants for their current and past events, so you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Managers. 

If we intend to use any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior to such use. 

Because Non-Personal Data cannot be used to personally identify you, we may use non-personal data for any lawful purpose. 

We may sell or share your Personal Data to third parties, including third party advertisers, whom we think may provide products or services that may be of interest to you. If we do so, we will always ask such third parties to provide you an opportunity to opt out from receiving such communications. Additionally, you can write to us at [support@raceroster.com](mailto:support@raceroster.com) to request that we do not share your information with such third parties. Additionally, there are additional circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

**Business Transfers:** As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquiror of the Company (or its assets) will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

**Subsidiaries and Affiliates:** We may also share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries and/or affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our subsidiaries and affiliates will be bound to maintain that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties:** We, like many businesses, sometimes engage other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we engage another company to perform such functions, we may provide them with information, including Personal Data, in connection with their performance of such functions. 

**Managers:** When you register for or donate to an event on the Platform, you consent to our providing your Personal Data to the Managers of such event. These Managers are not bound to treat your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree that we are not responsible for the actions of these Managers with respect to your Personal Data. It is important that you review the applicable policies of the Managers of an event before providing Personal Data or other information in connection with that event. 

**Legal Requirements:** We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law (including, without limitation responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, court or government agency) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (i) to comply with a legal obligation, (ii) to protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of other customers or users, (iii) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Platform or the public, or (iv) to protect against legal liability. 

Because Non-Personal Data cannot be used to personally identify you, we may disclose, transfer or share Non-Personal Data for any lawful purpose. 

## Your Choices:

You have several choices available when it comes to your Personal Data: 

**Limit the Personal Data You Provide:** You can use the Platform without providing any Personal Data or with limiting the Personal Data you provide. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data or limit the Personal Data you provide, you may not be able to use certain functionality of the Platform. For instance, in order to open an account/register for your events your name and email address is required 

**Opt Out:** You can “opt out” of receiving Company newsletter emails by following the prompts on the newsletter to unsubscribe. In the event a Manager uses our system to email you, you will be able to “opt out” of receiving those communications as well. Please note that if you unsubscribe from receiving a particular Manager’s emails, you will no longer receive emails from the particular Manager that are sent through our system (but you may still receive emails sent by that Manager through means other than our system), however, you will still receive Company communications and communications from other Managers whose events you have attended or are registered to attend or who have otherwise obtained your email address. Likewise, if you unsubscribe from our communications you will continue to receive communications from Managers. So you may have to unsubscribe from multiple emails before you stop receiving all communications. You can also unsubscribe from receiving all Manager emails sent through our system. It may take up to 72 hours for us to process an unsubscribe request. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from update communications about the Platform. You can stop receiving communications only by contacting us at https://raceroster.com/contact-us/ and closing your account. By electing to stop receiving all communications from us or through our system you will no longer receive any updates on your account or on events you are registered to attend or have previously attended, including communications regarding refunds. We do not recommend that you do this unless you plan to no longer use the Platform, are not currently registered for an event, are not currently organizing an event and will have no need to receive further communications from us or through our system. Even after you opt out of all communications, we will retain your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, however, we will no longer use it to contact you. However, Managers who have received your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy may still use that Personal Data to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies, but they may not use our system to do so. 

## Exclusions

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by us other than Personal Data collected by us through the Platform. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us or another user or visitor through the Platform or through any other means. Please do not send confidential or sensitive information to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website.This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Platform, such as bulletin boards, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, claim or demand letters, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and exploit such Unsolicited Information without limitation or attribution. 

## Children

We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Platform. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Platform without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through the Platform, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. 

## Links to Other Web Sites

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Platform. The Platform may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Platform do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. 

## Storage and Security: 

We may store Personal Data itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Platform from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Platform may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e- mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data via the Internet.

**USE OF THE WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OR CANADA**  
We do not represent or warrant that the Platform, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access our Platform, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction. Please note that the Platform is hosted in the United States and Canada and is governed by United States law, as applicable, or Canadian law, as applicable. If you are using our Platform from outside the United States, or Canada, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States, or Canada, whereever our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and Canada and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Platform, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. 

## Changes to Company’s Privacy Policy

The Platform and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice, and for any reason. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Platform after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. 

## Access to Information; Contacting Company

To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Platform. Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices. Please communicate any questions or concerns via email on our “Contact Us” page. 
