> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rackroomshoes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150419052411id_/http%3A//www.rackroomshoes.com/content/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rack Room Shoes | Shoes, Boots, Sneakers, Sandals | Women, Men, Kids

**This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is intended to explain what Rack Room Shoes does with your information and what you can expect from Rack Room Shoes regarding the privacy of your information, including:**

  1. What information is being collected and how.
  2. How such information will be used.
  3. The choices available to consumers regarding collection, use and distribution of information, including an opt-out.
  4. How to change your information.
  5. A statement regarding Rack Room Shoes’ commitment to data security, including the steps that Rack Room Shoes takes to protect data quality and access.
  6. The consequences, if any, of a customer's refusal to provide information.
  7. How to contact Rack Room Shoes and/or otherwise hold Rack Room Shoes accountable for the Policy.
  8. How you can know if the Policy has been revised.
  9. Links to other websites; and
  10. Children's privacy.



1. Rack Room Shoes may collect certain personally identifiable information that is voluntarily provided by you, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and, in regard to online purchases only, your credit card number. We collect such information when you purchase items online, sign up for email updates or participate in one of our contests, sweepstakes or online promotions (as applicable). We may also collect information concerning gift recipients in order to fulfill gift orders. Rack Room Shoes does not collect any personally identifiable information through cookies or beacons.

2. When you purchase items from the Rack Room Shoes website, we will use your information to process the order, as well as to contact you if we have any questions or concerns about your order and to provide shipping confirmation. If you participate in an online contest or sweepstakes, we may use your information to further update you on the promotion in which you participated. If you “opt in” for communications from Rack Room Shoes, we will use your information to provide promotional information, coupons or e-mails at the contact information that you have provided. Online purchasers and participants in contests, sweepstakes and promotions may also be included in the “opt in” list.

You may choose to stop receiving promotional or other communications from us, or request that Rack Room Shoes not provide your personal contact information to certain third parties, at any time by “opting out” of further communications. Please see the information below regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties and opting out of communications.

In connection with the uses outlined in this Policy only, Rack Room Shoes may share your information with our website hosting partners and may use certain third-party marketing services firms as necessary to deliver e-mail communications or online ads to those on our opt-in list. We do not sell any personally identifiable information concerning our users. We may also release your personal information to comply with the law or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety.

As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we may sell or buy online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information concerning customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets.

3. If at any time you no longer wish to receive communications from us, you are free to “opt out” of receiving these communications. If you would no longer like to receive e-mailed coupons, special events information, sales notifications or other messages from Rack Room Shoes, please click the “Unsubscribe” button at the bottom of the email and follow the instructions. Your e-mail address and other personal information will be removed from our marketing list. OPTING OUT OF RECEIVING EMAILS WILL ONLY AFFECT YOUR RECEIPT OF EMAILS. YOU MAY STILL RECEIVE MESSAGES FROM RACK ROOM SHOES VIA TEXT MESSAGE OR OTHER METHODS.

If you agree to receive mobile text coupons from Rack Room Shoes, Rack Room Shoes may provide any of the information described in this Policy, including promotional or marketing text messages, via text messages to the phone number you provided to Rack Room Shoes. Your consent to receive text messages (opt-in) is not required to buy merchandise from Rack Room Shoes, Inc. If you wish to opt out of receiving text messages, or if you have errantly received a marketing text message without opting in to the program, you can cancel the program at any time by texting STOP RRS to 77550. OPTING OUT OF RECEIVING TEXT MESSAGES WILL ONLY AFFECT YOUR RECEIPT OF TEXT MESSAGES. YOU MAY STILL RECEIVE MESSAGES FROM RACK ROOM SHOES VIA EMAIL OR OTHER METHODS.

You may text HELP RRS to 77550 to receive additional information regarding Rack Room Shoes’ Mobile Alerts Program. STANDARD MESSAGE AND DATA RATES MAY APPLY. WHILE RACK ROOM SHOES DOES NOT CHARGE ANY FEE FOR USING ITS SERVICE, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE VIA TEXT, MULTIMEDIA, OR INSTANT MESSAGE ON YOUR MOBILE PHONE OR ANY OTHER DEVICE IS SUBJECT TO THE STANDARD MESSAGE AND DATA CHARGES PER YOUR CARRIER’S RATE PLAN.

4. If you have submitted personally identifiable information and would like to change or delete that information, please [email us](mailto:customercare@rackroom.com) or update your information using the “Edit your profile” link located on the e-mail communication.

5. Rack Room Shoes values the privacy of its customers and visitors to this website. Therefore, Rack Room Shoes endeavors to comply with relevant ethical standards in gathering, using and safeguarding customer information that is entrusted to Rack Room Shoes. Please note that, despite our diligence, new technology is constantly evolving and Rack Room Shoes cannot immediately implement all new technology upon development.

6. At no time are you obligated to provide us any personal information in order to use and enjoy our website. It is Rack Room Shoes’ policy to collect only that information that Rack Room Shoes needs to meet our customers’ needs, conduct our business efficiently, and communicate special or specific offers to you. There is no consequence if you do not wish to provide Rack Room Shoes with your personally identifiable information, except that you will not be able purchase items on our website or receive those certain communications that are delivered only to our opt-in list.

7. If you feel at anytime that your personally identifiable information has been compromised by Rack Room Shoes, please contact us immediately at [customercare@rackroom.com](mailto:customercare@rackroom.com).

8. Rack Room Shoes reserves the right to change our Policy as our business changes. If this Policy changes, we will post an updated Policy on our website. You can tell if this Policy has changed by checking the revision date and version number that appear at the end of this Policy.

9. To assist you in acquiring addition information, the Rack Room Shoes site may have links to websites operated by third parties. Those websites will have their own policies on privacy that you may wish to review. Rack Room Shoes has no responsibility concerning the content or operation of these linked websites.

10. Rack Room Shoes is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all of its customers, especially children under the age of 13. Additionally, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect, use, and disclose personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. COPPA in some instances also requires that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under the age of 13 to provide certain information to us.

Following is an explanation of our policies regarding collection of information from children under the age of 13. The term “child” or “children” below refers to such children under the age of 13 and the term “parent” below includes legal guardians.

(a) Collection of Information. In connection with certain online sweepstakes and promotions only, Rack Room Shoes may knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. In such event, the information collected will be limited to the child’s name, age, address, e-mail address the e-mail address of his or her parent and a screen name created by the child at the time of entry. Pursuant to applicable laws, Rack Room Shoes will not condition a child’s participation in any online activity on the child providing more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary. All information will be collected by the active submission of such information by the child, and not through the use of cookies or beacons.

(b) Use of the Information and Disclosure to Third Parties . If a child registers for a sweepstakes or other promotion, we may use the parent's e-mail address to notify the parent of the child's registration request (see below). All other personally identifiable information collected from the child will be used for the express purpose of operating the sweepstakes or promotion only, which may include notification to the child regarding rules and results of the sweepstakes. We may share a child's personally identifiable information with third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to: protect the security of integrity of our sites; to take precautions against liability; to respond to judicial process; or to the extent permitted under provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related to public safety. Except for the limited disclosures described in this paragraph, we will not make any public disclosure (on our website or a chat page, for example) of any personally identifiable information provided to us by a child. As provided in (2) above, we do not sell any personally identifiable information concerning our users.

(c) Parental Consent. Except as allowed by law, if Rack Room Shoes has actual knowledge that any child under the age of 13 has attempted to provide any personally identifiable information, we will send an e-mail to the parental e-mail address provided to us, and allow parents 48 hours to refuse a child’s submission (and our subsequent collection and use for a stated purpose) of personally identifiable information. If the parent refuses to allow the child’s submission (and our subsequent collection and use for a stated purpose), we will promptly delete the child’s information from our database. If for any reason, the e-mail sent to the parental email address is undeliverable, we will delete the child’s submission as if the parent refused the child’s submission. In the event a child wins a sweepstakes or contest, and we want to publicize the name (and/or other personally identifiable information) of such child, we will notify the parent at the parent's e-mail address and request that the parent provide his or her name and address for delivery of the applicable release and consent form. We will not publish or release the name or other personally identifiable information of any child as a winner of any contest without the express written consent of the child’s parent.

(d) Review and Deletion of Information. A parent can contact our customer service department at the contact information provided in (7) above at any time to review, change, or delete the personally identifiable information that we have collected from his or her child. A parent may also expressly request that a child’s information not be shared with those limited third-parties with which we may share information, as necessary (and except as may be required pursuant to applicable laws), pursuant to (b) above. If you need any further information, or have any questions regarding our collection of personally identifiable information from children, please contact us at: Rack Room Shoes Marketing Department, 8310 Technology Drive, Charlotte, NC 28262, or [customercare@rackroom.com](mailto:customercare@rackroom.com)

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 12/21/2011 and is Version 1.5
