> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cruise.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050406011032id_/http%3A//www.cruise.co.uk/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cruise.co.uk – Cheap cruise holidays, all-inclusive cruises, Luxury cruise lines, honeymoon cruises and last minute cruises. Discounts on great cruise packages at Cruise.co.uk

The following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting cruise.co.uk You can generally visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information, including your e-mail address. cruise.co.uk does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis, such as when requesting a brochure or accessing our cruise booking applications. cruise.co.uk will not share e-mail addresses nor any information submitted by a user when accessing our web site with anyone outside cruise.co.uk nor will cruise.co.uk disclose user information to any third party.

Cruise.co.uk may use the information it gathers for its own internal purposes. cruise.co.uk goal in collecting personal information online is to continually improve the content of our web site and to offer consumers with cruise products that best meet your preferences and desires. cruise.co.uk may use the personal data you provide online to send you information about new products and services, or offers that we feel may be of interest to you. However, we will protect your online information in the same manner that we protect our passenger information obtained through other means.

cruise.co.uk reserves the right to change this policy at any time. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. By using the cruise.co.uk site, you signify your agreement with the terms of our privacy statement.   
  
Looking for a cheap discounted cruise holiday? Why not cruise with cruise.co.uk. We hold a comprehensive stock of cheap cruise holidays to destinations around the world including a wide range of cruises to the Caribbean, Alaska, Mediterranean, Norwegian cruise lines and further special offers for cruise holidays to other destinations worldwide. We also hold a great selection of deals on All Inclusive, Luxury, Honeymoon and last minute cruise holidays. Choose from a variety of Royal Caribbean cruises, Carnival cruise ships, Fred Olsen Cruise Lines, Cunard Cruises and P&O Cruises all available to book at Cruise.co.uk 
