> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crushspot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101121125713id_/http%3A//crushspot.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CrushSpot :: Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us.   
---  
Introduction.   
We take your right to privacy seriously and want you to feel comfortable using our web site. This Privacy Policy deals with personally identifiable information (referred to as "Data" below) that may be collected by us on our site. This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or within our control. Please take time to read our [Terms of Use](http://crushspot.com/tos.php). This privacy policy was last revised on February 21, 2008. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. This privacy policy is only valid for Crushspot.   
1\. Collection of Data.   
Our registration process requires only a valid e-mail address and a unique user name and password. Providing us with other information is your option. Please take note that your user name, e-mail address, or other submissions that you make on this site may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on this site. If you use a forum or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. We reserve the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Service. Like many Websites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if at all) is set forth below.   
2\. Use of Data.   
We may use Data to customize and improve your user experience on this site. We will make efforts so that your Data will not be provided to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) we obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-into or opt-out of the sharing of Data. We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at . You may write to 1045 N. Armando Ave., Suite G., Anaheim, CA 92806 to opt-out. You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party ; (iii) a service provided on our site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party, by way of example an Application Service Provider; (iv) pursuant to legal process or law enforcement; (v) we find that your use of this site violates our Policy, Terms of Service, other usage guidelines, or as deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal rights and/or property; (vi) or this site is purchased by a third party whereby that third party will be able to use the Data in the same manner as we can as set forth in this Policy. In the event you choose to use links that appear on our site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites. We want you to be fully informed that we do not control these other Websites; hence this specific privacy policy is not applicable to these other Websites. As a result, these other Websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may disclose that information differently. We suggest that you review their privacy policies and remind you that we at Crushspot.com will not be responsible for their actions. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Medmania, Inc., such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before any personally identifiable information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.   
3\. Cookies.   
Like many Websites, we set and use cookies to keep track of your purchases. In the continual process of enhancing user interaction and experience at Crushspot.com, we may retain your personal settings, and if you choose, your password and financial information so you do not have to constantly re-enter this information with each visit to Crushspot.com. Advertisements may appear on our Website and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer and are subject to the privacy policy of those parties providing the advertisements. Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Crushspot and Crushspot only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.   
4\. Children.   
We do not allow persons who are ages twelve or younger to become members of this site. For more information, please contact .   
5\. Editing or Deleting Your Account Information.   
We provide you with the ability to edit the information in your user account that you provided to us through registration by using your personal page configuration area. You may request deletion of your user account by contacting . Content or other data that you may have provided to us and that is not contained within your user account, such as posts that may appear within our forums, may continue to remain on our site at our discretion even though your user account is deleted. Please see our [Terms of Use](http://crushspot.com/tos.php) for more information.   
6\. How We Use Financial Information   
We use your financial information to check your qualifications, to bill you for products and services, and to enable you to participate in discount, rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information on the Crushspot.com website, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine are necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity. By purchasing, registering, or making reservations for products or services of third parties offered on the Site, or by participating in programs offered on the Site that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties.   
7\. Changes to this Privacy Policy.   
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.   
8\. NO GUARANTEES.   
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of Data and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that result in disclosure of Data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data.   
9\. Contact Information.   
If you have any questions about this Policy or our Website, please feel free to contact . 

Our mailing address is:   
Crushspot   
1045 N. Armando Ave., Suite G.   
Anaheim, CA 92806   
  
10\. Security   
The security of your personal information is important to us. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.   
11\. TELL-A-FRIEND program   
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Crushspot stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at  to request that we remove this information from our database. 
