> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saiglobal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061022170124id_/http%3A//www.saiglobal.com/corporate/policies/privacypolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SAI Global Privacy Policy and Statement

SAI Global acknowledges and takes seriously its obligations under the Privacy Act 1998 (as amended by the Privacy Amendment Private Sector Act 2000) and the associated 10 National Privacy Principles (NPPs). 

## Collection and Storage of Personal Information 

In the course of our business, personal information such as names, addresses, may be collected and held, for use in fulfilling the primary purposes intended. This includes information required to provide customers and others with products and services. Information retained on our database is also used to inform stakeholders and customers of relevant developments in procedures or products which we believe is either necessary or will assist in the use of the product or service we offer. Unless we are informed otherwise, we will continue to use the information collected in this manner. Accuracy of information is important to us and changes or corrections to information held will be welcomed at any time. 

Normally we collect information from the persons concerned and they are under no obligation to provide it. However without certain information we may be unable to provide the products and services, or facilitate the preferred payment method. Most personal information is stored in-house. In some cases, such as certain web-based services that are contracted out, necessary contractual measures are taken to protect this information. 

All reasonable steps are taken to protect the security of the personal information held, be it stored in electronic or hard copy form. Except for the reasons given in the NPPs, access is available to the person whose information is held, subject to the payment of reasonable expenses incurred in extracting such information. Access to personal information can be arranged by contacting: 

The Chief Privacy Officer 

PO Box 5420 

SYDNEY NSW 2001 

Ph: (02) 8206 6000 

Fax: (02) 8206 6001 

Email: [privacy.officer@sai-global.com](mailto:privacy.officer@sai-global.com)

## Complaints concerning our Privacy Policy 

All complaints under this policy will be treated seriously, dealt with promptly in a confidential manner and may not be used to affect the provision of any goods or services either requested or contracted to be supplied to the complainant. 

Complaints under this policy are those that relate to collection of personal information or how it is collected, stored, used or disclosed. All staff undertake training on privacy and the person receiving the complaint will attempt to resolve the complaint, forwarding information on actions taken to the Chief Privacy Officer. Complaints will be recorded and reported in the Compliance Report to the Board. 

Complaints concerning the privacy practices or about how personal information is managed, may be forwarded at any time to the Chief Privacy Officer. 

## Privacy Statement 

All documentation, whether electronic or printed, generated by or on behalf of the company from which personal information may be collected as a part of the transaction process the primary purpose of which is to provide products or services, will carry the following statement concerning privacy: 

## Your Privacy

SAI Global respects stakeholders' privacy at all times. When processing your order or application we collect personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing you with a high level of customer service. We may also use this information to inform you of other related products and services which may be available. 

As we value your privacy we do not make your personal information available to other organizations without your explicit consent, and you have the right to gain access to your information at any time. For more information please see our Privacy Policy on our website 'http://www.sai-global.com' that provides further detail. Please direct privacy related enquiries to the Chief Privacy Officer on (02) 8206 6000 or by e-mail to ‘privacy.officer@sai-global.com." 

## Staff Training 

All staff will undergo in-house training on the Privacy Policy and our obligations, and all new staff will complete this training as an element of induction training. Staff training will be updated and completed by staff on an annual basis. 

Please note that this Privacy Policy and Statement will be subject to regular review and updated as required. 

Please [click here](https://web.archive.org/Corporate/Policies/Linking%20Policy.htm) to view our [Linking Policy](https://web.archive.org/Corporate/Policies/Linking%20Policy.htm)  

