> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saiyanisland.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130401183604id_/http%3A//www.saiyanisland.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Saiyan Island

Saiyan Island understands the importance of privacy and respects each and every visitor’s rights, that’s why this privacy policy was adapted. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. 

**What kind of information is collected?**  
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol”, or IP address. The IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic data, and to investigate misuse of SAIYANISLAND.COM, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement. 

From time to time, SAIYANISLAND.COM or its advertisers may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of SAIYANISLAND.COM have been visited and/or customized to fit your preference, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement or to show appropriate advertisements based on the content that is being viewed on SAIYANISLAND.COM. We and our advertisers may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on this site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookie, some features on SAIYANISLAND.COM may not work as intended.Additionally, every once in a while we question reader’s on our front page via survey. This survey is sometimes used to further explore reader preferences and content they might like to see in the future. This is used to better enhance the content of our site and to attract newcomers as well. 

**Registration:**  
SAIYANISLAND.COM does not require its visitors to register to view content. Registration on SAIYANISLAND.COM is used for visitors to post their thoughts and opinions on selected content. These comments are moderated for the safety of the visitors of this site. Registration is free, and the only contact information collected is the users e-mail address to send notification of the services of SAIYANISLAND.COM by e-mail. No personal information is collected.

**Third Parties:**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>

By visiting SAIYANISLAND.COM, you consent to the collection and use of information by SAIYANISLAND.COM as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

By continuing to access SAIYANISLAND.COM, its files, and affiliates, you are expressly and impliedly agreeing to all of the terms as stated above on this document, as well as those in the [Disclaimer](https://web.archive.org/disclaimer).
