> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the apothica.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150320084718id_/http%3A//apothica.com/policies/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Last updated:  August 27, 2014.

Thank you for visiting Apothica.com ("Apothica"). We want you to know that your privacy is important to us. Our customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we strive to ensure your experience with Apothica is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. Part of our commitment to you is to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you of what information we collect, why we collect such information, and how we secure and use the information we collect. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Service. **By visiting Apothica, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.**

When you submit your personal information to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We are always available to discuss your questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please contact us using one of the methods listed on the Contact Us page of our website.

Apothica will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy each time you visit our website for any updates or changes. 

This Privacy Policy applies only to Apothica and its affiliated websites SkinCareRx.com and SkinBotanica.com (or collectively our "Site"). This Privacy Policy does not necessarily apply to our offline collection of your personal information, which is addressed later in this document.   Your use of our Site constitutes your consent to this Privacy Policy, including any changes or updates. If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy policy, you should not use the Site.

We also interact with customers on third party sites where we post content or invite your feedback, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and other related social sites.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any websites other than our Site, including any websites that link to or from our Site.

Data Encryption and Industry Standard Firewalls

Your security is our first concern when designing any feature on our Site. From concept to production, we exercise security-first design. Simply stated, your trust and safety is our priority. 

Our Site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to provide you with the safest, most-secure shopping experience possible. SSL technology enables encryption (scrambling) of sensitive information, such as credit card, email addresses, user names and passwords during your online transactions, so your personal information stays safe and out of malicious hands.

Our servers are protected by secure firewalls specially designed to keep information secure and inaccessible by other Internet users.  SSL Technology and industry standard firewalls work together to ensure your privacy and to assist in protecting your personal data.

Data Vulnerability Protection

To constantly ensure your data is secure as possible, we utilize an industry-leading external service provided by McAfee SECURE. This service performs daily testing intrusion attacks against our systems, much like a skilled hacker's would. If vulnerability is ever discovered, we are notified and any critical vulnerabilities reported are resolved in an expeditious manner. By taking this extra level of precaution, we ensure your information is as secure as possible from new threats.

Collection and Use of Information

Information Collection: We endeavor to strictly adhere to state, local and federal laws regarding the preservation and archiving of information collected. We collect information from you in several different ways on our Site. One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful and customized experience. For example, we can use your personal information to:  
-Help make our Site easier for you to use by removing the need to enter information more than once.  
-Help you quickly find information, products and services.  
-Help us create content on our Site that is most relevant to you.  
-Alert you to new information, products and services that we offer.

Registration and Ordering: Before using certain parts of our Site or ordering products, you may complete an online registration form or order checkout form. You will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address and credit card number. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our Site, and for marketing purposes. Also, if we encounter a problem when processing your order, we use the personal information to contact you.

Email Addresses: Several locations of our Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: sign up for our email newsletter/marketing emails, to submit a product review, to post comments in our forums, to register for a free giveaway or other promotional offer and to request notifications of new product offerings. Your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. We may also post on our Site and social forums the names of contest winners.

Cookies and Other Technology: Like many sites, our Site employs cookies, JavaScript tags and Web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or "action tags") to speed your navigation of our Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your usage of our Site.

i. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of our Site.  We use both persistent cookies and third-party cookies. We use persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. The persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Third-party cookies are only used for short-term tracking. You can remove the cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don't have to enter it more than once. Persistent and third-party cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some areas of our Site, such as a shopping cart, will be limited and may not function properly.

OUR SITE'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not "spyware".

ii. Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a Web page on our Site has been viewed, and if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on our Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a Web beacon.

iii. We may use third-party advertising companies to help us tailor our Site's content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and Web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which Web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and Web beacons is not linked to you directly.

As an example, Facebook collects certain information via cookies and Web beacons to determine which Web pages are visited or what products are purchased. Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and Web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us.

Log Files: As is true of most Web sites, our Site's servers automatically recognize the Internet URL from which you access our Site, as well as the site that you came from. We may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address, Internet service provider, browser type, operating system and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address indicates your Internet service provider.)

Age: We respect children's privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. By creating an account on our Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or are using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you.

Product Reviews: You may choose to submit a product review. If you post a review, you have the option to enter your name and email address. If you submit a review, your name or alias will be visible to other users, but your email address will be kept private. Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to our Site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information. Your review or comment might be altered or deleted at our sole discretion if inappropriate words or terms have been used. You may withdraw your review at any time by contacting our Customer Service department. Contact information for Customer Service can be found on the Contact Us page of our Site.

External Reviews: We use a series of external review services such as Bizrate.com to permit shoppers to rate their experiences while visiting and shopping at our Sites. After placing an order at our Site, you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience. This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from our Site, whether or not you choose to provide feedback. Your feedback is collected by the external service, not us, and is governed by its privacy policies. Contact the respective review service to view its privacy polices (for example, Bizrate's privacy policy is available at http://shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html).

Information Use and Disclosure

Internal Use: We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve our Site's content and layout, to improve our outreach and for marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to our Site.

Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our Site and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance). Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to receive our email newsletter, to receive, to register for a free giveaway or other promotional offer, and to request notifications of new product offerings. If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section below for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders. We might also send you marketing material by means of standard mail, such as offers, promotions, postcards or catalogs (see the opt out section below for removal options).

External Use: i. As do most catalog and Internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as the U.S. Postal Service, United Parcel Service and Federal Express) to ship products, to ensure delivery and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information, such as your name and shipping address.

ii. Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations, such as credit card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in the Data Security section).

iii. We may be required to disclose information in response to: requests from law-enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; court orders; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.

iv. We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular Web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user. 

v. Business Transfer. Your personal information may be disclosed as part of any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the Company.

vi. This Site and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on someone's past visits to the Site. This Site will not facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless robust notice of, and the user's prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.

Data Security

Our Site incorporates physical, electronic and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") for all financial transactions through our Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. When you visit our Site, you access servers, electronic firewalls and other systems that are kept in a locked secure physical environment, with camera surveillance. While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. Complete 100% security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline. 

Creating an Account Opt In/Opt Out/Updates

We use email addresses and mailing addresses to send out newsletters, promotional offers and other forms of marketing materials announcing new products, sales or other information we feel would be of interest to you as a user of the Site.  Upon creating an account or placing an order on our Site you will be included in our email marketing list and you may then, upon your request, choose to not receive these messages by opting out of delivery. You can make these requests using the Contact Us or My Account area of our Site or by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our email communications and selecting the preferred frequency of emails and/or stop marketing emails all together.  This will not remove you from receiving transactional emails needed to communicate with you about your specific order, account status or shipment details.

If you have opted out of our email marketing list and would like to reactivate your email to this marketing list, enter your email again on our homepage and you will be added back to the marketing list or call us for assistance. Contact our Support Department using the information listed on the Contact Us page of our website to make this type of request. Personal identification information will be required.

Offline Collection, Use & Disclosure of Information

As you might expect, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through our Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. We also collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information. One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place an order or to answer questions. When we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption. (See the Data Security section above for more information). Another example involves faxes. If you fax something to us, we will act upon the fax and then either store it in a locked repository or shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information. There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, a letter including some return address information), and this Policy doesn't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. We will try to treat offline collection, uses and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices.

Update to this Policy

We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check our Privacy Policy each time you visit our website for any updates or changes. Your use of our website constitutes your consent to this Privacy Policy, including any changes or updates.
