> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pbslearningmedia.org privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121124133903id_/http%3A//www.pbslearningmedia.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : PBS LearningMedia

This service is provided by WGBH Educational Foundation (“WGBH”) and the Public Broadcasting Service (“PBS”) and provides educational resources for teachers and their students, for use in educational settings such as schools or libraries, or for educational use by teachers and students from their homes.

The privacy policy set forth here refers solely to the website located at <http://www.pbslearningmedia.org/> (the "Site"). The policy pertains to how WGBH, PBS and our affiliates (defined as distribution partners that provide access to the Site such as your local public broadcasting station or a regional or national educational content portal (collectively, "PBS LearningMedia", "we", "our", or "us")) gather and use information you provide to us while using this Site. This policy does not pertain to information you provide to us off-line. Please read it carefully, and if you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us at [LearningMediaContact@pbs.org](mailto:LearningMediaContact@pbs.org "Contact PBS LearningMedia").

As the Site develops, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our practices, and the features of the Site. Such changes will be effective immediately upon posting. As a result, you should periodically review the Privacy Policy so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. By continuing to use the Site, you signify your agreement to the changes to the Privacy Policy. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of the Site or sending you an e-mail.

## Gathering and Use of Information 

We collect two types of information from visitors to the Site: (A) Personally Identifiable Information, which is information that can be used to identify or contact an individual and includes, but is not limited to, name, organizational affiliation, and e-mail address and (B) Non-personally Identifiable Information which tracks your use of and allows for better use of the Site (such as IP Addresses and cookies).

A free registration process is required to access the basic services on the Site. You must supply certain personally identifiable information when you register for the Site in order to gain access to any Site resources or tools. In addition, the information you provide may be used to direct users to Site resources specific to a grade band and content area and to relevant state curriculum standards.

Personally identifiable information also may be requested in connection with community postings (e.g., forums), or when submitting comments and suggestions. If you choose to engage in public activities on the Site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and public areas.

We may use the information you provide us for internal, promotional, and fundraising purposes. In addition, you may choose to receive e-mail alerts from PBS LearningMedia (which includes e-mail from and about our affiliates). You can select this option when you register, or change it in your preferences on the Site. From time to time, we (which includes WGBH, PBS, and our affiliates) may provide you with information and offers about other educational products and services offered by us and/or our content producers (e.g., NOVA). If you choose not to receive these messages in the future, you can select this option when you register, or change it in your preferences on the Site, or you can follow the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail.

In certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf. We may share your personally identifiable information with these companies that provide services to us, including companies that assist with business analytics, data processing, account management and other services. These service providers maintain customer databases with e-mail addresses of Site visitors who have provided them to us by registering at our Site, or signing up for e-mail alerts. We (which includes our service providers) will use these addresses to respond to the general purposes for which we collected the information, to provide services, and to operate the Sites, including to respond to inquiries and for e-mail distribution, list processing and analysis, and promotions management. Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf. They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control, and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example sending you a newsletter. They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose. We will not share your email address with any other unaffiliated organization.

We, or our service providers, may release personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency, or such release is necessary to protect anyone's rights, property or safety.

Please understand that if you choose to not receive promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, and communications with us. Also, a request to have us stop sharing your personally identifiable information with others for marketing purposes will only apply as of a commercially reasonably time from the date of your request, and we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from others that received your personally identifiable information prior to such request. In these cases, please contact that organization directly.

## Community Postings

In the future, forums and other opportunities to share information may become available. Please be aware that information you convey in these areas becomes public information. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while participating in these areas. We have no responsibility to publish, take down, remove, or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your activities in these areas.

## Use of Cookies

**Aggregated Data.** In order to evaluate use of the Site, we will record traffic records to determine information such as which pages are most popular, which browsers are most used, how long users spend on the Site, and which sites they have come from. This helps us understand our audience, but is not matched in any way to personal data that we may also receive.

**Cookies.** We use a small software file called a cookie to keep track of your activity on the site, profile preferences and to provide you with a customized user experience. These cookies are required to use the Site. The user's cookie file lives on the user's machine, and can be deleted at any time by the user.

## External Links 

You will find links from the Site to selected sites with content of interest to our users. These external links may be operated by third parties who independently produce, maintain, and monitor these sites. We do not control the content of these sites. When you link to such third party sites, you become subject to their terms of use and privacy policies rather than ours. You should review the privacy policies of these third party sites for their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information as their policies may differ from ours. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of third party sites.

## Acceptance of this Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions 

By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
