> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lnt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212113905id_/http%3A//www.lnt.com/helpdesk/index.jsp%3Fdisplay%3Dsafety%26subdisplay%3Dprivacy%26clickid%3Dbotnav3_privacy_txt) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Linens 'n Things Helpdesk

_Updated February 2004_

GSI Commerce Solutions, Inc. ("GSI") operates this Web site, www.lnt.com, pursuant to agreements with Linens 'N Things ("LNT"). Both GSI and LNT ("we" or "us") recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our information collection, use and sharing practices for this Web site.

Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered through this Web site and, where applicable, through our Customer Service Department in connection with this Web site, and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other Web sites that we operate or through other off-line means.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact our Customer Service Department by email at privacyconcerns@lnt.com.

  
_What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?_

We collect and store information that you enter into this Web site or that you provide to our Customer Service Department. For example, when you open an account or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. This information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. This information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new site features, unless (except with respect to gift registry services) you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this Web site. Gift registry participants can opt not to receive promotional communications only by discontinuing their participation in the gift registry services.

We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with this Web site. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit this Web site. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve this Web site and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience.

Also, like many Web sites, we use "cookies", which are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. Cookies help us to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this Web site without checking out. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better shopping experience on this Web site.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).

We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.

_Is Information Collected From Children?_  
We do not sell or ship any items ordered through this Web site directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18, nor do we collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should use this Web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us. _With Whom Do You Share Information?_  
We do not share with others any personal information that you provide to us through this Web site or through our Customer Service Department, except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy.

We engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, Web site evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. We provide personal information to these third parties, but we authorize them to use this information only in connection with the services they perform.

We also may offer you the opportunity to purchase products and services provided by third parties, such as magazine subscriptions and extended warranty plans. If you purchase any of these products or services, we will provide your personal information to the third parties that provide them, but we authorize these third parties to use this information only in connection with the products and services they provide.

We may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GSI or LNT, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.

We may share non-personal information with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this Web site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this Web site. This information generally is shared in an aggregated form.

 _What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure?_  
We use various security measures, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, to protect personal information that we collect. If you place an order through this Web site, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password. You must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information. In order to help protect your personal information further, you should be careful about providing your password to others. If you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a password, please contact our Customer Service Department by email at customersupport@lnt.com or by phone at 866-568-7378. _How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?_  
You can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on "Manage Your Account" within the Help Desk area of this Web site. If you are a gift registry participant, you can update your gift registry account information by logging into your existing gift registry account. _Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want To Receive Promotional Communications?_  
There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. When you set up an account, or click on "Manage Your Account" within the Help Desk area, or place an order, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard. You also will have an opportunity to change these selections by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. Gift registry participants can opt not to receive promotional communications only by discontinuing their participation in the gift registry services. _What Happens When I Link To or From Another Web Site?_  
This Web site may contain links to Web sites operated by third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other Web sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this Web site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that you visit.

If you have accessed this Web site through a link from certain of our advertising or marketing partners, this Web site may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. Nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed Web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this Privacy Policy.

 _What About Contests and Sweepstakes?_  
When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to this Web site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed. _How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?_  
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this Web site notifying users of the changes. In some cases, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Web site periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred. 
