> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the coderpad.io privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606183316id_/https%3A//coderpad.io/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CoderPad

Effective Date: May 18th, 2017

This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how CoderPad, Inc. (“CoderPad”) may collect and use the personal information you provide when using the Service. “Service” includes the website https://coderpad.io (the “Website”) and its subdomains and any related content, software, applications, materials and/or services made available by CoderPad through the Website.

**BY USING THE SERVICE YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ IT.**

## 1\. Information We Collect From You and How We Use It

### General

In general, you may visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. You may provide certain personal information if you register an account or to use the interviewing service or if you send email or other information to us as described below. Like many websites, we also collect information automatically that may be connected to you from the servers used to support the Service as described below.

### Registering an Account and Other Functions

To use the interviewing features and certain other features of the Service, you will need to register an account and provide certain personal information, such as your name and email address.

### Information You Provide Through Interviews

If you elect to use the interviewing functions of the Service, you are solely responsible for the information that that you choose to provide during such interviews. Any information shared during an interview (either by an interviewer or interviewee as applicable) is not confidential. Accordingly, please be aware that while we take your privacy seriously, we cannot guarantee that your interviewer or interviewee will not share information that you disclose during an interview to other persons.

We may use any information we collect about you or about your use of the Service in connection with the operation of our business as well as to improve the Service or otherwise in connection with our management of the Service. We may also use information we collect about you for the following purposes:

  * Security and protection of personnel, assets, and resources;
  * Regulatory compliance and monitoring; and
  * Compliance with legal requirements or to defend or pursue legal claims.



If you register an account, we may contact you via the information you provide us to inform you of system downtime, performance enhancements and other reasonably related information relating to the Service.

If you register an account or join one of our mailing lists, we may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about functionality changes to the Website, new products or services we provide, and offers we think will be of interest to you, subject to the opt-out option in Section 10 below.

Our server logs capture information regarding your operating system, browser software, IP (Internet Protocol) address, information about the device you use to access the Service, and the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Website, including date and time. We may use this information to improve the performance of our servers and to administer the Service.

### Cookies and Third Party Service Providers

Like many services, we use application logs, “cookies” and other tracking technologies for the purposes described above as well as to enhance the functionality of the Service.

Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that can be downloaded to your device when you visit a website. The cookies we use are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Although you can disable cookies on your device by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser, doing so may limit your ability to use certain functions of the Service.

We may also use web analytics services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics, or Adroll.

Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“ **Google** ”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users interact with the Service. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to, and stored by, Google on their servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Adroll is an advertising platform that integrates with other advertising networks like Facebook. We may choose to use your visitation of the Website as a signal to show you futher marketing information from CoderPad at a later point in time. Adroll facilitates this advertising, using a cookie set by their platform.

We may transfer information we have about you in connection with a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization or other sale or transfer or some or all of CoderPad’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which information held by CoderPad about or Service users is among the assets transferred. We also reserve the right to disclose personal information to regulatory authorities, law enforcement agencies or as required by applicable law.

## 2\. Links

Links to websites that are not operated by or for CoderPad (“ **Third Party Sites** ”) are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave our Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Third Party Sites. We have not reviewed the Third Party sites and do not control and are not responsible for any of their content or their privacy policies, if any. We do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the Third Party sites listed on our web site, you should understand that you do so at your own risk.

## 3\. Transfer of Information Across National Borders

This Website is operated on servers in the United States. Where permitted by law and if required by applicable law, you expressly consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection and processing of such personal information in the United States and other countries or territories where we or our vendors operate. In giving this consent, you acknowledge your understanding that the laws on holding, processing, using and transferring personal information in the United States may vary and be less protective of your privacy than laws of your state or country.

## 4\. Children’s Privacy

We are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we receive personal information that we discover was provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly destroy such information. Schools and parents should supervise their children’s online activities and consider the use of other means to provide a child-friendly, online environment. Additional information is available on the Direct Marketing Association’s home page at [http://www.the-dma.org](http://www.the-dma.org/). If you would like to learn more about COPPA, visit the Federal Trade Commission home page at [http://www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/).

## 5\. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California law permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at support@coderpad.io.

## 6\. “Do not track” or “DNT” technology

The Service does not follow the direction of “do not track” or “DNT” settings that are available in some browsers.

## 7\. Security

The Service is not designed to store sensitive personal information such as financial, health or educational records and you should not use the Service for that purpose. We believe the Service uses measures that are commercially reasonable to secure your personal information, but we cannot and do not assure that these measures will be sufficient to protect against all efforts to gain unauthorized access to the information.

## 8\. Agreement, Changes

To the extent permitted by applicable law, by using this Service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described above. If we decide to update our Privacy Policy, we will post any material changes at the top of this Privacy Policy. If there are material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Any information collected under our old Privacy Policy will be subject to the terms of our new Privacy Policy.

To request access to personal data relating to you which is processed by CoderPad, and/or if you have any questions about the handling of personal information, please send an email to support@coderpad.io.

## 10\. Choices You Have About Our Use of Your Information

If you are a registered user, you may access and update your registration information and your preferences to receive email or other communications from us through the Service or by sending us an email at support@coderpad.io. We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request. Where appropriate, you may have your personal information erased, rectified, amended, or completed. In order to contact us regarding your information, you may send us an email at to support@coderpad.io.
