> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 22social.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609083556id_/http%3A//22social.com/site/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 22Social Privacy Policy - 22Social | 22Social

Your privacy is very important to us. We want to make your experience with 22Social Inc. is as enjoyable and rewarding as possible, and we want you to use our service with complete confidence. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new policy on this website. Review our Privacy Policy regularly so that you can stay informed of our practices, as they may change in the future. By visiting our site or sending us information, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Your assent to these practices is essential for us to continue operating this website, including the variety of information and services it contains. When submitting any information on our website **you are asked to expressly authorize** us to use your personal information as explained in this Privacy Policy, and you consent to receiving commercial email from 22Social Inc. **You will have the option** to receive newsletters, promotions, and other similar content. Should you wish to discontinue receiving these e-mailings and/or text messages simply unsubscribe by using one of the opt-out procedures. **If you wish to opt-out from any of our services, newsletters, or promotional offerings you can: 1) click the “unsubscribe” link in any email.** The personal information we collect includes your name, age, gender, date of birth, phone number, address, facebook user id, and e-mail address. Other personal information that you submit is clearly labeled at the time you submit it. We also automatically collect certain information from visitors to, the site, such as Internet addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit page, operating system, timestamps, and clickstream data. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our site so that we can constantly improve it. Anything you send us, post on our site, or use with our service, such as blog postings or videos, or if others send us anything about your activities or postings, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We use this information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our customer agreements. We take measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information by carefully limiting access to the database in which your personal information is stored. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of wrongful conduct. We will not, however, sell or transfer your personal information to third parties for commercial purposes. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly distribute such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from someone under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Contact us at the address below if you want us to change or delete any information that we have about you. We will respond to your request to access, update, or delete your information within ten (10) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity. This website is owned and operated, or operated under agreement, by: 22Social Inc. 406 9th Ave. Suite 302 San Diego, CA 92101 This privacy policy is effective as of August 22, 2012. 
