> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the donaldjdrumpf.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161129144832id_/http%3A//www.hbo.com/html/privacy-policy/index.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HBO.com: Corporate Information: Privacy Policy

## HBO Privacy Policy

Last updated: July 1, 2014. To see a summary of what has changed, [click here](https://web.archive.org/html/privacy-policy/summary-of-changes.html).

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using this online entertainment service. Access to and use of this online entertainment service (the "Service") is provided by Home Box Office, Inc. ("HBO," "Cinemax," "Us" or "We") subject to the following. This Privacy Policy also applies to, without limitation, online and mobile Web sites, services and applications, as well as all components, features and downloads that are owned or controlled by HBO, are available through the Service, that interact with the Service and display this Privacy Policy and which are collectively included in the definition of "Service.". References to "you" in this Privacy Policy shall also include any household member accounts established by you, if available. 

Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used in connection with the Service. This Privacy Policy applies to the Service, and covers information collected on or through or in connection with your use of the Service. 

HBO reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy or to change, modify or otherwise alter any feature of the Service, at any time in its sole discretion. Changes may be communicated to you by making the revised Privacy Policy available for your review. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy that materially modify our rights to use your previously-collected personally identifiable information, we will notify you to obtain your consent either through an email or a prominent posting on this Service. Your continued use of the Service after the revised version is made available constitutes your agreement to the revision.

In addition, please review the Service's [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/html/terms-of-use/index.html), which governs your use of the Service. BY USING OUR SERVICE, YOU CONSENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE AND OUR COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION AND DATA, AND OTHER ACTIVITIES, AS DESCRIBED BELOW.

1\. **The Information We Collect**

On certain portions of the Service, you are requested to provide personally identifiable information. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected on these pages may include, without limitation: e-mail address (mandatory for certain functions, such as to set Parental Controls, enter a sweepstakes or contest or establish a registered user account but otherwise optional for many promotional materials), and other information (e.g., name, mailing address, cell phone numbers, date of birth, subscriber registration information, screen name, credit card information, bank account information and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services) you voluntarily provide. Personally identifiable information may be collected when you: (a) create a Registered Account; (b) create Subaccounts linked to your Registered Account; (c) register for promotions or other features of the Service; (d) report any issues relating to the Service or your use of the Service; (e) provide feedback or post comments on the Service; (f) engage in other transactions on the Service, including the purchase of products; or (g) answer a survey or participate in research. HBO also may collect personally identifiable and other information from you in the course of investigating suspected violations of this Privacy Policy and HBO's Terms of Use. 

We also may collect certain other information when you access the Service, such as: the type of browser you are using; the type of operating system you are using; the IP address or other unique identifier such as a Device Identifier (defined below) of any of your computer(s) or device(s) that are used to access the Service; the name of your Internet service provider or mobile carrier; referring/exit pages; date/time stamp; clickstream data; web beacons; precise geolocation information and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services (collectively described as "Usage Information," described in greater detail in paragraph 2(e). below). If you log in via a social media platform, see Section 4 regarding additional information that may be collected. In addition, when you visit the Service our servers automatically collect information describing your use of the Service, including but not limited to content accessed by you, page/screen visits, length of time viewing a certain page or program, how the content is viewed, etc. 

We may on occasion combine your information we collect with additional records (including those of our vendors and affiliated companies) to enhance our ability to market to you those products, features, or services that may be of interest to you, to assist us in providing, personalizing and improving our Service and other offerings, and for research purposes. 

Some of the sites associated with our Service also allow you to invite your friends to participate in activities or allow you to share certain features with your friends. Inviting friends is optional, and in some instances may help you to earn incentives. To do so, you may provide their contact information or may enter your log-in credentials to import e-mail addresses from your address book from other sites or devices that support such functionality (e.g. Yahoo! and Gmail). Additionally, if your friends enter the Service via links you provide - such as on social media sites - you may receive incentives for such referrals. 

2\. **How We Use the Information**

(a) **To Enable and Improve Access to the Service.** We may use or share the information you provide about yourself with our vendors, affiliates, partners and distributors to verify your eligibility to access the Service, fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to customize your use of the Service based on your viewing patterns and areas of interest, verify the status of your Registered Account and/or Subaccounts, for research and analytics, and to provide you with information regarding changes or updates to the Service, newsletters, and special offers and promotions. 

The information we collect in connection with our online, mobile and video forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs and services. 

If you choose to submit content for publication, we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us on the Service, on the Internet, or elsewhere. We also may access content posted about our programs and services on various online platforms (such as Twitter hash tags) and post them on our site.

(b) **To Assist Third Parties Acting on Our Behalf.** We may use third party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us, such as hosting the site or application, fulfilling your orders of products and/or services, designing and/or operating the Service's features, tracking the Service's activities and analytics, and enabling HBO to send you special offers or performing other administrative services. We may provide these vendors with access to user information, including Device Identifiers and personally identifiable information, to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. We may use third party analytics service providers for purposes such as to evaluate and provide us with information about the Service and viewing of our content. These vendors may set and access their own Tracking Technologies (defined below) on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you. Please recognize that HBO and/or its vendors (such as mailing houses or customer service vendors) may store this information, and may share this information with third parties as necessary to process your transactions and provide access to the Service by you and your Subaccount holders. HBO may also use this information for internal review and analysis of the Service, the customer service process, and consumer comments. 

(c) **To Communicate With You.** We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to provide you with newsletters, promotional information about HBO and/or the Service, in connection with incentive programs, rewards and fan engagement activities, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings and provide customer service assistance, to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or to contact you about changes to the Service or other system requirements, your Registered Account or Subaccount with us, or any customer service requests submitted by you.

(d) **To Improve the Service.** We sometimes use the information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Service and to enable us to personalize your experience in using our Service. We also may use this information to analyze usage of the Service in the aggregate, to provide user ratings and other information to subscribers generally, to offer you products, programs, or services that we think you might enjoy, and to better assist with customer service. We may also share such information in the aggregate to enable partners, prospective partners, affiliates or third parties (such as Nielsen, movie studios, cable and satellite companies, etc.) to analyze usage of particular items of content, such as how often a particular film was streamed or how much of a particular film was watched. 

(e) **Cookies and Usage Information Collected as You Access and Use the Service.** In addition to any personally identifiable information or other information that you choose to submit to the Service, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service ("Usage Information"), which technologies may be downloaded to your Device (defined below) and may set or modify settings on your Device. This Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to our Service, all the areas within our Service that you visit and your activities there, your Device location, your Device characteristics and certain Device data, and the time of day, among other information. We also may collect precise geolocation from your Device if you provide us with consent. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including to assess, enhance or otherwise improve the Service or our activities in connection with it, for analytics or for marketing purposes. In addition, we may collect your IP address or other identifier ("Device Identifier") for your computer or other device used to access the Service (any, a "Device"). 

A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may access and use Device Identifiers that have already been associated with your device. 

We may use various new and hereafter developed technologies to collect Device Identifiers, Usage Information and Demographic Information about you ("Tracking Technologies"). A few of the methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed):

**_Cookies_.** A browser cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Service. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to and activities in connection with the Service. The Service also may use locally stored objects to provide certain content, such as video on demand, video clips, or animation. Adobe's Flash player and similar applications use this technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage similar to browser cookies. Most cookies may be disabled or removed or blocked using tools and settings on commercial browsers. However, some cookies, such as Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies, may not be disabled through your browser. For information on disabling Flash cookies, go to [Adobe's website](http://www.adobe.com/) at www.adobe.com. Please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies some parts of our Service may not work and that when you revisit our Service, your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.

**_Web Beacons_.** Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as: the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the web beacon, the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server, or whether an email has been opened. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. The Service may use web beacons for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Service, to monitor how users navigate the Service, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. 

(f) **Third Party Ad Servers.** As discussed in detail below in paragraph 5, on our sites or as part of our services, third party ad servers may present or serve advertisements, provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies. They may also collect information concerning your online activities over time and across different websites. The information they may collect includes the other sites you have visited or applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, and other information about you or your device in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Service and elsewhere. For more information about third party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third parties, please visit the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) (www.networkadvertising.org) and/or the [Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising](http://www.aboutads.info/choices) (www.aboutads.info/choices).

(g) **Additional Uses.** HBO may on occasion combine your information we collect with additional records (such as publicly available information, including on social media sites, and those of our vendors and affiliated companies) to enhance our ability to market to you those products, features, or services that may be of interest to you, for research purposes, and to assist us in providing, personalizing and improving our Service and other offerings.

HBO has not implemented a response to browser-based Do Not Track signals. Because of the current lack of consensus with respect to the Do Not Track standard from both a compliance perspective and a technical perspective, we have not yet determined how or if we would implement a response to Do Not Track signals; we will continue to evaluate in the event a uniform standard is adopted.

3\. **When We Share Your Information**

Information may be shared as set forth more particularly in Paragraph 2 of this Privacy Policy. In addition, there may be times when we share your information, including your personally identifiable information as follows: 

(a) **Administrative and Legal Reasons.** We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information to third parties in connection with fraud-scoring, detection, and prevention activities or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to protect our rights and the rights of others, and as otherwise required by law. 

(b) **Sale of Assets or Change of Control.** In the event of a sale of assets or change in ownership, we may transfer such information to a successor of HBO or any person or entity that acquires ownership or control of HBO or the Service via any means. 

(c) **For Affiliate Use.** As you know, HBO is a Time Warner company, and as such, has affiliate sibling companies. We may share your personally identifiable information with our affiliates to identify products and services that may be of interest to you, for research, analysis and to assist in the improvement of our Service or those of our affiliates, and in connection with promotions conducted by us, by our affiliates, or jointly. Below is a list of some of the Time Warner companies that are affiliated with HBO and with whom we may share information we collect at our sites. We may update this list from time-to-time with additional Time Warner companies, so please check back periodically to keep up-to-date. 

Time Warner Inc.  
Turner Broadcasting System Inc.  
Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.

(d) **Co-Branded Opportunities:** We sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit as a result of participation in such content or activities. We have no control over these parties' use of this information. We will notify you at the time your personally identifiable information is requested whether such information will be shared with these parties. 

4\. **Social Networks and Information Sharing**

You can also engage with our content and other offerings, such as videos, games and applications, on or through third-party social media sites, plug-ins and applications, (collectively Social Networks) such as those offered by Facebook, Twitter, and others. If you log onto Social Network sites from the Service, the Social Network's privacy policy governs your use of the Social Network.

In certain instances, you may have the ability to link your account with us to third party Social Networks. When you link your account or engage with our content on or through third party Social Networks, services, plug-ins, or applications, you allow us to have ongoing access to certain information from your Social Network account (e.g., name, e-mail address, profile photo, gender, birthday, location, your list of friends and their contact information, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the 'likes' you make). We may also receive other information (e.g., content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your Social Network interaction with our content.

**By sharing or posting content from the Service to a Social Network site, or by linking your Social Network account with your HBO account, you consent to HBO's collection and use of your Social Network information that you have made available to be shared.** HBO will collect information from your Social Network sites each time you share content from the Service to the Social Network, and may collect information from your postings for rewards or incentives. 

When you provide information to a Site from your Social Network account, it can help enable us to do things like (i) give you exclusive content, (ii) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Service, and (iii) contact you through the Social Networks or directly with the latest news, special offers, and rewards. By providing such information, you consent to the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

If you post information or content, such as by posting photos, commenting on a blog, or participating in online forums or communities at our Service, or when you interact with our Service through Social Networks, plug-ins or other applications, depending on your privacy settings this information may become public on the Internet. Therefore, we cannot prevent further use of this information. You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some Social Networks. For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how Social Networks handle your personally identifiable information, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy policies and terms of use.

5\. **Collection of Information by Third Parties**

The Service may contain links to other sites, including without limitation, the sites of our distributors, whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. As you use the Service, third parties may place cookies and collect personally identifiable information concerning your online activities over time and across different websites.

6\. **Storage and Security**

We and/or our agents and contractors (such as mailing houses, customer service vendors or cloud services) may store your information. When we store your information, we do so for as long as we have a legitimate business reason to do so or for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations or enforce our legal rights.

We take information security seriously and use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.For example, HBO and its agents secure any financial information, including credit card numbers, with encryption technologies. We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your personally identifiable information.

Of course, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless data transmission, or data storage is 100% secure, and any message or information you send to the Service may be read or intercepted by others. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

7\. **How You can Access or Correct Information, or Opt Out**

You can access much of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to the Service online, or correct factual errors in such information, at the Settings section of the Service. 

To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to any personally identifiable or billing information. 

If at any time you wish to stop receiving promotional materials related to the Service, we will provide an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each promotional e-mail you receive. You can also go to the subscription overlay in your dashboard to opt out of newsletters and other promotional e-mails. Please keep in mind that opting out of promotional e-mails will not prevent you from receiving transactional e-mail correspondence related to, without limitation: the Service, your Registered Account and/or any Subaccounts. 

If you no longer wish to have any information collected by any mobile application included in the Service, you may uninstall the application by using the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

In some instances, certain information or services can be provided to you only if personally identifiable information is provided. If you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or information.

8\. **Collection of Information from Children**

HBO does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information submitted to the Service directly from individuals under the age of 13. Except in the case of Subaccounts, we will delete information associated with a user if we obtain actual knowledge that the user is not at least 13 years old. 

As noted in the Terms of Use, a Registered Accountholder may establish a Subaccount, if available, on behalf of a minor child for whom such Registered Accountholder is a parent or legal guardian. In such case, we require the Registered Accountholder to provide the information requested for establishing a Subaccount and to agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy on behalf of such minor child. 

If you are a parent or legal guardian who has discovered that your child has registered for or accessed the Service without your consent, you can ask us to remove any unauthorized information provided by your child by contacting us at [contacthbo@hbo.com](mailto:contacthbo@hbo.com) or [contactmax@hbo.com](mailto:contactmax@hbo.com) or your television provider. Upon valid notice from you, HBO will make reasonable efforts to investigate and remove the information. Please be sure to provide customer service with the Username, Password and e-mail address submitted by your child. Please review the Terms of Use for information regarding how to cancel such subscription. 

9\. **How to Contact Us**

If you have any questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy for the Service or its implementation you may contact us at [contacthbo@hbo.com](mailto:contacthbo@hbo.com) or [contactmax@hbo.com](mailto:contactmax@hbo.com). 

10\. **California -- Your California Privacy Rights**

Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by HBO pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via the email address stated above. Please allow 30 days for a response.

11\. **Dispute Resolution**

The resolution of any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the Service or your use of the Service, including this Privacy Policy, will be governed by the Arbitration Agreement in Section 22 of HBO's Terms of Use.

12\. **International Notice**

The registration features of these Services are intended for US residents. Although many of our sites can be viewed internationally, many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States. Therefore, please note that all personally identifiable information will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. 

Effective Date: July 1, 2014
