> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the donanza.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209081620id_/http%3A//www.donanza.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | DoNanza

DoNanza (“donanza.com” or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. This Privacy Policy describes DoNanza's website's privacy practices. The DoNanza website is owned, maintained and operated by CrowdIT Ltd., a private company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel. Reference herein to DoNanza referrers to CrowdIT as well.

This Privacy Policy covers the information practices of the webs that link to this Privacy Policy: [http://www.donanza.com](https://web.archive.org/); [http://donanza.me](http://donanza.me/) (collectively referred to as “donanza.com’s Websites” or “the Company’s Websites”).

DoNanza, [http://www.donanza.com](https://web.archive.org/), is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications ("BizApps") that run on the Company’s Website platform. The BizApps Applications may be posted by DoNanza and/or by third parties.

When BizApps applications are provided by DoNanza, this Privacy Policy applies. When BizApps applications are provided by third parties (even if such BizApps are linked to from the DoNanza Website), the privacy policy of such third parties shall govern the use of such BizApps, and not this Privacy Policy.

The Company's Websites may contain links to other websites over which DoNanza has no control (the "External Websites"). The links to such External Websites as provided by DoNanza without taking any responsibility to the content or security of such External Websites. You acknowledge that DoNanza is providing these links to you for your convenience, and that Donanza is not and under no circumstances shall be responsible for the information practices or the content of such External Websites. The Company encourages you to review the Privacy Policies of such other websites to understand their information protection and use practices.

By using or accessing the Company's Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact DoNanza's support staff at [contact@donanza.com](mailto:contact@donanza.com).

DoNanza offers a variety of applications and services that are collectively referred to as the “Services.” DoNanza collects information from individuals who visit the Company’s Websites (the “Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Services (the “Customers”).

When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, DoNanza requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (the “Required Contact Information”). A blogger or site owner whishing to install DoNanza Project Box on his/hers site, will be required to provide his/hers blog/site URL, as well.

When purchasing the Services, DoNanza requires you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (the “Billing Information”). DoNanza may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry (the “Optional Information”). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information are referred to collectively as “Data About donanza.com Customers.”

As you navigate the Company’s Websites, DoNanza may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons (the “Web Site Navigational Information”). Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Websites (such as the web pages viewed and the links clicked). For additional information about the collection of Web Site Navigational Information by DoNanza and others, please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/faqs.asp).

You may have the option to sign in to your DoNanza account by using third party social networking websites such as facebook and twitter (the "Social Networks"). If you choose to sign in through a Social Network, we may use the information you already provided to such Social Network in registering for an account of such Social Network and which you have allowed such Social Networks to share with DoNanza, including without limited to you first name, your user profile picture, your friends and contacts list, the networks to which you belong (the "Social Submitted Information"). You expressly authorize us to collect and use your Social Submitted Information in connection with your use of the DoNanza Services. You further acknowledge and agree that DoNanza may maintain copies of your Social Submitted Information indefinitely, or delete any or all Social Submitted Information, at our sole discretion.

You may upload any content on the Company's Website at your own risk. DoNanza cannot control the actions of other Customers with whom you may choose to share your pages and content (the “Content”). Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that Content uploaded by you will not be viewed, changed or even harmed by unauthorized persons. DoNanza is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Company's Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of Content posted on the Company's Website may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Customers or Visitors have copied or stored your Content.

The Company uses Data About donanza.com Customers to perform the Services requested. For example, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form, the Company will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Services.

The Company may also use Data About donanza.com Customers and/or Content you upload and/or Social Submitted Information for marketing purposes. For example, the Company may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in the Services and to send you information regarding the Company and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.

DoNanza uses credit card information solely to check the financial qualifications of prospective Customers and to collect payment for the Services.

DoNanza uses Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve the Company’s Websites. DoNanza may also use Web Site Navigational Information alone or in combination with Data About donanza.com Customers to provide personalized information about the Company. For additional information about the use of Web Site Navigational Information, please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/faqs.asp).

DoNanza uses commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Websites. This section describes the types of Web Site Navigational Information that may be collected on the Company’s Websites and how this information may be used.

Donanza.com uses cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Websites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of the Company’s Websites, donanza.com’s servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you. They merely recognize your web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to donanza.com, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a web form (such as a “Contact Me” or a “30 Day Free Trial” web form), you remain anonymous to the Company.

Donanza.com uses cookies that are session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.

If you have chosen to identify yourself to donanza.com, the Company uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the Company to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into the Services, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser. These session cookies allow the Company to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the Services and to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies are required in order to use the Services.

Donanza.com uses persistent cookies that only the Company can read and use to identify browsers that have previously visited the Company’s Websites. When you purchase the Services or provide the Company with personal information, a unique identifier is assigned you. This unique identifier is associated with a persistent cookie that the Company places on your web browser. The Company is especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. For example, the Company does not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies. If you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Company’s Websites, but you will not be able to successfully use the Services.

Donanza.com may use information from session and persistent cookies in combination with Data About donanza.com Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Services.

Donanza.com uses web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Websites and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. For example, donanza.com may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Websites. Donanza.com uses web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Websites and email communications.

Donanza.com may use information from Web beacons in combination with Data About donanza.com Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Services.

Donanza.com uses local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third parties, with whom the Company partners to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information.

Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies [click here.](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118)

When you visit DoNanza’s Websites, the Company collects your IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, donanza.com uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Websites.

Donanza.com also collects IP addresses from Customers whey they log into the Services as part of the Company’s “Identity Confirmation” and “IP Range Restrictions” security features.

From time-to-time, donanza.com engages third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Company’s Websites. Donanza.com may also use other third-party cookies to track the performance of Company advertisements. DoNanza does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by third party advertisers. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it.

Donanza.com also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other Web Site Navigational Information on the Company’s Websites and emails and on third-party websites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Web Site Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other websites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt-out instructions, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

Donanza.com may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Websites. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. Donanza.com is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.

Customers and Visitors may elect to use the Company’s referral program to inform friends about the Company’s Websites. When using the referral program, the Company requests the friend’s name and email address. Donanza.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Company’s Websites. Donanza.com does not store this information.

Donanza.com posts a list of Customers and testimonials on the Company’s Websites that contain information such as Customer names and titles. Donanza.com obtains the consent of each Customer prior to posting any information on such a list or posting testimonials.

Donanza.com may share Data About donanza.com Customers and/or Content you upload and/or Social Submitted Information with the Company’s service providers so that these service providers can contact Customers and Visitors who have provided contact information on our behalf. Donanza.com may also share Data About donanza.com Customers and/or Content you upload and/or Social Submitted Information with the Company’s service providers to ensure the quality of information provided. Unless described in this Privacy Policy, donanza.com does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information provided with third parties for their promotional purposes.

From time to time, donanza.com may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from donanza.com, the Company may share Data About donanza.com Customers and/or Content you upload and/or Social Submitted Information, collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). Donanza.com does not control our business partners’ use of the Data About donanza.com Customers and/or Content you upload and/or Social Submitted Information, we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. DoNanza shall not be liable for any use of the Data About donanza.com Customers and/or Content you upload and/or Social Submitted Information by any business partner in a manner that infringes your rights according to its privacy policy. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.

Donanza.com uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on the Company’s behalf.

Donanza.com reserves the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if the Company reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the Company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process Additionally, the Company may share account or other information when DoNanza believes it is necessary to comply with law, to protect its interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Company's Websites or using the DoNanza's name, or to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or governmental agencies as required.

In any case in which the ownership of DoNanza's business shall change, your user information may be transferred to the new owner.

We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [Here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.

To facilitate donanza.com’s global operations, the Company may transfer and access Data About donanza.com Customers from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Policy shall apply even if donanza.com transfers Data About donanza.com Customers to other countries.

Donanza.com offers Customers and Visitors who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking [here](https://web.archive.org/my) or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the Company’s marketing emails. Additionally, you may send a request specifying your communications preferences to [contact@donanza.com](mailto:contact@donanza.com). Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with donanza.com or the Services.

Customers may update or change their registration information by editing their user or organization record. To update a user profile, please login to [http://www.donanza.com](https://web.archive.org/) with your donanza.com username and password and click “Setup.” To update an organization’s information, please login to [http://www.donanza.com](https://web.archive.org/) with your donanza.com username and password and select “Organization Setup.” To update Billing Information or have your registration information deleted, please email [contact@donanza.com](mailto:contact@donanza.com). To discontinue your account and to have information you maintained in the Services returned to you, please email [contact@donanza.com](mailto:contact@donanza.com). Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 30 days.

Donanza.com Customers may electronically submit data or information to the Services for hosting and processing purposes (the “Customer Data”). Donanza.com will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the donanza.com Terms of Service [http://donanza.com/terms](https://web.archive.org/terms) , or as may be required by law. In accordance with the donanza.com the Terms of Service [http://donanza.com/terms](https://web.archive.org/terms) , donanza.com may access Customer Data only for the purpose of providing the Services, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, at a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters, or as may be required by law. 

Donanza.com uses robust security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of Customer Data. When the Services are accessed using Internet Explorer version 6.0 or later, Firefox version 2.0 or later, or Safari version 3.0 or later, Secure Socket Layer (.SSL.) technology protects Customer Data using both server authentication and data encryption. These technologies help ensure that Customer Data is safe, secure, and only available to the Customer to whom the information belongs and those to whom the Customer has granted access. Donanza.com also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and the Company hosts its websites in a secure server environment that uses firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Donanza.com also offers enhanced security features within the Services that permit Customers to configure security settings to the level they deem necessary. Customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their donanza.com usernames and passwords.

Because the Company uses the Services to maintain Data About donanza.com Customers, this information is secured in the same manner as described above for Customer Data.

Donanza.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy. Donanza.com will provide notification of the material changes to this Privacy Policy through the Company’s Websites at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Company’s Websites should be directed to donanza.com Privacy [here](https://web.archive.org/privacy) \- or by emailing [contact@donanza.com](mailto:contact@donanza.com). You may also contact us by mail at: 3 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel-Aviv, Israel.

**Effective Date: May 23, 2012**
