> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the donuts.co privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180130000818id_/https%3A//donuts.domains/about/policies/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Donuts Inc. (“Donuts”, “us” or “we”) recognizes that visitors and users to this website (the “Website”) value their privacy.  This Website Privacy Policy details important information regarding the use and disclosure of information about our users collected on the Website.  This Website Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Website Terms of Use [[www.donuts.domains/website-terms-of-use/](http://donuts.domains/about/policies/privacy-policy/website-terms-of-use/)].  Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website remain subject to the terms of this Website Privacy Policy and the Website Terms of Use. Please note that any video, image, or other content posted at the direction of a user onto the Website becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Website Privacy Policy.

#### Information Donuts Collects

User Provided Information:  You may provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) to Donuts when choosing to participate in various activities on the Website.

Cookies Information:  When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.  Donuts may use session cookies.  A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.  You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  However, some features of the Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.  Please note that this information applies to the use of cookies by Donuts and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technology by any third parties.

Log File Information:  When you use the Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.

### The Ways Donuts Uses Information

If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Website, then we may use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Website, including, when applicable, sending you information. Any personal information or other content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc., if and when they become part of the Website) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others, including Donuts, without any additional permission. We may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial, marketing, or other messages without additional consent. We may use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, click stream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends. We may use cookies and log file information to: (a) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; and (b) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.

### When Donuts Discloses Information

We may provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to other businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing such information on our behalf.  We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with this Website Privacy Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other third party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent. We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website. We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. Donuts also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that Donuts believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our Website, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Donuts, our users or others.

### Your Choices

You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Website, in which case Donuts may not be able to provide certain services to you.

### Special Note to International Users

The Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States.  If you are accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Website Privacy Policy, and our Website Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.

### Changes and Updates to this Website Privacy Policy

This Website Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the date below.  Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes.  In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Website Privacy Policy in effect when we received the personal information you provided.  Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Website Privacy Policy and any future revisions. For revisions to this Website Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the personal information you have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information. If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

**Donuts Inc.**  Attn: Legal Department 10500 NE 8th Street, Suite 350 Bellevue, WA 98004 USA Legal@donuts.email
