> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wazzub.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608162051id_/http%3A//wazzub.perfectinter.net/index.php%3Fpage%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WAZZUB::Privacy

Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We will not sell, lease or exchange your personal data to third parties unless required by law or to protect your membership. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use your data. If you have any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy or its enforcement, please feel free to contact us. 

**WAZZ UB** is an online social community that connects people from all around the world and allows them to meet others. Members create their own profiles, and those profiles are then shown to other members of this site. We collect information our users submit to us such as their name and e-mail address to allow us to identify users and notify them of changes or updates to our service. We also collect personal information submitted by our users in filling out their profile on the service such as gender, location, age, etc. We collect this personal information when our users: sign up as a member; make changes to their member profile information; and send e-mail messages. Members may choose to provide additional information beyond their basic profile for their other profile sections. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables our members to better identify each other and more effectively connect and interact with their friends. 

Like many other web sites, **WAZZ UB** uses a standard technology called "cookies." Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive - not on our site. They can help make the Internet experience quicker and more convenient. Cookies allow our users to login without entering their ID and password each time they use **WAZZ UB**. Members who disable cookies will not be able to use **WAZZ UB**. 

email address and full name are displayed only when a user invites a friend via email to join the service, when a user requests to add another user to their friends list, and when we send notifications to a user related to their use of the service. Except when members invite friends, full names are not shared or displayed with people outside of their personal contacts. Email addresses of **WAZZ UB** members are never displayed to other users on the system. Users within a direct connection communicate on **WAZZ UB** with each other through the **WAZZ UB** service without disclosing their email addresses. 

If you use our "invite" feature to invite a friend to our service, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We'll automatically send the friend an email inviting them to join your personal group, as well as two reminder messages. **WAZZ UB** does not sell these email addresses or use them to transmit any communication other than the invitation and reminders to join your personal group. **WAZZ UB** stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this invitation and reminders, and for tracking the success of our "invite" functionality. 

The **WAZZ UB** site may contain links to other web sites. Please be aware that **WAZZ UB** is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites our users choose to visit. If our users provide any information directly to parties other than **WAZZ UB**, different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of the personal information disclosed. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your personal information to third parties. 

Please be aware that whenever members voluntarily disclose personal information online - e.g., message boards, file uploads, events, and classifieds - that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others. By posting personal information online in public forums, members may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. 
