> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smeet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231001552id_/http%3A//en.smeet.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | Smeet

#### §7. Privacy statement

(1) With the registration, the user shall agree to the provisions stated here for the use of his/her personal information by Smeet. The user can access the contents regarding the data privacy protection and the use of the data at Smeet at any time via this [link](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy) and can revoke his/her agreement at any point in time.

(2) Smeet shall collect users’ personal information in various manners in various areas of the service as well as the partner sites. This information is generated from the user’s data as well as by the use of the provided services. The user hereby agrees that his/her personal data is electronically stored by Smeet.

(3) Smeet shall collect, use and analyse information to enable the platform to function correctly and to offer the users a comprehensive service.

(4) In particular, Smeet shall be entitled, with the consent of the user, to communicate his/her pseudonym/nickname to other users to enable the personal exchange of messages between users. The pseudonyms do not disclose the identity (name, address, telephone number or email address) of an individual user provided that the user does not independently reveal his/her identity in the chosen pseudonyms or in his/her profile information. Furthermore, for friend list comparisons (e.g. with social networks, email providers, instant messengers or the like) conducted by the users, Smeet shall also be entitled to inform other persons about the information given by the users respectively to notify them of a request for contact.

(5) In specific areas of the service, Smeet shall be entitled, with the respective explicit consent of the user, to communicate the actual identities (name, address, email address, etc.) of the user to other users.

(6) Smeet shall be entitled to communicate collected data to mobile network operators, credit card providers, banks or another payment providers specified by the user as far as this is required for the billing of services against payment (also see §6 of the [GTC](https://web.archive.org/terms)).

(7) Furthermore, Smeet shall be particularly entitled to communicate or utilise users’ data, should this be required

  * for the legal protection and safety of the other users,
  * for the fulfilment of legal requirements,
  * for protecting or defending the rights of Smeet,
  * for the rectification of technical difficulties,
  * for the provision of its services / for the correct operation of the platform (even if third party providers, associated enterprises or co-operation partners / partner enterprises are used in this connection as e.g. Content Delivery Networks, Amazon Web Services, etc.), 
  * for the maintenance or upgrading of the Smeet services and
  * for the compliance with these GTC.



(8) User data/contents of data shall be permitted to be stored for a limited time period and evaluated for the protection of underage users against persons with paedophiliac tendencies as well as for the optimisation of technical sequences and a better error checking and correction.

(9) For advertising purposes, in particular advertisement placement, Smeet shall compile and evaluate anonymous statistics on user data. Certain user information shall be made available to third parties – that also includes advertisers – e.g. for demographical purposes.

(10) When logging in to Smeet, the login time as well as the user’s IP address shall be stored for the protection of Smeet and its users against misuse as well as for the protection against criminal acts.

(11) Smeet shall handle the user data in line with the regulations of the German Data Protection Act. The user can demand that his/her data no longer be used and/or that it be deleted. However, a complete deletion cannot take place until the registered user account has no longer been used for at least 2 months. In the interest of the user, this is to prevent that the deletion of the name is effected by an unauthorised person. All data shall be utilised subject to the German Teleservice Data Protection Act (in Germany: TDDSG) as well as the Telecommunications Data Protection Ordinance (in Germany: TDSV) for the compilation of statistics and trend recognition.

(12) Amongst other analytical tools, Smeet uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of the Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "Cookies", text files, which are stored on the user’s computer and which enable an analysis of the use of the website by the user. The information regarding the use of the Smeet websites generated by the Cookie (including your IP address) is transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the Smeet websites, to compile reports on the website activities for the website operator and to provide other services connected to the website and Internet use. If necessary, Google will also transmit this information to third parties provided that this is prescribed by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link the user’s IP address to other data of Google. The user can prevent the installation of the Cookies by means of a respective setting of his/her browser software; however in this case, Smeet points out that it is possible that not all functions of this website will operate to their full extent. By using this website, the user shall agree to the processing of the personal data collected by Google in the previously mentioned manner and for the previously mentioned purpose.

Last update: 02.08.10
