> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nyi.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525061836id_/http%3A//www.nyi.net/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Network and Company Policy

When you access this Web site, some information such as the site that referred you to the NYI Web site, your IP address, and your browser type may be automatically collected as part of the operation of this Web site. We use this information in aggregate to help tailor our web resources to fit the needs of our users. NYI has self-certified its adherence to the Safe Harbor principles on the [Safe Harbor Web site.](http://export.gov/safeharbor)

NYI does not share information with other companies other than its own associates, and does not sell its user information. Any personal information we collect may be used for such purposes as processing transactions, customer service, marketing, product and service development, dissemination of investor information, recruiting and facilitating subsequent use of this Web site. Unless you opt out of receiving promotional materials, we may from time to time notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you. We explicitly reserve the right to disclose any such personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public. 

_NYI reserves the right to change the terms of its privacy policy at any time. If we do change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this Web site. We encourage you to review this privacy policy each time you visit our Web site to make sure you understand our current policy on collecting and using information collected through our Web site. If you have any inquiries or complaints you may contact us at[info@nyi.net](mailto:info@nyi.net)   
_
