> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lotame.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110607073819id_/http%3A//www.lotame.com/privacy-center/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LOTAME » PRIVACY CENTER » PRIVACY POLICY

[HOME](http://www.lotame.com/ "Go to HOME.") » [Privacy Center](http://www.lotame.com/privacy-center/ "Go to Privacy Center.") » Privacy Policy

Last Updated: May 26, 2010 [Annotated Review of Policy Updates](http://www.lotame.com/uploads/privacyPolicy/Blackline%20Comparing%204-21-09%20Lotame%20Privacy%20Policy%20to%20Updated%205-26-10%20Privacy%20Policy.pdf) Effective Date: July 1, 2010

**Lotame and Consumers:** Our services are designed to provide consumers with relevant advertising and content at Web sites you visit. These marketing activities help to underwrite the cost of the content and services made available to you online.

As part of Lotame’s commitment to respect privacy concerns and implement industry-recognized standards, Lotame is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). Lotame complies with NAI’s Self-Regulatory Principles which are designed to inform consumers about data collection and advertising practices across multiple web sites and to provide consumers the ability to opt out.  For more information or to opt-out of behavioral advertising by Lotame or other NAI member companies, please visit the NAI web site at [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

**Data We Collect and Use:** To deliver our services, we collect, organize, and use data reflecting your interactions with a variety of Web sites.  The information we collect and use includes items such as the date and time you visited a Web site, your browser information, your IP address, your browsing behavior, and interests you express or imply at social networking sites or other Web sites you visit. We recognize your computer over time by setting a unique browser cookie which your browser relays to our servers when you visit Web sites that are affiliated with our partners or customers. We may also supplement the information we collect with additional non-personal information we obtain from other companies.  We analyze this non-personal information and organize it into anonymous user profiles, groups, and audiences, based on factors such as age, gender, geography, interests and online actions. We and our customers and partners then use these anonymous user profiles, groups, and audiences to design and deliver targeted advertising campaigns or other relevant content.  We and our customers also use this data for other related purposes (for example, to do research regarding the results of our online advertising campaigns or to better understand the interests or activities of Web site visitors.) The behavioral categories we use to tailor the ads you may see or for related purposes do not use personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, birth date or social security number.  Our technology and services are designed to limit our use of consumer data to anonymous, non-personal information.

**Opting Out or Customizing Your Experience:** We provide you with the ability to opt-out of our use of information about your previous browsing to tailor the ads you see. You can opt-out by [clicking](http://www.lotame.com/preferences.html) here and following the instructions provided. Note that after choosing to opt-out, if you use a different computer or a different browser, or if you delete or block browser cookies, you may need to repeat the opt-out steps.  Most Web browsers also enable you to block browser cookies.  You can refer to your web browser’s documentation to get more information on how to block or delete cookies directly through your browser settings.

In addition, we also provide you with the ability to view and edit some of the key information in the anonymous profile our systems associate with your browser. Through use of the Lotame Preferences Manager, you can both remove and add information in order to influence the ads Lotame displays to you. You can access Lotame’s Preferences Manager by [clicking here](http://www.lotame.com/preferences.html).

**Data Sharing:** When you visit a Web site that shares information about your activity with Lotame, we will use that information to tailor relevant ads to you at that and other Web sites you visit, or for research and analysis.  We may also share non-personal information with companies such as advertisers, agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to tailor the ads that you encounter.

There are other limited circumstances in which we may share data.  We may provide access to the non-personal information we collect to service providers who are assisting us with storage, analysis, or other services.  These service providers are subject to confidentiality restrictions, and are not authorized to utilize the information in any way other than to provide their services to us.  If our company is sold, assigned, transferred, merged, files for bankruptcy protection, or undergoes some other change to its corporate form, information may be transferred as part of that transaction or change.  In these instances, we will take steps to ensure that our data is maintained in accordance with this privacy policy.  In special cases, we may also be required to release information in order to comply with requests from law enforcement, government agencies, and similar entities, or to otherwise protect our clients and users.

**Data Retention:** We retain the anonymous user data we collect for up to nine (9) months from the date of its collection.

**Security:** Lotame has implemented security measures which are reasonably designed to protect the user data which Lotame collects from unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification.

**The Lotame.com Web Site:** Lotame collects non-personally identifiable usage data at www.lotame.com, which we use to improve our web site and services.&nbps; In response to requests for information, Lotame also collects voluntarily-supplied personal contact information.  We do not share, sell, rent or trade any contact or personally identifiable information with third parties (except with service providers in the manner described above).  If you would like to update, delete, or revise any personal information you submitted to us through lotame.com, please send your request to [privacy@lotame.com](mailto:privacy@lotame.com).

**Changes:** We reserve the right to revise this privacy policy at any time.  If we change the policy, we’ll notify you by posting the new policy here, changing the date at the top, and indicating on our homepage that the privacy policy has been updated.

**Contact Us:** To contact us with any questions, comments, or suggestions, please email us at [privacy@lotame.com](mailto:privacy@lotame.com) or write to us at the address below.

Lotame Solutions, Inc. Suite 2000 8850 Stanford Blvd. Columbia, Maryland, 21045 
