> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lottoland.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630034326id_/https%3A//www.lottoland.co.uk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Lottoland UK

**The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let you know what kind of information we (Lottoland Ltd.) may gather about you, how we may use and process the information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information.**

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you are not in agreement with this Privacy Policy or have any doubts please do not register or use this Website. Terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as they do in the Terms and Conditions, if not defined differently. 

**Personal Data**

As a user of the Website you will be asked to provide us with personal data or personal information, such as your name, date of birth, address, email address, telephone number and payment details, for example during the registration process, the purchase process or when interacting with our Customer Service. We will use the data you provide to process your order. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations. 

We may validate your name, date of birth, address and other personal information supplied by you during the registration process. Your concerns will be considered in accordance with statutory provisions. By registering and opening your Player Account you accept the conditions of this Privacy Policy and you consent to such checks being made. 

To manage the administration of the services we provide and for processing your orders – to facilitate Players' bets, to process payments, to pay out Winnings properly, to protect you and us (including subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies) from fraud, to provide customer support – as well as for other purposes referred to in this Privacy Policy and the Lottoland Terms and Conditions, your personal data, all above name, date of birth, address, email address, telephone number, and payment details as well as other information or proof of identity, all above copies of your official identification documents, possibly required at a later date, will be collected, transferred, used, stored and processed by us. 

Any further transmission of this data will not take place, with exception of certain cases, where the transmission of the identity documents to companies, which are assigned to either validate your customer data or to the insurance of your Winnings, is necessary.

**Facebook Plugins**

This Website uses social plugins (“Plugins”) provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo (white letter “f” on blue background or a “thumbs up” icon) or the notice “Facebook Social Plugin”. For a full list of all social Plugins please see <http://developers.facebook.com/plugins>. When you visit a page on our Website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Thus, Facebook receives the information about you having accessed with your IP-address the respective page of our Website. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like” while you are logged into Facebook, you may link the contents of our Website to your Facebook account. Facebook can ascribe your visit to our Website to your Facebook account. Please note that we as the operator of the Website have no information on the scope of data collection and procession by Facebook. For further information please visit Facebook’s privacy policy: <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>. If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our Website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before visiting our Website.

**Google Analytics**

This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Using a method known as IP masking, website owners that use Google Analytics have the option to tell Google Analytics to shorten the IP-address inside of member states of the European Union or other member states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and to only use this portion of the IP address, rather than the entire IP address. Only in exceptional cases the full IP-address will be transmitted to a Google server located in the United States and shortened there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. In addition you may prevent Google from obtaining information generated by the cookie and related data about your use of the Website (including your IP-address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser-plugin available here: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

**Google +1**

Collection and transmission of information: With the Google +1 button you can publish information worldwide. Through the Google +1 button you and other users receive personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you have given a +1 for content as well as the information about the page you viewed when you clicked +1. Your +1-clicks may appear in combination with your profile name and your photo in Google services, such as search results or your Google profile. Google records information about your +1-activities to improve Google’s services for you and others. To use the Google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also substitute any other name that you used when sharing content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or other identifying information about you. 

Usage of the collected information: In addition to the above defined usage the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google privacy policies. Google may publish aggregated statistics about the users’ +1-activities or transmit this information to third parties, such as publishers, advertisers or linked websites.

**Twitter**

This Website offers services from Twitter. Twitter is operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. By using Twitter and the retweet function the websites you’ve visited will be associated with your twitter account and published to other users. By doing so data will be transmitted to Twitter. Please note that we as the operator of the Website have no information on the scope of data collection and procession by Twitter. For further information please visit <http://twitter.com/privacy>. You may amend your Twitter privacy policy options within your account details on <http://twitter.com/account/settings>. 

**Cookies**

To enable the working of certain functions during your visit to our website, we make use of cookies on various pages. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device. We make use of certain cookies that are deleted after your browsing session (session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow our business partners and us to read information we have written into the file. The second type of cookies are read by us on your next visit to our website (persistent cookies). 

You may configure your browser so that you are informed about the use of cookies every time a website tries to write one to your device. Furthermore, you may decide to accept or decline every single cookie or to make certain exceptions. In case you choose not to accept some or all cookies from our website, you may experience impaired functionality on our website for features that require cookies. 

**Advertising**

It is entirely at your discretion, how you allow us to use your personal data to advertise products and services. 

Newsletter: We will send you newsletters in relation to products and services that we think may be of interest to you. Each message contains information on how to unsubscribe from our newsletters – you may manage your notification settings from your player account, and revoke your consent at any time.

**Emails**

Please note that we may send you important emails concerning (amongst other things) your use of the Website, offered products and services, updates on technical issues or matters arising from compliance with our legal or regulatory duties (system generated emails) such as confirmations of registration, confirmations of order, or winnings notifications. The system generated emails are an integral part of the Website and its services, and cannot be opted-out of, until and unless your Player Account has been cancelled or terminated. All emails will be sent to the address you have provided us. Please ensure that the email address we hold for you is kept up-to-date and that you have full access to it. If you change email address, then you must inform us of the new address using your Player Account. 

We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to guard against unauthorised or unlawful processing of your personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal data. All relevant security measures to protect the relevant database are constantly monitored. However, we are only liable for breaches of security in cases of gross negligence and only in accordance with the restrictions provided in the Terms and Conditions. 

We ask you to keep your Player name, your Player Account number and your password in a safe location. You are responsible for all activities implemented on your Player Account.

**Encoding**

During your online transactions your personal data will be transmitted encrypted at all times. SSL technology enables automatic encryption (scrambling) of all data processed via our Website. Your data, including credit card and payment details, are converted to a code which can only be decoded using the secret key or a password. Your browser shows the security of a website by displaying the “padlock” or “key” icon in the lower frame of the browser window. In case your browser is configured accordingly, a warning will be shown at the first visit of our Website. This shows you that your data will be secure and protected on our Website.

**Transmission of data**

We will retain your personal data only as long as is necessary for providing products and services, or as required by applicable law. We will not transmit or disclose your personal data to third parties, except in the cases described above, in the context of a joint venture, in relation to a forecast or actual sale or other transfer of the entire business or parts of the business or if we are compelled to do so by law, or receive a valid, legally compliant request by a law enforcement or governmental authority. 

We may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. In such an event, we will post the new version on the Website. The new version of the Privacy Policy will take effect immediately upon its publication on the Website (or at any other point of time published on the Website). You are responsible for knowing the latest version of this Privacy Policy. You are entitled to inspect your personal data provided to us for free at any time. In addition you may ask us to conduct necessary changes to ensure that your data is correct and up-to-date. To inspect, change, delete, or correct your identity and contact information, please log in to your Player Account.

**Questions**

If you have any other questions about the handling or protection of your personal data please contact our Customer Service. A written enquiry should be addressed by email to [support@lottoland.com](mailto:support@lottoland.com) or by using our [contact form.](https://www.lottoland.com/en/ask)
