> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the srpoints.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121207184101id_/http%3A//www.srpoints.com/legal-center/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Super Rewards

**MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. PLEASE CHECK BACK FREQUENTLY FOR UPDATES. Effective as of October 8, 2009**

This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide, authorize to be released, or which is publicly available may be obtained and used for purposes of marketing by Adknowledge, Inc. and its Super Rewards virtual currency advertising operations ("Adknowledge"). Adknowledge is a technology company providing advertisements to consumers who have voluntarily registered with Adknowledge or one of its partners, through third party Websites, social networking applications and other means (together, these third party sources are referenced hereafter as "Publishers"). As used herein, "online" means using the Internet, including Websites and related technologies and "offline" means methods other than online, including in person, via postal mail, telephone and similar means. This Policy does not apply to the practices of Publishers or other companies that Adknowledge does not own or control or to people that Adknowledge does not employ or manage. Adknowledge retains its right to modify this policy from time to time by re-publishing it on the Internet; please check back for updates, as reflected in the “Effective as of” date above. Further, Adknowledge retains its right to enter into new or different lines of business with consumers and if and to the extent it does so, may display a different Privacy Policy to the consumer for such lines of business.

  1. Collection of Information. 
    1. Subscription or Survey Information. Adknowledge collects information from you when you voluntarily provide it to Adknowledge or one of its Publishers (for example, by signing up for an email newsletter or through a co-registration offer on a survey), or by others means of online or offline surveys, order forms, or registration pages operated by third parties (collectively, a "User Form"). In a User Form, Adknowledge or a third party may offer you incentives in exchange for providing information about yourself such as name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers, birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, employment information, and personal and online interests (together, "User Information"). Completing the Surveys is voluntary and you are under no obligation to provide User Information.
    2. Vendor List Information. Adknowledge may obtain information about you after you provide information to a third party and you permit that party (the "Seller") to share the information, which Adknowledge subsequently purchases, licenses, or otherwise lawfully acquires. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your name, street address, zip code, telephone numbers, birth date, gender, salary range, education, marital status, occupation, industry of employment, personal and online interests, and other information which you provided to the Seller (together, "Vendor List Information"). When acquiring Vendor List Information, Adknowledge requires assurances from the Seller that the Seller has a right to transfer the Vendor List Information to Adknowledge and that the Adknowledge may lawfully use the Vendor List Information to transmit offers from advertisers.
    3. User Behaviors Collected with Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Information. Adknowledge uses cookie and web beacon technology to associate certain Internet-related information about you, such as your Internet Protocol address and what Web browser you are using, with certain of your online behaviors, such as opening or clicking on a particular online advertisement. Additionally, Adknowledge may use other new and evolving sources of information and information gathering in the future (together, "Technology Information").  

      1. Cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on the hard drive of your computer that allows Adknowledge to identify your IP address with corresponding information in Adknowledge's database. Adknowledge may use cookies to track individual responses or views of advertisements. You may read more about cookies at [www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/ "www.cookiecentral.com").
      2. Web beacons. A web beacon is programming code used to display an image on a web page and can also transfer an individual's user identification to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about the individual. Web beacons enable Adknowledge to track certain Web sites you visit or advertisements you view online. Web beacons help determine products or services in which you may be interested and help track online behaviors for marketing purposes. More information about web beacons is available at <http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/W/Web_beacon.html>.
      3. Where Technology Information is Collected. Technology Information is collected directly from Adknowledge advertisements or indirectly through Publishers that Adknowledge contracts with to display advertisements. Such advertisements will usually be displayed within one of the following advertising vehicles: 
        1. Websites. Adknowledge may set a cookie on your computer when you view advertisements delivered on Publisher Websites. After a cookie is set, Adknowledge may track how you interact with the advertisement and the Publisher Website (for example, registering, purchasing, browsing, etc.).
        2. Software Programs. Similar to Websites, Adknowledge displays banner advertisements in software programs that you may use.
        3. Email Databases. Adknowledge may track your interaction with email advertisements sent to you on behalf of Publishers or partner Websites (for example, when you register, purchase, or browse in response to such email).
    4. Outside Information. Adknowledge may lawfully receive information about you from third parties, such as information located in public databases ("Outside Information").
    5. No Information Collected from Minors. MINORS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 SHOULD NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS, TO ADKNOWLEDGE. If Adknowledge is notified it has personal information about a minor under the age of 18, that information will be promptly deleted from our database.
    6. Individual Information. As used herein, Individual Information means Survey Information, Vendor List Information, Technology Information, Outside Information, and any other information Adknowledge lawfully obtains about you.
  2. Use of Individual Information and User Data. 
    1. Discretion to Use Information. Information voluntarily provided to Adknowledge or lawfully obtained by Adknowledge is the property of Adknowledge and may be used by Adknowledge for any lawful purpose, including for marketing purposes. If you wish to end your email subscription with us or one of our Publishers, you may follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe or follow the instructions detailed at Section 4 below.
    2. Targeted Advertising and Information. Adknowledge uses Individual Information to target advertising and other information, such as business, weather, entertainment, sports and general news alerts and similar information, more effectively. When an individual is online, Adknowledge uses Technology Information to associate an individual with their Individual Information and Adknowledge attempts to show information and advertising for products and services to which the person may respond. Adknowledge may use data collected from a response to one type of advertising or information for targeting advertisements or other information through a different venue. For example, Adknowledge may notice that you responded to a baseball banner advertisement and use that response to deliver a baseball-related advertisement and other information to you.
  3. Privacy Practices of Third Parties. 
    1. Advertiser cookies and web beacons. Publishers who place advertisements on the Internet may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to collect information about you. Adknowledge does not control Publishers' use of such technology.
    2. Links. The Publishers' Website and email messages transmitted by Adknowledge on its own behalf or on behalf of Publishers may contain hypertext links to the Websites of third parties. Adknowledge is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Websites.
    3. Affiliated Companies that are not Publishers. Adknowledge may disclose or transfer Individual Information to wholly owned or controlled Adknowledge entities in Adknowledge's discretion.
  4. HOW YOU MAY EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND UNSUBSCRIBE.  
Please read the privacy policy for Adknowledge and its Publishers to understand how your Individual Information may be used after you unsubscribe. Adknowledge has a policy of not disclosing Individual Information to a third party after you have unsubscribed from Adknowledge's email lists. 
    1. Websites. To prevent the display of Publisher or Adknowledge advertising on a Website, for example, banner advertisements, do not visit the Website. To only prevent Adknowledge from tracking your behavior on a Website, turn off cookies from that Website and do not click on or interact with any advertisements.
    2. Email Databases. To unsubscribe from Adknowledge or Publisher email lists, click the link included in the footer of any message delivered by Adknowledge or a Publisher and follow the instructions provided. You may also unsubscribe from the Adknowledge network by clicking [ here ](http://srpoints.com/%E2%80%9Dhttp%3A/%252Fwww.adknowledge.com/mus/global.php%E2%80%9D) or visiting <http://www.adknowledge.com/mus/global.php>.
    3. Software Programs. To prevent software programs from displaying advertisements on your computer, uninstall the Software Program provided by an Adknowledge Publisher by following the instructions included in the privacy policy at the time of installation. Software Programs should include an option to uninstall in the "Add/Remove Programs" section of the Windows® operating system, or by visiting the file director of the installed program and running an uninstaller executable.
  5. More Information. 
    1. For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit [http://www.netcoalition.com](http://www.netcoalition.com/ "http://www.netcoalition.com") and [http://www.privacyalliance.org](http://www.privacyalliance.org/ "http://www.privacyalliance.org"). Adknowledge reserves the right to update this Policy at any time by republishing it to this Website with a new effective date. If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at [sr_info@adknowledge.com](mailto:sr_info@adknowledge.com) or write to us at:   
Adknowledge, Inc.   
Attn: General Counsel   
4600 Madison Ave., 10th Floor   
Kansas City, MO 64112


