> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rallydev.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080510143239id_/http%3A//www.rallydev.com/privacy_statement.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement: Rally Software Development

Rally Software Development Corp. (“Rally”) has created this privacy statement (“Statement”) in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the Rally web site (the “Site”) is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect. 

## Collected Information

We require customers who register to use the services (“Services”) offered on our Site to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, and financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of users within the organization that will be using the Services. At the time you express interest in attaining additional information, or when you register for the service, we may also ask for additional personal information, such as title, department name, fax number, or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees, or industry. Customers can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked. Customers can view their updated profile to confirm their edits have been made. 
