> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ralphlauren.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001018180931id_/http%3A//ralphlauren.com/privacypolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**_POLO.COM'S PRIVACY POLICY_**

Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. As part of the operations of Polo.com, we gather certain types of information about Polo.com users. Polo.com's Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) explains the types of information we gather, what we do with it and how you may correct or change information that Polo.com may collect.

**_INFORMATION COLLECTED BY POLO.COM_**

Polo.com collects two types of information about users: personal information (such as name and e-mail address) and aggregate information (such as information about how many users log on to our sites on a daily basis).

**_PERSONAL INFORMATION_**

Personal information is collected when users voluntarily register with Polo.com to purchase items, receive electronic newsletters, use community and communication services, answer surveys and enter contests and other promotional opportunities provided on Polo.com site. We may receive personal usage and demographic information from our affiliates and from third parties, and if you communicate to us by e-mail, we will record the e-mail address from which you send your message. 

**_AGGREGATE INFORMATION_**

One method of collecting aggregate information about your activities online (such as the pages you access most frequently or the search terms you enter), and information volunteered by you (such as survey or registration information), is by tracking Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web. The computers that deliver the Web pages to you automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you request a page from our site, our servers log your IP address. 

When you visit this site, we automatically record the name of the domain from which you accessed the site and the type of client computer and type of web browser that you use. If you got to the site by means of a link from another site, our computers will note the fact that you came to us from that linked site. 

**_USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED BY POLO.COM_**

The information collected by Polo.com may be used to send you information about our products, services, contests and special promotions being run by Polo.com. We may also use this information to make offers to you and to help us develop and improve Polo.com and tailor our site to your interests. 

**_SHARING DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES_**

Polo.com may share aggregate information with third parties for advertising and promotional purposes. Polo.com may also share personal information with consultants and affiliates for internal business purposes and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed, or if Polo.com believes that membership has been used to commit unlawful acts, or acts that may endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public. We will always request permission to share personal information with our consultants and affiliates. In addition, Polo.com receives personal usage and demographic information from its affiliates and from third parties and uses this information to improve our products and services. 

**_USE OF COOKIES_**

Polo.com currently does not use "cookies" to record information but intends to use them in the future. A cookie is a small data file that Web sites store on your hard drive when you visit them. Cookies allow us to measure activity on our site and to improve user experience by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences. Cookies allow us to determine which areas and features of our site are most popular by measuring user activity. This information allows us to make improvements and updates to improve your Polo.com experience. Polo.com does not use cookies to retrieve any information from your computer.

Your web browser should allow you to accept all cookies, reject all cookies or warn you before it accepts a cookie, so that you can decide whether to accept or reject a cookie generated by a visit to our site. If you prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, some parts of our site, such as members-only areas (i.e. shopping, contest and game areas) will not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies. If you are concerned that you might have created a cookie in a previous visit, you can view whatever cookies are already stored on your hard drive by accessing your computer's cookie file. In Windows 95 or higher, click on "Start" and then "Find" and type in "Cookies". If you see a cookie from us or anyone else that you are not comfortable with, you can delete it by clicking on that icon and hitting your "Delete" key. 

**_ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS_**

Polo.com may offer free, electronic newsletters as a service to our users. You will only receive a newsletter if you agree to receive it during registration or directly from our newsletter sign-up form.

**_INFORMATION REMOVAL_**

If you prefer not to receive information from us, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at unsubscribe@polo.com. Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address and any message. Please note that such requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective.

**_CHILDREN AND PRIVACY_**

Polo.com encourages parents and guardians to spend time with their children online, and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. At various places on our site, we may ask the age of our visitors. Polo.com relies on our users to be truthful in responding to these questions. 

**_COMMUNITY AND PUBLIC AREAS_**

Information posted to message boards, chat areas, club and home pages is available to the general public. Please use caution when posting any such information. Users under the age of 18 should be particularly careful not to provide any personally identifying information while using chat rooms or message boards. Users of chat areas and message boards must follow acceptable standards of behavior when posting messages online. Polo.com reserves the right to, but is not obligated to, refuse or delete any content that in our sole discretion is considered inappropriate. 

**_LINKS TO OTHER SITES_**

Polo.com may contain links to sites other than our own. Those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as Polo.com. We have no responsibility for those sites and provide these links solely for the convenience of our visitors. Such links may be to advertisers, content providers or partners who may use our logo and/or style as a result of a co-branding agreement. These sites may send their own cookies to you, and may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with Polo.com's privacy policy. Polo.com does not control the content that appears on these sites and takes no responsibility for their content, nor should it be implied that Polo.com endorses or otherwise recommends such sites or their products or services offered. 

**_ADDITIONAL INFORMATION_**

No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Polo.com to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, Polo.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Any such transmissions is done at your own risk. 

Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall Polo.com be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages that result from the use of the information or materials on Polo.com sites, even if Polo.com or an authorized representative of Polo.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Polo.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such changes will be posted online.

USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND AGREEMENT TO COMPLY WITH THE ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY.
