> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clackamas.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191214045857id_/https%3A//www.clackamas.edu/about-us/accreditation-policies/internet-privacy-commitment) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clackamas Community College | Internet Privacy Commitment

### **Our Commitment to Privacy**

Thank you for visiting the Clackamas Community College (CCC) website. CCC is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We will never sell or rent your name, email address, physical address or other personally identifying information that you provide to us with any third party. Children under the age of 13 may not submit personal information to CCC through the Internet without written consent from their parents.

###  **Security**

We make every effort to protect the personal information of those who visit the CCC website. CCC has put in place technical controls to safeguard and secure the information we collect online to prevent unauthorized access and ensure the correct use of information.

###  **Google**

The CCC website uses [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics "Google Analytics") and other technical tools to help analyze how users use the website. These tools use "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for CCC. These tools provide data of website visitors and help us improve our web content to better serve our visitors' needs.

###  **What We Collect**

When you visit our website, our Web server automatically recognizes certain kinds of information from all visitors. This data is accumulated for all visitors and analyzed to help us improve the site's organization, optimize its performance and provide data for additional marketing and communication of college activities and programs.

The data collection includes, but is not limited to, the following:

  * The pages you visit on the CCC website
  * The date, time, and length of time of your visit
  * Internet Protocol (IP) Address
  * Type and version of browser and operating system used to access our site (e.g. Internet Explorer; Windows)
  * If another web site links to our site, we collect the URL of the other web site
  * Information provided by the user in an online form, such as email address



###  **Disclosure of Information**

If you choose to share personal information with CCC via email, or filling out an online form with personal information, we will use the information for purposes that support college marketing, including recruitment and retention activities.

###  **Online Payments**

CCC contracts with third party services to provide secure electronic payment options for various processes, such as making tuition and fee payments. Each of these services is obligated to protect the privacy of individuals and ensure the highest level of security. Users are encouraged to read the privacy statements for the particular sites that allow for online payments.

###  **Links to External Sites**

CCC web pages may provide links to external websites or resources. Websites that are not owned or managed by CCC are not bound by the college's Internet privacy commitment and may have their own policies.
