> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the claremont.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124132857id_/http%3A//www.claremont.org/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Claremont Institute | Recovering the American Idea | Conservative public policy think tank | Conservative Magazine | Conservative Journal

Welcome and thank you for accessing the Claremont Institute for the Study of Statesmanship and Political Philosophy (" **Claremont Institute,** " " **us** " or " **we** ") web sites located at www.claremont.org, www.founding.com, www.theamericanmind-claremont.org, online products, and online services, including the  _Claremont Review of Books_  iPad® application (collectively, the " **Site** "). We respect the privacy rights of our users and are committed to protecting the information collected. This Privacy Statement addresses Claremont Institute's practices regarding information collected from users of the Site and only addresses information directly through or from the Site - it does not govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from the user (sometimes referred to as a " **visitor** ," " **you** " or " **your** ") other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. Claremont Institute can be contacted at [info@claremont.org](mailto:info@claremont.org) | Phone: (909) 981-2200 | Fax: (909) 981-1616,1317 W. Foothill Blvd, Suite 120, Upland, CA 91786. This Privacy Statement is incorporated into the [ **Terms and Conditions of Claremont Institute's Web site**](http://www.claremont.org/page/terms-and-conditions/) by reference, as if set forth fully therein, which must be reviewed and accepted by you.

**1\. Collection of Personal Information from Site and/or App Users**

Except as specifically set forth herein, Claremont Institute may collect or track (a) the home server domain names, date and time of your visit, type of computer, the originating IP address, search engine used, operating system, and type of Web browser for users of the Site; (b) the e-mail addresses of users that communicate with Claremont Institute via e-mail; (c) information knowingly provided by the user in online informational sections, registration or membership forms, donation forms, subscriptions, surveys, e-mail, and other online avenues (including, without limitation, demographic and personal profile data); (d) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages a user accesses; and (e) financial information provided by a user, including credit card number and billing address in order to process credit card payments to Claremont Institute. Such financial information, while collected by Claremont Institute, is stored and maintained by its third-party payment processing center. Specifically, and in order to register, to obtain annual subscriptions and/or to purchase certain products of the Site, you may be required to provide additional personal information about you and your company such as your name, address and other relevant personal information in your registration profile in order to obtain registration and/or to purchase goods and/or services. In order to utilize some features of the Site, including an annual subscription, users may have to pay a fee, and thus additional financial information will be required at the time of purchase. If you do not wish to provide such information to the Site, you will be unable to register and/or to obtain products or services from the Site.

Claremont Institute may place Internet "cookies" or other similar authenticating or tracking code or technologies on your hard drive or handheld. Internet cookies are small amounts of data that contain a unique identifier that many web sites frequently send to your web browser to be stored on your computer's hard drive in order to save data about you, such as your name, password, user-name, screen preferences, and the pages of a site you have viewed. When you revisit the Site, Claremont Institute may recognize you by your Internet cookies and customize your experience accordingly. When a visitor performs a search within the Site, we may record information identifying that visitor or linking that visitor to the search performed and recording information related to the search request. You may decline Internet cookies by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software, if available.

Claremont Institute may use LiveStats, SmarterStats, Google Analytics or a similar service to gather, store, and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Site. When a user performs a search within the Site, Claremont Institute may record information identifying the user or linking the user to the search performed and recording information related to the search request your use of the Site, and certain activities on the Site may be associated with your location and permit Claremont Institute to view user locations in the aggregate.

**2\. Use of Personal Information Collected**

Personal information collected by Claremont Institute may be used by Claremont Institute for many reasons, for example, for recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, marketing and promotional purposes (including direct mail marketing), statistical analysis of users' behavior, product development, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data on users' home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which users voluntarily provide to Claremont Institute may be added to Claremont Institute's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events.

From time to time, we may need to contact you for registration-related activities (e.g., renewal notices, etc.). You agree that we may use your personal information for such membership-related contacts with you. We may also desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. You will have the option of not being contacted by Claremont Institute by following the opt-out process in Section 6.

**3\. Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties**

Personal information provided through the Site may be used and disclosed to third parties, other entities, advertisers and/or business partners in order to provide the products or services requested and for general marketing and promotional purposes (including direct mail marketing). Without limiting the foregoing, financial information may be maintained and housed by a third party payment processing center, for the purpose of processing payments and conducting related transactions. Aggregate data on users' home servers and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers, may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms.

We may use your cookies, in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain web sites. This will not involve the use of personal information, such as your name, address or email. Please understand that Claremont Institute does not control these third party cookies, and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. To learn more about the use of this information or choose not to have this information used by us and to opt out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by  _[ **clicking here**](https://www.networkadvertising.org/)_ **.  **Note that if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.

Any personal information provided by you on general areas of the Site may be read by us and could potentially be used by us for marketing, research and/or other business purposes. Identifiable and non-identifiable user information and data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which Claremont Institute enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by Claremont Institute in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of Claremont Institute or any other person or entity.

While Claremont Institute may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which Claremont Institute shares, rents, sells, or otherwise discloses personal information is under a contractual obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which Claremont Institute exercises no control. Claremont Institute is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties.

**4\. Security Measures and Communicating with Claremont Institute**

Claremont Institute has implemented physical, electronic and procedural security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Despite Claremont Institute's efforts to protect your personal information, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Claremont Institute via this Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the Site content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, Claremont Institute is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with Claremont Institute via e-mail or the Internet, users can contact Claremont Institute by regular mail at 937 West Foothill Boulevard, Suite E, Claremont, California 91711 or by phone at **(909) 621-6825**.

In addition, to protect your personal information, never share your password used on the Site, if any, with anyone, and if you feel that your password has been discovered, you should change it immediately by logging on to the Site and accessing your profile to change your password or by contacting us at **info@claremont.org**.

**5\. Links to Other Sites**

The Site may also contain links to other sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties, including those that enable you to purchase products and services. If you access a third party site from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that site is not subject to this Privacy Statement. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties to collect personal or other information about you. Claremont Institute is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such sites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other web sites. Claremont Institute does not control these third parties' use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites, advertisers and any third parties.

**6\. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Information;  Opt-Out Right**

Upon your request via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone, we will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by us that has been voluntarily provided by you to Claremont Institute through online forms, subscriptions, purchases, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or update your personal information by contacting us via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses or numbers above.

Except as necessary to obtain the products, services, or information requested, you may opt out of having your personal information, which has been voluntarily provided to Claremont Institute through online forms, subscriptions, membership or registration forms and profiles, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenues, prospectively retained by Claremont Institute, used by Claremont Institute for secondary purposes, or disclosed by Claremont Institute to third parties, by contacting Claremont Institute via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses set out above. This provision does not apply to the collection of the type of Web browser of the user to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description in this Section 6.

**7\. Right to Change Privacy Statement**

We will inform you if a material change is made to this Privacy Statement, which means a change that expands the permissible uses or disclosures of any personally identifiable information allowed by the prior version of the Privacy Statement. Your continued use of the Site will indicate acceptance of the changes. You may, of course, choose to opt-out of continuing to use the Site, see Section 6 above. Please exit the Site immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement or any revised policy.

We may make non-significant changes to the Privacy Statement that do not affect your personally identifiable information. For these instances, we may not notify you of such non-significant changes.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you here, and by means of a notice on our home page.

**8.**   **Your California Privacy Rights**

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 provides you with the right to request certain information regarding disclosure of your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, including a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. In order to obtain such information, please email your request to info@claremont.org or write us at the address above. 
