> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the classcentral.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180805163544id_/https%3A//www.class-central.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Class Central

Last updated: May 22, 2018

Effective date: May 22, 2018

Class Central, Inc ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.class-central.com/ website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.class-central.com/

## **Definitions**

**Service**

Service is the https://www.class-central.com/ website operated by Class Central, Inc

**Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**Data Controller**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

**Data Processors (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject (or User)**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

## **Information Collection And Use**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### **Types of Data Collected**

#### **Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address
  * First name and last name
  * Profile Picture
  * Cookies and Usage Data



We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you provide information in response to a survey operated by us. This may include details about your race, your education history, and your employment.

We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you access or log-in to a third party site, e.g., Facebook or Google, from our Service. This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party site.

#### **Public Content**

The information that you contribute through the Service is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, interests, follows, transcripts, lists, and account profile. We may display this information through the Service, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. 

#### **Usage Data**

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, which ads you have seen or clicked on, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.

We may use internal and third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics, Keen IO, and Clicky. 

#### **Tracking Cookies Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. For more information on our use of cookies and web beacons, please refer to our [Cookies Policy.](https://www.class-central.com/about/cookies-policy)

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. 

## **Use of Data**

We do not sell your personal data - such as your name and contact information - to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes.

Class Central, Inc uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To perform statistical analysis of the use of our Services 
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To send you updates (like course start dates or new course notifications), recommendations, based on the your interests and follows as well as general information, unless you have opted not to receive such information 
  * To personalized the Service



We use various service providers, vendors and contractors (collectively, "Contractors") to assist us in providing our products and services to you. Our Contractors may have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing their products or services to us, so that we in turn can provide our products and services to you. These Contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Site or the Online Course. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for us.

We may share aggregated of de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics, and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual. 

## **Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Class Central, Inc legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Class Central, Inc may process your Personal Data because:

  * We need to perform a contract with you
  * You have given us permission to do so
  * The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
  * To comply with the law

  


## **Retention of Data**

Class Central, Inc will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Class Central, Inc will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## **Transfer Of Data**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Class Central, Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## **Disclosure Of Data**

### **Business Transaction**

If Class Central, Inc is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### **Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, Class Central, Inc may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### **Legal Requirements**

Class Central, Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of Class Central, Inc
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



## **Security Of Data**

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## **"Do Not Track" Signals**

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## **Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Class Central, Inc aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

**The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.** Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

**The right of rectification.** You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

**The right to object.** You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

**The right of restriction.** You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

**The right to data portability.** You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

**The right to withdraw consent.** You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Class Central, Inc relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## **Service Providers**

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Here is a list of [Service Providers](https://www.class-central.com/about/third-party-service-providers-and-cookies) used by Class Central.

## **Links To Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## **Children's Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## **Changes To This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## **Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at [privacy@class-central.com](mailto:privacy@class-central.com)

## Class Central

Get personalized course recommendations, track subjects and courses with reminders, and more.

[ Sign up for free ](https://web.archive.org/signup)
