> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the classifiedextra.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121004123934id_/http%3A//www.classifiedextra.ca/cgi-bin/info_en.cgi%3Fpage%3Dconfidentialite) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# classifiedextra.ca - Classified ads to buy and sell in Canada. Autos, Real Estate, Jobs, Pets, and more.

The Canoe Network appreciates the concerns you may have with respect to the circulation of personal information on the Internet and, with your collaboration, wishes to address these issues. This is why we feel it is important that you fully understand the type of information we collect from you when visiting classifiedextra.ca along with its intended use. Please read the following sections carefully. We also strongly suggest that you refer to this section periodically for changes or updates. Please be assured that classifiedextra.ca will not collect any personal information without your prior consent.

The collection and processing of personal information takes place under very precise conditions and at specific times. When registering for our various personalized e-mail services, or for participating in online contests, classifiedextra.ca requests that you enter your name, postal address, e-mail and other personal information by filling out an online form. At these very specific times, and prior to entry, classifiedextra.ca will explicitly advise you that the information that you are about to submit will be processed and be subject to a host of data collection practices including saving, storing, editing, detailing, archiving and destruction. classifiedextra.ca also provides, within reasonable limits, means to verify the accuracy and to update your personal information. As well, on certain online forms, the Canoe Network asks you if you wish to receive information on other services, contests or news about the Canoe Network and its partners. You are always given the option to decline such offers or to end your subscription to a previously requested service.

The collection of personal information allows classifiedextra.ca to provide services relevant to your needs and, in the event that you win one of our contests, it allows us to reach you. It also allows us to send you, from time to time, requested information by e-mail.

It is important to note that the classifiedextra.ca will never disclose your personal information with sponsors, advertisers, partners and other clients. Your personal information can only be accessed by the Canoe Network. If ever we request information for another purpose, you will be automatically and explicitly informed at the time such information is requested. We will never disclose any personal information to parties outside of the Canoe Network without your explicit prior consent. Furthermore, please be advised that all personal information collected by the Canoe Network is stored in server sectors that are inaccessible to the public. Despite the above, at any time, you may request that the Canoe Network end its use or planned use of your personal information. In summary, the following are the only times at which the classifiedextra.ca may disclose your personal information: upon request by a legal authority or in good faith when such action is deemed necessary (a) in order to abide by applicable laws or regulations or to intervene in a lawsuit against the classifiedextra.ca; (b) in order to protect or defend the legal or property rights of the classifiedextra.ca or those of its users; and (c) to intervene, under extreme circumstances, in order to protect the personal safety of classifiedextra.ca users or the safety of the general public.

Classifiedextra.ca contains links to third-party websites; these are provided solely for your convenience. Clicking on these links will take you outside of classifiedextra.ca. Please be advised that classifiedextra.ca has no control over these third-party sites and, while classifiedextra.ca may feature such links, classifiedextra.ca or the Canoe Network will not, at any time, accept liability for these sites. Consequently, personal information that you provide to a website outside of the Canoe Network is subject to the privacy protection policies of the given third-party site. In the event of abuse by such sites, the classifiedextra.ca cannot, at any time, be held responsible. Therefore, we strongly urge you to carefully read the privacy protection policies of all third-party sites you choose to enter. We also wish to inform you that the risks associated with the supplying of personal information in a chat room, via e-mail or on a Web-based message board are not covered by our privacy protection policy; thus, you must be extremely careful if you choose to supply personal information through these means. You are submitting this information at your own risk. Indeed, this information may be collected and used by third parties without your prior consent. In other words, if you choose to provide personal information online and this information is available to the public, you may, eventually, receive unsolicited e-mail from third parties. The Canoe Network and classifiedextra.ca declines all responsibility in this regard. We urge you to remain cautious and vigilant, at all times, on the Internet.

Classifiedextra.ca and the Canoe Network have set up security measures to protect you from the loss or unauthorized use of your supplied personal information. As well, our classifiedextra.ca and Canoe Network servers are equipped with firewall technology. Despite these measures, and given that no technology is foolproof, we must advise you that there will always remain a certain amount of risk and that your personal information may be disclosed, without your consent, unintentionally, and without fault on the part of the Canoe Network. The Canoe Network declines any responsibility in the event that such confidential information is disclosed, unless caused by negligence on the part of the Canoe Network.

Children and teenagers are increasingly using the Internet and discovering its many advantages. However, as is the case in many other environments, their greater vulnerability may be targeted for crime and exploitation. This is why we urge you to monitor the Internet use of your children and teenagers and provide them with advice on security and recommendations based on common sense. Such measures will often prevent your children and teenagers from being exposed to offensive content, or from becoming victims of harassment or other criminal acts. To reduce these risks, as a parent, you should exercise a reasonable amount of supervision of Internet use by your children and teenagers. They should be told to never give out their personal information, such as their name, address or phone number, on any Internet forum. It is also important that children and teenagers be encouraged to share their concerns with you in the event that they receive disturbing or provocative messages. These recommendations will help your children and teenagers surf the Internet in an informed fashion and allow you to ensure that they fully benefit from the learning and development possibilities that exist online.

  
  


"Cookies" are little bits of information that are sent to your computer when you visit a website. They are saved, either temporarily or permanently, on your hard drive, leaving a trace of your passage. The information can include such things as the date and time of your last visit, a given answer to an online question, personal information, etc. Cookies can also enhance your Web experience by recording your navigation preferences for a given website.

The use of cookies on the Web has become standard practice. Most Internet browsers will accept them by default. If you so choose, you may, at any time, change your parameters to disallow the use of cookies. However, in doing so, you will be unable to access the full features of certain sites.

It should be noted that the actual cookie files stored on your hard drive are harmless. They may be read and deleted at any time. Thus, you always have complete control.

  


On the one hand, classifiedextra.ca uses cookies to monitor traffic, anonymously, on its websites. It allows us to estimate the size of our audience.

Each visitor is assigned a unique cookie that allows us to determine the total number of repeat visits to classifiedextra.ca.

While the information cannot be used to identify a visitor, cookies provide important data for our marketing department. Indeed, this information enables us to inform our sponsors of the total number of visitors for each of our sites and the length of each visit. In turn, it allows our sponsors to estimate or measure the probable or actual impact of their ads. It also allows us to determine our ad rates. While this information helps our sponsors buy ad space, it does not allow them to identify you individually.

On the other hand, classifiedextra.ca and the Canoe Network use cookies to offer you personalized services such as speciality content, personalized bulletins, etc. To access these services, the Canoe Network asks that you complete an online form (Canoe Passport), supplying certain personal information along with your online content preferences. Upon registration, and by allowing us to remember your password, a cookie file is created and stored on your computer, enabling us to "recognize" you every time you visit one of our sites.

Personal information collected by classifiedextra.ca is used for the sole purpose of offering you relevant content, tools and advertising based on your indicated preferences, allowing you to make the most of our services each time you visit one of our sites. Your information stays exclusively within classifiedextra.ca and the Canoe Network and is, at no time, shared with clients, partners, sponsors or other outside parties.

We hope that this information has provided you with a better understanding of our strict privacy protection policies. Please note that classifiedextra.ca and the Canoe Network reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. Thus, we invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes.
