> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the classmates.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111010112049id_/http%3A//www.classmates.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Memory Lane | Step back in time - Previously Classmates.com

**1\. COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION**

**a. When You Register**

During the process of registering on the Website (or co-registering for our services on one of our affiliate's or marketing partner's websites), you may be required to provide certain information, such as your name, maiden name (if applicable), mailing address and/or zip code, e-mail address, phone number, birth date or year, marital status, password, and one or more community affiliations (such as with a school, college, workplace, military assignment, neighborhood or interest group). Please keep in mind that, although most of this information will not be viewable by other members, once you are registered your name, community affiliations and years associated with those affiliations will be displayed on the Website and you will no longer be anonymous to us or to other individuals who access the Website. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the Website, it may be included in the Website "search" tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2(i) below. We may also publicly display your general geographic location on the Website, such as through mapping or a neighborhood community affiliation, based upon the zip code that you provide to us, as another means of assisting members in finding each other. However, you have the option of opting out of having your general geographic location publicly displayed through mapping by accessing the "Account" section on the Website and changing your preferences, or through a neighborhood community affiliation by removing yourself from that affiliation. 

**b. When You "Surf" the Website**

_Log Files_

Like most standard website servers, we use and maintain the information that we obtain from and through your browser on our server logs. This information can include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ("ISP"), and other data. We may use this information to analyze trends, administer the Website, track user movement, detect fraud or other types of abuse, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may associate this information with Your Information to resolve technical issues, support security for our users, and take action on any activity that may violate this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.

_Cookies_

A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored in a browser-related file on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and are read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We link cookies to your unique registration number and use them to enhance and personalize your experience on the Website, including helping authenticate you when you use the Website, remembering your preferences and registration information, and customizing the content and advertisements provided to you on the Website. For example, storing a cookie on your computer allows you to login without typing the registered e-mail address or registration number and password. We also use cookies to deliver information and fresh content specific to your interests on the Website. We (or our third-party service providers) may also use cookies to target advertisements for Memory Lane services that you may view when visiting other websites. If you do not want these cookies stored on your computer you can delete and/or reject cookies by modifying your Internet browser setting accordingly (each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences). However, if you choose to delete and/or reject cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use certain products and services on the Website. Please also note that certain types of emails available through the Website may automatically log you into the Website and/or set new cookies when you click on the links in the emails and that you may need to manually remove such cookies if you do not want them to be set on your computer. See Section 2(d) below for additional information about cookies in regards to our use of third party ad servers.

_Web Beacons_

  
A web beacon (also known as a clear gif) is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier that is placed on a web page or within an email. It is similar in function to a cookie, and is used to collect a limited set of information, such as a cookie number, time and date of page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. Memory Lane and its third party advertisers may use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them. This information helps us better manage content on the Website by informing us what content is effective. In addition, we may use web beacons in our promotional e-mail messages to count how many messages and which emails have been opened and acted upon. This use allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and our marketing campaigns. Memory Lane does associate web beacons to individual member personal information for internal purposes only, in an effort to understand our members' individual preferences with our email products.

  
**c. When You Sign-up for a Paid or Other Enhanced Product or Service From Memory Lane**

If you choose to sign-up for a paid or other enhanced product or service beyond a basic registration, you may be required to provide us with certain contact information, such as your name, e-mail address and billing address. We may also require other information necessary to access the paid or other enhanced product or service or process any applicable payment, such as a credit card or debit card number and expiration date. We may use the information that you provide to us to bill you for products and services you request, or to notify you of additional products and services we may offer. When you sign-up for a paid or other enhanced product or service on the Website, you are consenting to our delivery of this information to our service providers, which may include banks and credit card companies that we use to process a transaction or other third parties who may provide all or a portion of the underlying product or service on our behalf. See Section 2(f) below for additional information about sharing your information with our service providers. We may also show your membership status on the Website so that other members can see what options they have to contact or communicate with you. 

**d. When You Use Member-to-Member Communications**

We have developed a "double-blind" e-mail system, which hides the email addresses to protect the privacy of both the sender and receiver when a member sends another member an email through the Website. When using these member-to-member communications, it is up to you to choose when you are comfortable disclosing your e-mail address, or any other contact information, to others. Memory Lane respects the privacy of these member-to-member communications and does not read or disclose them unless we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise permitted or required under Section 2(h) below. Please keep in mind that you will not be able to delete, revise or otherwise recover any message that you send once it has been sent.

**e.**

 **When You Use Bulletin Boards, Message Boards, Interest Groups, Events or Other Public Forums**

Information and content submitted to bulletin boards, message boards, interest groups, events and other public forums on the Website are displayed publicly, so please exercise care in deciding what information and content you wish to disclose. Because this information is publicly displayed on the Website, it may be included in the Website "search" tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2(i) below. Please keep in mind that, because of the interactive nature of these forums, in many cases you will not be able to remove or revise the information or content that you submit in these areas of the Website and such information or content may remain on the Website even if your membership is terminated. To protect the privacy of our members, Memory Lane does not allow the public posting of personal contact information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the bulletin boards, message boards, public and private interest groups, events and other public forums on the Website. Please review our Community Guidelines for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas.

**f. When You Use "Invite-A-Friend", "Email this Page" or Other Referral Services**

If you elect to use any of our referral services for informing friends about the Website or any portion thereof, you will be asked to provide your friends' names and e-mail address. We will then automatically send your friends a one-time e-mail, plus a reminder email if you so choose (each of which will usually include your name and email address) inviting them to visit the Website. We ask for this information for the sole purpose of sending these emails and tracking the success of our referral program.

**g. When You Build a Personal Profile**

Memory Lane has created tools to enable our members to not only see what their old friends have been up to, but also find new friends with common interests. You can use these tools to build a personal profile to share as much information about yourself as you wish. Except as otherwise noted, when you use a specific profile tool all information that you add to your profile is publicly viewable and may be included in the Website "search" tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2(i) below. For this reason, please use care in providing information that you may not want to publicly disclose. To protect the privacy of our members, Memory Lane does not allow the public posting of personal contact information. Additionally, please see our Community Guidelines for more information regarding the limitations on the types of information that you may post on your personal profile and elsewhere on the Website. As provided in our Terms of Service, Memory Lane may use the information you provide in your profile in a variety of Memory Lane products and features, such as affiliation-specific emails. This enables us to provide our members with information in a more personalized fashion.

**h. When You View Other Members' Profiles**

Memory Lane gives you the ability to find other members by browsing the affiliation lists or using the search functionality on the Website. When you find other members, you can view their personal profiles to find out more about them based on the information they have decided to share on the Website. Every time that you visit another member's profile, your name and the date of your visit will be viewable by that member as someone who visited that member's profile unless you opt out of having your name automatically left on other members' profiles, which you can do by accessing the "Account" section on the Website and changing your preferences. If you opt out of automatically having your name left on other members' profiles, you will still have the ability to leave your name on specific members' profiles on an individual basis.

**i. When You Participate in Surveys**

From time-to-time we may request information from our users via surveys relating to our products or services or on behalf of our affiliates or third-party advertisers. When you participate in a survey, we may request contact information (such as your name and e-mail address) or demographic information (such as your zip code, age or income level). Memory Lane conducts surveys relating to its own products or services in order to target advertising and content and to better understand members' needs and opinions. Memory Lane may share, in aggregate form, information it collects from these surveys with its advertisers, partners, affiliates and the general public, but will not share survey information containing personally identifiable information with any third party without your prior consent. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary, such that you have the choice of whether you wish to disclose the requested information. However, we encourage our members to participate in these surveys as they provide us with important information that helps us to improve our services or services that may offered on the Website or via email by our affiliates or third-party advertisers.

**j. When You or Third Parties Contact Us**

If you contact Memory Lane by phone, email or letter, we may keep a record of such correspondence. Thus, if you report an issue with the Website, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. Moreover, if you contact us through our feedback area, we require your name and email address in order to send you a reply. Additionally, if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we may keep the information in a file specific to you.

**k. How We May Supplement Your Information**

In order for us to provide all of the products and services that are available to you as a member of the Website, it may be necessary for us from time to time to supplement the information we receive through your use of the Website with information from third party resources. For example, we may obtain updated email address information from email-change-of-address vendors or purchase third party marketing data and address information and add it to our existing database to better target our advertising and provide pertinent offers we think you would be interested in.

 **2\. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION**

**a. Confidentiality**

Memory Lane only shares your information with others when we have your permission or under the types of circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we limit access to your information to only those employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or to do their jobs.

**b. Third Party Offers**

We allow other companies, such as our marketing partners and companies that are affiliated with our parent company, United Online, Inc., to offer their products and services to you, to co-register you on their websites, or to communicate with you about their products and services at a future date, through the Website, co-branded pages hosted by the third party, or email. Whether or not you decide to participate in such an offer is up to you. If you purchase a product or service from a third party, agree to co-register on a third party's website, or agree to allow a third party to communicate with you in the future through an offer on the Website, any of which requires you to submit financial and/or personally identifiable information, you are also consenting to our delivery of this information to that party. The offer will notify you if any financial or personally identifiable information will be shared. Such third party will be authorized to use this information in keeping with our contractual relationship with them and in accordance with their own privacy policy and information practices. We do not control these third parties and you agree that Memory Lane is not liable for their acts or any failure to act on their part.

**c. Third Party Advertising**

As noted above, we may use your information to provide you with advertisements that are targeted to your specific needs and interests. These advertisements link directly to third party websites. Memory Lane has no control over the content or privacy policies of such websites, and therefore we encourage you to review such content and policies prior to submitting any personal information to them. We do share certain aggregate information, such as demographic information and the number of times that our members have viewed an advertisement, with our third party advertisers. This information is not linked with any personally identifiable information, and we do not provide any such information to third party advertisers except as otherwise noted in Section 2(b) above. 

Memory Lane may use aggregated, statistical information to describe our membership and to establish advertising and other business relationships with third parties. Memory Lane may serve you with targeted advertisements based on your information, but Memory Lane does not provide any of Your Information to an advertiser or any third party with the exception of those uses expressly disclosed in this policy. However, if you click or view an advertisement on the Website, then you consent to the likelihood that the advertiser will assume that you meet the targeting criteria, if any, that we use to display such advertisement and, as described above, you will be subject to the advertiser's privacy policy and information collection practices.

**d. Third Party Ad Servers and Networks**

Memory Lane may allow other companies, called third party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements on the Website. Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer. Doing this allows them to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Memory Lane may share certain non-personally identifiable information about you, such as your gender, age or zip code, with ad networks to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks. Memory Lane does not have access to or control over the cookies that may be placed by these parties on your computer, and has no control over these parties' privacy policies or information collection practices. If you would like to learn more about targeted advertising served by ad networks and your ability to opt-out from receiving such advertising from ad networks, click here.

**e. Contests and Sweepstakes**

Memory Lane may run contests, sweepstakes and other promotions on the Website in which we may request entrants to provide personal or contact information. In some cases, entrants may be required to answer survey questions about a range of topics. Memory Lane uses the information collected in the entry form to verify the entrant's identity and age and to communicate with the entrant. Memory Lane will not share any of the entrant's personal or contact information with any third party except to service providers (if any) as described below, as disclosed at the time of entry, if you are a contest winner, or as may be required by law. Memory Lane may make information about entrants available in aggregated form to advertisers, partners and the general public.

**f. Service Providers**

We may sometimes use a third party to provide specific services on our behalf, including sending e-mails to our members, conducting member surveys, processing transactions, providing all or a portion of an underlying product or service on our behalf, or performing statistical analysis of our services or data. In these cases, we may provide your information to these third party service providers as needed for the service to be provided. However, these parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are prohibited from retaining, sharing, storing or using this information for any other purposes. 

Memory Lane may provide certain portions of your information, such as your email address or name, back to your ISP if we have an existing advertising relationship with them. This is done to allow them to target or discontinue your exposure to our advertisements, once you have become a participating member of the Website. As part of our agreement with your ISP, they will be required to maintain this information in a confidential manner and use it solely for the purpose described in this Privacy Policy.

**g. Affiliates and Business Transitions**

Memory lane may share your information with its affiliates that are subject to privacy policies that protect your personally identifiable information from disclosure to third parties in a manner similar to this Privacy Policy. In the event that Memory Lane (or its parent corporation) goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, our members' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Members may be notified of any such business transition via e-mail and/or notice on the Website.

**h. Legal Matters; Protection of Rights, Property and Interests; Safety  
**  
We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account: as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order; pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that Your Information in any way relates to that threat.

**i. Display of Information on Third Party Websites and Devices  
**  
Any of your information that is publicly displayed on the Website may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a member of the Website and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices. Some or all of this same information may also be displayed in the results of searches on third party websites that provide people search and other similar services in order to make it easier for people to find you on the Website. If you do not wish to have your information displayed on these search engines or other third party websites, you can opt out by removing your account from the Website. In addition, Memory Lane may create applications or other tools for use on various third party websites and devices, such as Facebook or the iPhone, through which all or a portion of the information that is publicly displayed on the Website may be shown to the users of those websites and devices. If you do not wish to have your information appear through these Memory Lane-created applications or tools, you can opt out of having your information used in this way by accessing the "Account" section on the Website and changing your preferences.

 **5\. THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION**

We have instituted physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to store and maintain your information in a secure environment. For example, when highly confidential information, such as a credit card or debit card number, is transmitted through the Website, it is encrypted by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software. You may also be required to use a password to access certain pages on the Website where certain types of your information can be changed or deleted. It is therefore important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password, to emails which we may send you, and to your computer. You take full responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. Furthermore, while we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your information from the threats of tomorrow. You should also be aware that despite our efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of your information. Accordingly, we are not in a position to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances.

 ****

**6\. A NOTE ABOUT INTERNATIONAL USERS**

We collect, process and maintain your information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. If you are using the Website from outside of the United States, by providing your information to us you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**7\. A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT THE PRIVACY OF MINORS**

Minors (those under 18) are not eligible to use our service and we ask that minors not submit any personal information to us or use the service. We will not knowingly allow minors to become members. If we later learn that a minor is a member, then that minor's membership will be terminated. 

**8\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

Memory Lane may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email (sent to the primary e-mail address specified in your account), or by means of a notice on the Website for a period of not less than thirty (30) days prior to the change. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

**9\. TRUSTe PRIVACY CERTIFICATION**

Memory Lane has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html?dsource=pub|1032|policy_changes|null|11196|1 "Privacy Policy") including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at Memory Lane, Inc., Attention: Privacy Policy Issues, 333 Elliott Avenue W., Suite 500, Seattle, WA 98119, or e-mail us at [privacy@memorylane.com](mailto:privacy@memorylane.com?dsource=pub|1032|policy_changes|null|11196|2). If you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint&dsource=pub|1032|policy_changes|null|11196|3 "Privacy Policy").
