> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the classesandcareers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071010115945id_/http%3A//www.classesandcareers.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CLASSESANDCAREERS.COM | PRIVACY POLICY

## Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy covers One on One LLC. ("One on One") treatment of personally identifiable information that One on One collects when you are on One on One operated Websites and when you use and/or purchase any products and services marketed by One on One It is important that visitors are fully informed about the use of their personal information. One on One believes in 100% permission-based marketing. For each visitor to our Websites, our Web servers automatically recognize only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (unless requested and supplied by the consumer as a registration field entry). 

This Privacy Policy also applies to consumers that have agreed to receive e-mail, direct mailings and telemarketing from One on One and its Advertisers, whether at one of our Websites, via email, direct mail, telemarketing, on third party websites, via co-registration or otherwise. One on One collects information via direct marketing and in certain portions of our Websites, where guests provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities (i.e., by way of responding to questions and surveys, community listings, ratings, searches and comparison searches, bidding, purchasing, chat, games, or bulletin boards, etc.). The personal profile information that you submit to One on One and Advertisers remains your property, but by submitting that information to One on One, you grant One on One the right to use that information for marketing purposes including, but not limited to, sharing such information via co-registration with Advertisers. (i.e. by clicking on any Advertiser's banner you agree to be co-registered at that advertiser's website - at no cost to you). One on One may also use such information to fulfill prizes, track compliance with the website rules of a specific One on One property or for content improvement and feedback purposes. These businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation. In addition, One on One reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event that One on One believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of the website rules of a specific One on One property or to commit unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, if One on One or one of its properties, subsidiaries or affiliates, is sold or acquired, or when One on One deems it necessary or appropriate. By agreeing to these terms, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when One on One, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate. To the extent that customer credit card-specific information is collected by One on One and any of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties (other than consumer credit agencies) without the customer's prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, One on One and its affiliates and subsidiaries reserve the right to share with third parties the fact that they have credit card information on file for specific customers but they will not share this credit card information with third parties without the customer's prior informed consent. 

One on One shares website usage information about visitors to our Websites, who have received targeted promotional campaigns, with Advertisers for the purpose of formatting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our Advertisers track some of the pages that you visit on our Websites through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). By registering with One on One operated Websites, you agree to allow One on One to share such website usage information with third parties. 

One on One also reserves the right to provide aggregate or group data about One on One operated website users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage or characteristics of One on One operated Website participants as a group. By opening a One on One operated Website account; you agree to allow One on One to provide such aggregate data to third parties. 

Where guests provide content submissions, suggestions, and/ or participate in interactive online activities with One on One marketing (i.e., by way of responding to questions and surveys, community listings, ratings, searches and comparison searches, bidding, purchasing, chat, games, or bulletin boards, etc.) that same guest acknowledges that they will be contacted and/or sent offers by One on One Career Institute or their affiliates. One on One may share personally identifiable information with third party businesses for purposes of direct marketing, specifically email marketing and SMS text-messaging. All third parties are bound by the CAN SPAM Act (s.877) or 2003, and are required to be in full compliance of all consumer opt-out rules and regulations. Registrants to One on One websites acknowledge that they will be contacted by One on One Career Institute, LLC and/or their affiliates. If you do not want to receive e-mail, direct mailings and/or telemarketing from One on One or any of its affiliates and subsidiaries in the future, please let One on One know by e-mailing us at the following address: ([Helpdesk@cilearning.com](mailto:Helpdesk@cilearning.com)). To unsubscribe from any co-registration Advertiser's website, please visit their website for complete details. 

One on One does not endorse, nor is, One on One Career Institute, LLC responsible for the accuracy of, the Privacy Policies and/or Terms and Conditions of each of the Advertisers on the One on One operated Websites. The entities which advertise and place banner ads on One on One operated Websites including, but not limited to, co-registration Advertisers, are independent third parties and are not affiliated with One on One. 

Your Acceptance of These Terms 

By using One on One operated Websites and/or agreeing to receive information from One on One, you agree to the One on One Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on this Website and/or applicable One on One operated Websites. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of One on One operated Websites or acceptance of our e-mails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe from our services by clicking on the link below: <http://www.esmartliving.com/unsubscribe.i>. 

|  | 
