> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the p1.com.my privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011182519id_/http%3A//www.p1.com.my/common/aspx/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# P1 - beyond broadband

  | 

P1.Com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. This statement describes how P1.Com collects and uses your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS  
**  
**1.** Types of data collection   
**2.** Cookies and other tracking technologies   
**3.** Data we collect and how we use it   
**4.** Customization, preferences, and opt-out   
**5.** Account access   
**6.** Advertising   
**7.** Security   
**8.** Third-party sites   
**9.** Policy update   
**10.** Questions or suggestions 

**1\. Types of data collection**

P1.Com collects data related to our users through the following methods:  
          • Automated means such as communications protocols and cookies   
          • Registration screens and online forms   
          • Sales inquiries and transactions   
          • Customer communications   
          • Offline communications and interactions   
          • Third party sources of information, such as opt in lists.   
Depending upon the method of collection and use, the data collected may include information about the user from forms, registrations and transactions (such as name, title, address, company, phone number and e-mail address), financial/transaction information (such as credit card and payment information), information about use of P1.Com web sites (such as electronic communications protocols, web pages visited and cookies) and user preferences (including product requirements, areas of industry interest, newsletters, community choices and other information managed from the customer profile that is created when registering on P1.Com websites). 

**2\. Cookies and other tracking technologies**

**Electronic Communications Protocols and Cookies:**  
P1.Com may receive data from you as part of the communication connection itself, that is, the standard electronic greeting between your computer and our servers. This information often consists of network routing (where you came from), equipment information (browser type), date and time. At this time our server will also query your computer to see if there are "cookies" previously set by greenpacket.com to facilitate log in or other site navigation procedures. A "cookie" is a small piece of information sent by a Web server to store on a Web browser so it can later be read back from that browser.

**Cookies:**  
Some parts of the P1.Com site use cookies to collect information about visitors' use of the Web site and to facilitate return visits. The information collected from cookies is tracked to enhance security and/or to improve the functionality of the Web site by avoiding duplicate data entry, facilitating navigation, and increasing the relevance of content. Cookies on the site may collect the following information: a unique identifier, user preferences and profile information used to personalize the content that is shown, and membership information to access P1.Com's online communities. Cookies on the site, and the associated data, may be used for the purposes stated in Section 3 below. Some cookies used by greenpacket.com may remain on the user's computer after they leave the Web site, but the majority is set to expire within 30 - 365 days. (As discussed in more detail below, you can set your browser to alert you to cookies being placed, in which case a prompt screen will describe information about the cookie, its duration, and the server to which it is being returned). There may be some cookies on certain tools that are of longer duration. Cookies may also be of benefit to you by creating a more streamlined login process, keeping track of shopping cart additions and preserving order information between sessions. In the future, as we enable further customization of the site, cookies will help in assuring that information provided to you will be the most relevant to your needs.

While we do not offer an opt-out on the site for cookies, browsers provide you with information and control over cookies. You can set your Web browser to alert you when a cookie is being used. You can also get information on the duration of the cookie and what server your data is being returned to. You then have the opportunity to accept or reject the cookie. Additionally, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or accept only cookies returned to the originating servers. Users can generally disable the cookie feature on their browser without affecting their ability to use the site, except in some cases where cookies are used as an essential security feature necessary for transaction completion. 

**Embedded URLs:**  
In order to provide maximum site utility, P1.Com also uses a tracking technique that uses embedded URLs to allow use of the site without cookies. Embedded URLs manifest themselves as plain text or encoded extensions to the URL that appears in the browser address or location toolbar. This technology allows limited information to follow you as you navigate the site, but is not identified to personal data and is not used beyond the session. While this increases your ability to surf the site, it does not replace the functionality or streamlining of cookies and may limit your use of many convenience features offered by the site. 

**Embedded Pixels:**  
In an effort to provide users with the most relevant Web site content and marketing materials, we may also use embedded pixel technologies to help track site usage and marketing campaign responsiveness. On the Web site, these technologies are used on selected pages for the purposes of identifying unique user visits as opposed to aggregate hits. The site usage information collected by these technologies is associated with cookies and may provide data about site use by registered users of www.greenpacket.com Web sites. This information is used to evaluate site content, navigability and composition as well as page response rates. When these technologies are used in emails, they provide information on when the email was opened.

**3\. Data we collect and how we use it**

P1.Com collects data from users for the following purposes:

**To engage in transactions or communications.**  
Name, address, email, purchase details, and credit card/payment information may be collected and stored as part of the transaction history. The majority of the data collected under this category is business contact information. P1.Com may need to share some of this data (address, payment) with delivery services, credit card clearing houses and other similarly situated third parties that are required to accomplish the transaction. 

**To provide future service and support.**  
Information collected for this purpose is both contact data and information related to products and service/support requested. This information is also used to provide service, product update, and similar notices. 

**As a result of product download.**  
Users who download products under trial licenses and purchasers of products may be contacted to confirm certain information about their orders, for example, that they did not experience problems in the download process. 

**To select content.**  
Data may be collected to help create Web site content and navigation that is most relevant and user friendly. This includes data collected as a result of site navigation as well as data provided in forms. 

**To respond to user inquiries and requests for information.**  
This data includes registrations for newsletters and specific requests for further information. 

**To provide various P1.Com communities, such as partners, with relevant product alerts and updates.**  
These updates are related to product releases, prices, terms, special offers and associated campaigns. This data is sent out as part of the program member signing up for the relevant program or online account.   
**  
To better tailor marketing to user needs.**  
We may use information from purchases and requirements to provide you with timely and pertinent notices of product releases and service developments that address your needs and requirements. 

**To better respond to requests for service or quotes for product and equipment purchase.**  
P1.Com will pass contact information to the appropriate P1.Com sales person, distributor, reseller, or consultant for follow-up related to P1.Com products or services. P1.Com may also ask if you wish to have your contact information shared with other selected partners that offer complementary products or services related to your inquiry. If you agree, data is provided to those partners for purpose of responding to your request for service or information. Please review the privacy policy of the specific partner regarding any further interactions with that partner.

**To provide information on educational events or relevant partner products.**  
We occasionally co-sponsor events with partners or present at partner events that provide services of potential benefit to P1.Com users. We or our event partners may provide information on such events and services and/or relevant partner products. To help assure respect of your information, we maintain control of the data we collect or limit the use by these partners of data we collect.

**To power joint sales or product promotions.**  
P1.Com and its partners may engage in joint events or provide bundled products. Such promotions will always reference the partners involved. Both P1.Com and the partner(s) will have access to that information. We recommend you review the privacy policies of these partners to address your particular needs and concerns.

**From referral / "tell a friend" function.**  
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. P1.Com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. P1.Com uses this data for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact P1.Com at[ pdm@packet-1](mailto:pdm@packet-1).com to be removed from the referral program.

**As a result of your registration for / attendance at an P1.Com conference or event.**  
Those existing customers or registered Greenpacket.com users who sign up for a conference or event may be contacted prior to the event to see if any meetings, special demonstrations or other customer facilitation may be provided. This contact is in addition to any contact that may be required to confirm payment or provide logistical information and updates related to the conference. Attendees of such events may also be contacted after the event to see if any further information is required or follow up is appropriate. This information will be used only by P1.Com, designated partners or conference sponsors and will not be released to other third parties. To help assure respect of your data, we maintain control of the data and require that use of the data by these partners is limited to that which is expressly relevant to your profile. Please consult the supplemental privacy statement on the specific conference site for more detailed information. 

**As a result of your participation in interactive discussions and public forums.**  
There are parts of the Web site that permit you to participate in interactive discussions. Some of these are moderated; all are subject to access for technical reasons. P1.Com does not control the content that users post and some may serve as public discussion forums. As in any interactive forum open to many users, you should carefully consider whether you wish to submit data and should tailor any other content submitted appropriately. 

**To address performance and fix issues.**  
On occasion, patches and other fixes to software, such as security patches addressing newly discovered vulnerabilities, are developed by P1.Com. We may communicate the availability of these patches or fixes to registered owners of software and parties who have identified themselves to us as users or developers.

**As a result of legal requirements.**  
P1.Com may be required to provide data to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal process requirements.

**4\. Customization, preferences, and opt-out**

Establishing an online registration profile at Greenpacket.com allows visitors the ability to opt in (or out) of communities and provides them with control over their preferences for electronic information delivery. 

**Communications Choices.**  
P1.Com recognizes that users may not wish to be contacted about new or related products. Greenpacket.com allows you to opt out of some, or all, email marketing that may result from use of the site. If you have any problems, please send an email to marketing@greenpacket.com, indicate opt-out in the subject line and specify what problem you have encountered in the body of the message. 

Please note that some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out. These include communications related to product download; communications about sales transactions; information about software updates, patches and fixes; disclosures to comply with legal requirements; and communications with partners about product alerts and updates. 

**Information-Sharing Choices.**  
P1.Com only shares data with selected companies after providing users the ability to either opt out of or opt into the sharing. There are limitations to opting out in the case of (1) joint sale or joint events where the data goes to both P1.Com and the other party at the same time; (2) where the customer has requested follow up which involves P1.Com partners; and (3) where third parties are required to accomplish the transaction, including delivery and credit card clearing services. There may also be some cases where data is shared with third parties as a necessary function of the service, for example, posting comments to a bulletin board or posting an opportunity to an exchange, where data is available to all users. Other examples include attendance at educational or conference events where third parties and P1.Com partners may be involved in providing services or sponsorship of a conference, seminar, training session, or event. As we further develop our preference tools, we will endeavor to have our partners join in their use to provide the user with a more seamless and streamlined environment. 

**Third Party Permission-Based Lists.**  
On occasion, P1.Com may use a third party permission-based list to send communications about P1.Com products and services. These are lists maintained by third parties whose users have consented to receive emails from other companies, such as P1.Com. We do not have access to the names and contact information on these lists; the third party that has the direct relationship with these users maintains the list and the opt-outs, removes, and un-subscribes. We require the list owners to identify themselves as the mailers of the email and to provide appropriate opt-out mechanisms. If you wish to be removed from a third-party list, you should direct your opt-out request to the list owner, not to P1.Com. Nevertheless, if you have trouble opting out, or if you wish to make us aware of any issues related to a third-party mailing, you may contact us directly at [pdm@packet-1.com](mailto:pdm@packet-1.com). When third-party mailings are sent with a P1.Com reply address, P1.Com also will provide a notice with information about how to opt-out of future P1.Com marketing communications. 

Please contact us at marketing@greenpacket.com if you believe you have mistakenly received information after opting out or if you would like to opt out of receiving information and have been unable to use the opt-out mechanisms provided.

**5\. Account access**

P1.Com has provided you the ability to create an account or profile of information. We maintain the data and allow you to update it at any time. To change this information, please login as usual and follow the prompts to "update my profile". We continue to work to increase the scope of information that you may access and update. Please contact us at marketing@greenpacket.com should you require further assistance concerning your information or if you have trouble accessing your profile; please indicate access in the subject line and let us know what the access problem is in the body of the message.

While the majority of questions and issues related to access can be handled quickly, complex requests may take more research and time. In such cases, access issues will either be addressed within thirty days or you will be contacted regarding the nature of the problem and appropriate next steps.

**6\. Advertising**

P1.Com uses some third parties to administer a limited set of P1.Com advertisements on its Web sites. No data is provided to the advertisers as part of this process, but aggregate profile information, such as user community, may be used in the selection of advertising to make sure that it has relevance to the user. On some banner ads, an embedded pixel may be present, and while it does not associate with a cookie or other personal profile information, it may return session connection information that allows advertisers to better determine how many individual users have clicked on the ad banner.

**7\. Security**

P1.Com is concerned with the security of the data we have collected and has in place reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to that information. These measures include policies, procedures, and technical elements relating to data access controls. In addition, P1.Com uses standard security protocols and mechanisms to exchange the transmission of sensitive data such as credit card details.

In the event that individual personal data is acquired, or is reasonably believed to have been acquired, by an unauthorized person and applicable law requires notification, P1.Com will notify the affected individual of the breach by email or fax or, if P1.Com is unable to contact the individual by email or fax, then by mail. Notice will be given promptly, consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement and any measures necessary for P1.Com or law enforcement to determine the scope of the breach and to assure or restore the integrity of the data system. P1.Com may delay notification if P1.Com or a law enforcement agency determines that the notification will impede a criminal investigation, unless and until P1.Com or the agency determines that notification will not compromise the investigation.

**8\. Third-party sites**

P1.Com's website contains links to other sites. P1.Com does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. 

Our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a P1.Com logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by P1.Com. Although we choose our business partners carefully, P1.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy statement of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.

**9\. Policy update**

P1.Com will amend this privacy statement from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.

**10\. Questions or suggestions**

If you have any suggestions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please email us at [pdm@packet-1.com ](mailto:pdm@packet-1.com)
