> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ajronline.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171227193627id_/http%3A//www.arrs.org/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Because your privacy is important to you and to ARRS, ARRS will operate [http://www.arrs.org](http://www.arrs.org/) and any related mobile application, product or service, collectively referred to hereafter as ARRS’ Services, by the following principles. By using the ARRS Services, you consent to this privacy policy.

  1. Personal Information: There are portions of the ARRS Services that will ask you for personally identifiable information. This information, including first and last name, address, e-mail address, facsimile number, telephone number, and payment information, together with any additional information you provide to ARRS, will not be processed or disclosed by ARRS except as permitted by this policy or as required or allowed by applicable law or legal process.
  2. The ARRS Services is not designed to attract children under 13 years old, and members are required to be 18 years of age or older. Accordingly, ARRS will not knowingly collect or maintain information at the ARRS Services for children.
  3. Protection of Personal Information: ARRS endeavors to protect the security of data collected on the ARRS Services. ARRS has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information ARRS collects online in accordance with industry standards. When ARRS contracts with third parties to perform any services supporting the Web site, ARRS will endeavor to protect the security of personal information. 
  4. Use of Personal Information and Opt-Out Policy: ARRS uses your personal information to operate the ARRS Services; to contact you; to effect, enforce, investigate, collect on, and account for transactions related to the ARRS Web site; to maintain your entry in ARRS’ membership database; to adjust ARRS’ offerings of products and services; to license mailing labels of ARRS members to include first name; last name; address including street name, city, state/province, and zip/postal code; and to comply with applicable law. If you prefer to be excluded from mailing lists licensed by ARRS, please click here [membership@arrs.org](mailto:membership@arrs.org?subject=Opt-Out%20ARRS%20Mailing%20List) and indicate this is an e-mail message to ARRS. 
  5. ARRS uses your IP address to analyze trends, track a user’s movement through the web site and mobile products, help diagnose problems with ARRS’ server, and to administer ARRS’ Services. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. ARRS also uses Google Analytics to help analyze the performance of our website. Cookies also give us insight into demographic and interest data. None of the data acquired is personally identifiable. ARRS does not combine personally identifiable information we obtain through other methods with data from Google Analytics.  You can prevent Google Analytics from using cookies by installing the [Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/). To understand how Google uses data when you use partner sites, visit [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). 
  6. The ARRS Services contains links to other sites, including to cosponsors of ARRS meetings and courses. ARRS may share information obtained from attendees of courses, conferences, or meetings with cosponsors of such courses to include first name; last name; address including street name, city, state/province, zip/postal code, and e-mail address. ARRS is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of the Web sites of its cosponsors. 
  7. ARRS uses outside companies to ship orders, to engage in conference, meeting and course planning and registration and to process credit cards when billing users for products and services. ARRS will endeavor to to protect the security of personal information. 
  8. Optional Consent to Share and Receive Information: ARRS may share your information with carefully selected organizations including other associations, educational institutions, government agencies, exhibitors, corporate members, etc. These other organizations are not bound by this privacy policy, and you should contact them directly for information on their use of your data. 
  9. Disclosure of Personal Information: The ARRS Services may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including but not limited to making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to: (a) conform to legal or regulatory requirements or comply with legal process; and (b) protect the rights, safety or property of ARRS, the ARRS Services or others (including but not limited to other providers, suppliers and vendors), or the users of the ARRS Services or the public. 
  10. Process to Review and Update Personal Information: ARRS members have the ability to review and update their contact information using the ARRS Services. Members login to the site and provide their unique login and password. Contact information may be reviewed using “My Account.” The “edit” button allows members to update their contact information including first name; last name; address including street name, city, state/province, zip/postal code, and e-mail address. The “submit” button is used to transmit updated information to the ARRS membership database. 
  11.  Notification of Updates to the Privacy Policy: ARRS will notify consumers of material changes made to the Privacy Policy on the front page of the Web site for 30 days from the time of implementation. 
  12. Accountability: If at any time you believe that the ARRS Web site has not adhered to these principles, please notify the American Roentgen Ray Society, 44211 Slatestone Ct., Leesburg, VA 20176-5109.  [Webmaster@arrs.org](mailto:Webmaster@arrs.org) 


