> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nbr.gov.bd privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625113133id_/http%3A//www.nbr.gov.bd/privacy_policy.php%3Flan%3Deng) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# National Board of Revenue (NBR), Bangladesh

  


##### General

Our Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via the NBR VAT Portal. Whenever you use this Portal, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

  


##### Ways that we collect information

Some areas of the Portal require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features (such as online VAT Registration, online VAT Return filing and other online services). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional.

Some of this information may be personal (information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, email address, phone number etc).

  


##### Monitoring of email

We may monitor email communications with NBR (this includes any NBR member of staff). Any such monitoring will take place in accordance with the law.

  


##### Web statistics

We use log files generated by our web servers to analyze Portal usage and statistics but the files do not identify any personal information. Log file analysis helps us to understand usage patterns on our web Portal and to make improvements to our service.

  


##### Disclosure

Except as otherwise stated, we may use information you provide via this Portal to improve the content, to customize the Portal to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for internal marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.

We do not disclose any information you provide via the Portal to any third parties or other government departments except where:

1\. Such disclosures are necessary to fulfill our service obligations to you in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

2\. Required by applicable laws, courts orders, or government regulations (for example to prevent or detect crime or collection legal amount of taxes). 

  


##### Access to and correction of personal information

We will take all reasonable steps in accordance with our legal obligations to update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession that you submit via this Portal.

  


##### Security

NBR has a legal duty to protect the confidentiality of taxpayer information. We take all reasonable steps to protect any information you submit via our web Portal, both online and offline, in accordance with legislation.

We take all appropriate steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our Portal and to protect such information for loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. 

Where you use passwords, User ID numbers, or other special access features on this Portal, you also have a responsibility to take reasonable steps to safeguard them.

  


##### Links to other websites

This Portal contains links and references to other web sites. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those web sites and we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every web sites you visit.

  


##### Notification of changes to our Privacy Policy

We will post details of any changes to our Privacy Policy on the web Portal to help ensure you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and in what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties. 

  
This Privacy Policy was posted on **May 2012.**
