> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pgadmin.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130325031119id_/http%3A//www.pgadmin.org/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# pgAdmin: Privacy policy

## Standard logging

When you visit our website, our servers automatically log your IP address and/or host name.

## Personal data

We store information such as your email address, name and locality only if you decide to send us such information by completing a survey, or registering as a user on one of our sites. We collect this information to help us improve the content of our sites, customize the layout of our web pages and to contact people for technical and support purposes. We will not share your email address with other organizations unless required by law.

## Demographic data

We may collect demographic and interest category information from people via surveys, volunteered information, suggestions from members, and other means. Our members may voluntarily provide information, including that regarding personal, interests, geography, and demographics. The purpose of this data collection is to ensure we continue to understand the needs and wants of the PostgreSQL community, and therefore can provide the most relevant information, guides, and content.

## Google analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
