> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ohdela.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171226225319id_/http%3A//ohdela.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - OHDELA

This policy explains how White Hat Management, LLC (“White Hat”) collects, uses and shares information about you and the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected, used and shared. Your use of White Hat’s website signifies your acceptance of the terms of this policy.

Attention: Webmaster White Hat Management, LLC  
159 South Main Street, Suite 600  
Akron, OH 44308

**Sites Covered by this Privacy Policy:  **This Privacy Policy applies to all services and sub-sites provided or made available under the following addresses: www.whitehatmgmt.com; www.lifeskillscenters.com; www.online.lifeskillscenters.com; www.hope-academies.com; www.ohdela.com; www.cdela.com; www.pdela.com; www.thinkdela.com; and www.mydela.com (collectively the “Sites”). By visiting this website, you are agree to the current terms of this Privacy Policy. You further agree that White Hat shall have the right to amend these terms at any time by making the amended policy available on one or more web pages on the Sites.

**Types of Information Collected on White Hat’s Sites:**  There are two types of information collected on White Hat’s websites: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. a. Personally Identifiable Information Personally Identifiable Information (“personal information”) is information that identifies you as an individual, such as your name, mailing address, email address, and age range. Personal information is obtained only when you voluntarily provide such information to us. White Hat uses personal information to better understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. For example, you may be asked to voluntarily submit your email address to us when communicating with us or to submit your name and email address when entering a sweepstakes or contest. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you authorize White Hat to use such information to contact you. b. Non-Personally Identifiable Information Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“non-personal information”) is information that does not identify you as an individual. Non-personal information includes your browser type, IP address, the URL of the previous web site you visited, your browsing activity on the Sites, and other non-personal information. White Hat may automatically collect certain types of non-personal information from you when using its Sites. You also authorize White Hat to collect non-personal information in this manner. You also authorize White Hat to collect any non-personal information that you may choose to voluntarily provide, such as information included in an anonymous response to a questionnaire or survey.

**How We Collect Information:**  White Hat collects data both when you provide information to us voluntarily and when you automatically provide information through your use of its Sites. a. Information You Provide Voluntarily If you choose to use certain services on the Sites, we may require you to provide contact and identity information. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. If you choose not to use a particular service or feature, you do not have to provide the contact or identity information it calls for. b. Information You Provide Automatically IP Address. The Sites may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, server monitoring and diagnosis, and compiling aggregate information. When you visit a particular web page on any Sites, our servers may log your IP address. Cookies. White Hat Sites may use cookie technology to improve your experience on the Sites and gather data for web site statistical reporting. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web site that is saved on your computer by your web browser. It holds information a site may need to personalize your experience and gathers web site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded, your Internet Service Provider’s domain name and location, and the addresses of referring sites. By using the Sites, you authorize White Hat to collect information through the use of cookies, provided that your browser is configured to accept them. Web Beacons. The Sites may use web beacons to serve advertising, enhance email advertising, and your track usage. If you visit a page on the Sites that contains a web beacon, it communicates with your computer to determine, among other things, whether you have been to that page before, or viewed a particular advertisement.

**Who We Share Information With:  **White Hat may employ other companies and individuals (“agents”) to perform services on behalf of White Hat Sites, such as sending emails, providing marketing assistance, web site management and analyzing data. Such agents will have access to personal and non-personal information only as necessary to perform these services and are not permitted to use it for any other purpose. White Hat may also work with other companies (“partners”) to provide co-branded services or promotions. To provide such services to you, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our partners. The partner will only be able to use the information as necessary to perform the requested service or in aggregate form for statistical reporting. When you go to other web sites, including those that link to or from our site, those other sites may collect personal and non-personal information about you. The information practices of those other sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. You agree that White Hat has no liability or responsibility for those sites or their own policies. We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies on those sites. White Hat reserves the right to share your personal information with third parties if it believes such action is necessary in order to: (a) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us; (b) protect or defend its legal rights or property, White Hat Sites, or other users; or (c) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the Terms and Conditions of the White Hat Sites.

**Opting Out:**  If you provide your email address, White Hat may periodically send you email messages describing updates, new features, and/or news related to the Sites. You can choose to stop receiving this email by following the unsubscribe instructions included in your email. If you do not explicitly choose to receive informational emails, the only email messages you will receive from White Hat will be in response to email inquiries that you initiate.

**Children’s online Privacy protection:**  The Sites do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that personal information on a child under the age of 13 has been collected, White Hat will delete that information from our systems.

**Information Security:**  No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. You agree that White Hat cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to using the Sites and that any transmissions you make are at your own risk.

**Contacting US:  **If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy and/or the way it affects you, please feel free to contact us by: Sending an e-mail request to info@whitehatmgmt.com or Sending a letter via US Mail to:

**TERMS AND CONDITIONS:  **This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms of Service for the Sites. You can access the full Terms of Service at www.whitehatmgmt.com/terms.
