> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vans.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525215441id_/http%3A//www.vans.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vans.com Skate Shoes, Girls, Apparel, Kids, Skateparks, Contests, Music and more!

PRIVACY POLICY At vans.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy. What information do we collect? How do we use it? 1 - When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. 2 - When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. 3 - We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the store. 4 - We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our Web site, new vans.com services, and special offers we think you might find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, visit your vans.com registration page to change your preferences. Make sure to change your preferences for each account or e-mail address with which you have provided us. How do we keep your customer information safe? When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. Does vans.com use "cookies"? "Cookies" are the small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as the ability to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them. Will vans.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties? Vans.com does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can choose to tell us not to by modifying your profile on the customer registration page. Also, vans.com may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. Summary We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at vans.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information others. If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us, visit your vans.com registration to change your preferences. Remember to change your preferences for each of the e-mail accounts you have given us. Your Consent By using this web site you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to VANS, Inc. and its affiliates. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we always collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it
