> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eslvideo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061228185631id_/http%3A//eslvideo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ESL Video: Privacy Policy | ESLVideo.com

**ESL Video, Inc.,**  
Privacy Policy for ESLvideo.com.

ESL VIDEO, INC. IS COMMITTED TO PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF ITS SUBSCRIBERS AND USERS OF ITS ONLINE SERVICES. WE FOLLOW THESE POLICIES: 

**E-mail Addresses.**  
We ask users who register for our online services to provide us with their e-mail addresses. These addresses are used only to send news and, when necessary, account information to those subscribers. **ESL Video, Inc. never sells, rents, or lends e-mail addresses of users to anyone.**

E-mailed news may contain advertising, and such advertising may be "targeted" based on demographic information, e-mail domains, or zip codes. Such targeting is done through processes internal to ESL Video, Inc., and information from subscribers is not made available to advertisers or anyone else outside ESL Video, Inc..

Users can stop receiving news from ESLvideo.com at any time. Instructions for stopping news from ESLvideo.com appear at the end of each e-mail message.

E-mail addresses that we obtain as part of our "E-mail this page to a friend" service are used only to provide that service. We do not share them with anyone or use them for any other purpose.

**Usernames and Passwords.**  
Each person who registers to use this service has a username and password. Users may log in with the password generated by ESL Video, Inc., then choose their own password at any time by visiting their "My Account: Settings" page.   
Passwords are the private property of the subscriber. For reasons of security and privacy, we do not give out passwords to anyone. If you forget your username or password, you can send yourself an e-mail reminder by visiting the "Forgot Your Password" page.

**Cookies.**  
"Cookies" are bits of data sent from a Web server to a user's machine to be retrieved later for purposes of identification. When you visit ESL Video, Inc. and create an account, we set and access cookies on your computer. We use cookies for a number of reasons, such as recognizing you when you visit the website and maintaining the security of your account.

Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Consequently, your Web browser is probably set to accept cookies. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to do so, however, you should understand that it is possible that some areas of our website will not function properly when you view them.

**Survey Information.**  
ESL Video, Inc. may ask subscribers or other users to provide feedback about our services. We may decide to post your feedback on our "Reviews" page. Providing this information is optional.

**Financial Information.**  
ESL Video, Inc. collects financial information (credit-card numbers) only to bill for subscriptions. Because we use a payment platform hosted by VeriSign (on a secure VeriSign server), your Credit Card information is secure. Credit card information collected via the Verisign Payment Gateway is not stored on our server.

**Links to Other Webwebsites.**  
This website contains links to other webwebsites. ESL Video, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those webwebsites.

**Public Forums.**  
This webwebsite operates forums. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in those areas is public.

**Modifying or Canceling Services.**  
Subscribers can modify settings and information in our database by visiting their "My Account" pages.

**Contacting ESL Video, Inc.**  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of ESL Video, Inc. or its online service, or any other aspects of this website, please [ contact us](http://www.eslvideo.com/feedback).
