> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hufmagazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171210160943id_/http%3A//hufmagazine.com/privacy-2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy – HUF Magazine

Privacy Policy

Last Updated: May 23, 2016

HUF Magazine (HUF) enables its users (“they“, “their“, “you“ or “your“), via its website (//www.hufmagazine.com) (the “Website”), its services or other means, to access content, comment and interact. HUF is owned and operated by HUF Magazine (“its“, “HUF”, “we” or “us”).

Your use of the Website is subject to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”)

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.

We are committed to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you through our Website and we have created this Privacy Policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your personal information, and our privacy practices in general.

We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to contact Customer Service, please contact us at //hufmagazine.com/contact-us/.

We continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with the Website and we may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. You are strongly encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy for the most recent version. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice on the Website or otherwise as practical.

Terms of Service. Use of the Website is subject to the terms of our Terms of Service, which is hereby incorporated into and made part of this Privacy Policy. Please carefully review our Terms of Service. By using the Website, you agree to be bound by the terms of our Terms of Service.

Types and Uses of Collected Information. HUF collects two types of information about you:

Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, email address, phone number, or other contact information. When you engage in certain activities on this Website or through other participation, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your name, address (including zip code), email address, telephone number, and date of birth. We may also ask you to provide us with additional information, such as credit card information. Depending on the Identification Activity, some of the information we ask you to provide may be identified as mandatory and some identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular Identification Activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that Identification Activity. Depending on the Identification Activity, HUF may not ask you again for Personally Identifiable Information if such are already stored with us.

If you choose to refer someone to HUF, we will ask you for your referral’s contact information, such as their name and email address. We may then send your friend an email inviting them to visit the Website and/or engage in other activities. HUF stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email and maintaining services. Your friend may contact us to request that we remove their contact information from our records.

We may use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and/or services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website and our services, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve the Website and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided below in this Privacy Policy. If you use our Website to send information to another person, we may store your personal information. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

We may keep a cached copy of the content you provide us, including media files. HUF may keep call log, notification log, billing/payment, and other log data.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to our Website or otherwise participation, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy.

We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website and services, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.

Release of Personally Identifiable Information. We will not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:

Authorized Third Party Service Providers. HUF may provide services and products through third parties. You also may elect to use one or more third party applications that integrate with HUF services. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our or your behalf. You or We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Third Party Service Providers to fulfill orders, move data, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, operate the Website and services, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Third Party Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. We encourage Affiliates and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

Acquisition. As with any other company, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.

As required by law. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, our users, staff, or others.

Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliates and Third Party Service Providers, and Third Party Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with “Third Party Advertisers” or “Third Party Advertising Companies.” We may use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website or services. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this Website, your use of services, and visits to other websites or locations in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer our Website and services, in order to constantly improve their quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Third Party Advertisers. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by HUF.

Updating Information. We encourage you to update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes, as out-of-date Personally Identifiable Information may negatively affect the quality of your use and experience. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions. Additionally, it may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.

Choices on Collection/Use of Information. You can always choose not to provide certain information, although a certain level of information is required to engage in activities on the Website and to use services. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to a your activity on the Website and services, and include but are not limited to emails regarding a your account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. If you do not want to receive promotional emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time by contacting us.

Security of Information. We may encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. However, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies that do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website or services, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

Data Tracking Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website and services, we may store cookies on your computer or other similar device through which you access the Website or services. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or other device for record-keeping purposes which contains information about you. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website and services, remind us who you are, and track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited, what links you clicked on, and how you used the Website or services. We may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer or similar device. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website and HUF controlled services only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, however you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website or the services may not work properly.

Other Tracking Devices. We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or marketing partners for the same purposes.

Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on //www.hufmagazine.com and via HUF services. Other websites or services that may be accessible through this Website or the HUF services, such as Third Party Service Providers, may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you use, link or visit any such website, we urge you review the website’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

Privacy Settings. As a user, you may have limited access to privacy settings. These settings help hide information you wish to share with other users and/or the public. It is up to you to select the appropriate privacy settings. If you don’t agree with the available privacy settings, please stop using the Website and the relevant services.

Public Areas. We may provide areas on our Website or via services where you can publicly post information about yourself including your location, can communicate with others such as discussion boards, chat rooms, or blogs. This information may be accessible by other non-users, users, and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any content or providing anything that could be deemed personal information.

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for HUF services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us immediately.

Customer Service. For assistance or questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may email us at //hufmagazine.com/contact-us/.
