> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvtag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170106233444id_/https%3A//telfie.com/docs/privacy%3Futm_source%3Dtelfie.com%26utm_medium%3Dnetwork%26utm_campaign%3Dtelfie%2520footer) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Telfie - Privacy

#### Privacy and Cookie Policy

Telfie operates an online social networking platform at Telfie.com and on mobile applications (hereinafter referred to as Telfie). A range services is offered on the Telfie platform. These services include, for example, the possibility of creating a profile page, participating in chats and groups, uploading media such as photographs, texts and games and purchasing virtual items or other services. The users of Telfie and services of the Telfie platform are hereinafter referred to as “Users”. 

The privacy of our users is important to us and, as described in this Privacy and Cookie Policy, we have designed the Service to protect information about you from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share your personally identifying information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, as such policy may be amended from time to time. We may update the Privacy Policy and if we do, we shall post a notice that changes have been made on our website http://telfie.com

You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy. 

##### What information we collect from you

Personal User data shall be collected, processed and used by Telfie without further explicit consent only for purposes of completing a contract (including billing), as long as Telfie is not required by law to disclose such data. The collection, usage and processing of data are all carried out electronically. Telfie, however, reserves the right to inform the User electronically about other games and related services which are offered by Telfie and without the explicit consent of the User but within legal constraints, as long as the User does not object. The User has the right to object at any time without having to incur additional costs other than those costs for delivering the objection at standard published prices. For advertising and market research purposes and for designing the Services as needed, Telfie creates usage profiles using pseudonyms. The User has the right to object to the processing and usage of his/her data in this manner at any time. At the request of the User, Telfie shall immediately provide the User with information free of charge concerning all saved data pertaining to his/her person or pseudonym. In general, this information shall be provided to the User via electronic means of communication. 

Telfie is permitted to transmit the User’s payment information to other service providers or third parties insofar as this is required for determining User fees and billing. Telfie shall inform the User of the name of third party involved. Telfie is authorized to pass on the payment information of a User to a third party charged with collecting payment fees if and when this information is necessary and required to fulfil this purpose. Telfie shall not transmit User data or the content of the User’s private messages to third parties without obtaining the User’s consent, as long as Telfie is not required by law to disclose such information. 

We recommend that minors under the age of 18 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet. Telfie gives you a number of options regarding what information you shall give us: When you register a profile with Telfie, your profile including any information (name, address, gender) shall be registered with Telfie. When you identify yourself on Telfie, you may identify yourself using a Telfie account. When you identify yourself on a Telfie site, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which Telfie may receive additional information about your profile. In each case, we shall collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any “Personally Identifying Information” about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.), exception being for billing and payments where we store your billing information such as name, street address, phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used Telfie or SNS Apps (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy. In addition to information about yourself, you may choose to share information about yourself in other content ("Content"), such as in games. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and at your own discretion. When you use an SNS App on your social network page or use an SNS App on someone else's page, we may record information regarding the use of that SNS App, and we may collect other information that is visible on your social network page in accordance with the relevant terms of use associated with that page. Note that since some Telfie Software is served through SNS Apps, it is your responsibility to read and accept their Terms of Use, as well as Privacy Policy prior to continuing. When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content. We may use information about you that we collect from other sources, including but not limited to newspapers and Internet sources such as blogs, instant messaging services, and other users of Telfie, to supplement your profile. Telfie may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Telfie. You should also be aware that most content delivered through Telfie originates with another content provider. Such other content providers may place “cookies” on your browser, or otherwise gather information about you, including by asking you to provide information through the site itself. Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users accessing the Telfie site or using SNS Apps on other sites, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, check-ins, ratings, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time (“Activity Information”). By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information in anonymous form as long as Telfie sees fit. 

##### Protecting personal information

We strive to protect personal information while it is under our control. Your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To help protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. You are also responsible for all uses of telfie and applications by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been compromised or misused. 

##### Others' Information

You may decide to provide us with another person's email address so that person may be invited to join Telfie or so that we may facilitate your communication with other people through the Service (such as when you upload an address book). You may also provide us with another person's contact information for purposes of delivering information through SNS Apps. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been invited to join Telfie or received content through an SNS App. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from Telfie. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above. 

##### Third-Party Advertising Companies

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our site and apps. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Activity Information, Telfie's cookies on your hard drive, your visits on our platform that you view and the SNS Apps you use to target advertising within our platform or SNS Apps. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site. Telfie does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks Telfie to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach. 

##### Cookies

The Service sends "cookies" to your computer when you access Telfie, or use an SNS App and the Service uses such cookies as described in here. The Service uses cookies to improve the quality of our service, make recommendations, and make the Service easier to use for our users. A cookie is a small text file recorded on your hard drive that identifies you as a unique user and contains certain information about your particular login session and/or your use of the Service. 

##### Policy regarding children under the age of 13

Telfie's Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 and Telfie does not knowingly collect nor solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allows such persons to access our Service. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents or guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet. 

##### Controlling Your Personal Information

Be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information, that information may be collected and used by others. You can terminate your account at any time which shall remove your profile and other personal information from view. Telfie, however, may (but is not obligated to) keep information about you that is on its system following your termination. Please contact Telfie to terminate your account or for any other questions about your personal information. 

##### Links to other websites of applications

Links from the Telfie applications to third party Web sites or applications are provided for your convenience. In addition, content in Telfie applications may be hosted by other websites or applications. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages or applications is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy, not ours. These other sites and applications maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. It is up to you to review those policies yourself. 

##### Communication

If you contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply. We may use your personal information submitted in your communications to contact and respond to you. 

##### Accessing, correcting and deleting your personal information

Telfie takes your privacy seriously and works in a transparent way. In that sense, upon providing sufficient identification (to protect others' privacy), you can request information from us about the personal information we hold in relation to you and you can correct any inaccurate data we hold.   
Furthermore, you can change or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information found in your Telfie account. However, by deleting the entirety of this information your account may become deactivated. 

##### Changes to this policy

Telfie may amend this Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Policy when you use the Service after such changes have been first posted. If you object to any change, your sole recourse shall be to immediately terminate your account and cease using the Site and Service. 

##### Questions or concerns

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at Telfie, please contact help@telfie.com 
