> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the harcourtschool.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000606041339id_/http%3A//www.harcourtschool.com/frontmatter/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Harcourt School Publishers: Customer Privacy Policy

  


Harcourt School Publishers recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers and of visitors to our Web site while permitting us to conduct legitimate business by providing services and information of interest to our customers and visitors. 

**Information about you collected on this Web site is subject to the following privacy policy. By disclosing the information to us, you agree to the terms of the policy.** **Collection and Storage of Information:**   
When you register for our services or purchase our products, we will collect certain personal information, including your name, address, and e-mail address. We maintain this information in our customer database. We may also collect additional information in connection with special offers, contests, or other promotions. We may use "cookies" to recognize you and your access privileges on our site, as well as to trace site usage. **Use of Information:**   
We use this information to provide the service or product requested; to enable billing and shipping; to provide you with information about related products and services, based on the preferences you have indicated; to improve our Web site; for development of new products and services; and for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. From time to time, we share our customer lists with other reputable organizations whose products and services may be of interest to our customers. We will not share your e-mail address with parties outside the Harcourt family of companies, and we offer you the option not to have your other information shared with parties outside the Harcourt family of companies. We will not share personal information, such as mother's maiden name or credit card numbers, with third parties unless we notify you otherwise at the point where we collect the information. We will not disclose information concerning individuals' usage of our sites to third parties except in aggregate form. **Your Rights:**   
You may review and approve the information about you collected upon registration in our customer database. Upon request, we will remove that information from our customer database or change/correct personal information that you state is erroneous. However, you should understand that information about you in our databases may come from a number of sources, including orders placed by you and third party mailing lists. **Privacy Contact:**   
Direct your questions regarding this policy to Harcourt School Publishers at [hspwebmaster@harcourtschool.com](mailto:hspwebmaster@harcourtschool.com). Harcourt School Publishers is not responsible for the privacy policies of Web sites to which this site may link. 
