> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hardrock.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000614012848id_/http%3A//www.hardrock.com/policy/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hard Rock Online Privacy Policy

  
All individual visitor information will be used exclusively by Hard Rock. It is not Hard Rock's intention to share this information with third parties. Hard Rock may capture implicit information from users who visit our web site for aggregate statistical analysis and site customization. Implicit information is data that we can gather about site visitors without their explicit participation in the data entry process. Importantly, aggregate statistical analysis means that Hard Rock reviews trends based on information as a whole, but does not do so in an effort to identify the individual identity of the visitor to its site. Specific examples of the kind of implicit information tracked are IP addresses, domain name, referring URL, browser type, platform type, onsite clickstream. IP addresses may be logged to track a user's session. An IP address is the unique numerical identity of your computer. When we "log" an IP address, it means that our web site associates a visit or series of visits to that unique numerical identity. Hard Rock may also use cookies in order to assist in aggregate statistical analysis and sometimes provide site customization based on anonymous session tracking. In other words, Hard Rock uses cookies to determine trends for users as a whole, but not as means to learn about your individual identity. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to determine the actual identity of users. On their own, they can be used to identify a computer, but not who is using that computer. Because of this, if Hard Rock customizes the site based on cookies, we won't know who you are unless you tell us. Hard Rock collects the visitor's domain name (e.g., whether the user is logged on from www.mindspring.com), referral data (e.g. we record the last URL a user visited prior to clicking to www.hardrock.com), as well as browser and platform type (e.g., a Microsoft browser on a Macintosh platform). We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our sites (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within www.hardrock.com). When and if Hard Rock does present aggregated information to outside companies, no one would be able to identify you or contact you.

If you would like to review or update personal information you have previously provided to us, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy statement or policies, please contact us at: [webeditor@hardrock.com](mailto:webeditor@hardrock.com). 
