> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the harley-davidson.asia privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201101607id_/http%3A//www.harley-davidson.com/content/h-d/en_AP/footer/utility/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Harley-Davidson International

**Harley-Davidson, Inc.'s Online Privacy Policy**  
**as of 7/17/2007**  
**Who we are**  
This site is operated by Harley-Davidson, Inc. for itself and its subsidiaries and other affiliates ("Harley-Davidson"), including Harley-Davidson Motor Company, Buell Distribution Corporation and Buell Motorcycle Company (all of these subsidiaries and affiliates are collectively referred to in this privacy policy as "Harley-Davidson/Buell"). This privacy policy applies to the practices of Harley-Davidson/Buell with respect to the information it collects about you online at www.harley-davidson.com and www.buell.com. It does not apply to the practices of Harley-Davidson/Buell with respect to information it collects about you offline (e.g., through post cards or at rallies, demos, etc.) or at other Web sites.  
Please note, Harley-Davidson's Web site is located in the United States and Harley-Davidson may collect, store and process your personal information in the United States or in other countries outside of the country in which you live. The United States and/or these countries may not offer a level of privacy protection for your personal information as great as is offered in the country in which you live.  
**The information we collect**  
Harley-Davidson/Buell collects your Customer Identifiable Information if you visit this Web site and wish to obtain information regarding one of our products or services (e.g., rentals), enroll as a member in our communities (e.g., H.O.G.), request other information (e.g., investor information), or otherwise communicate with us about our offerings. "Customer Identifiable Information" means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from that information by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. The Customer Identifiable Information we collect about you can include name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, IP address, what Web sites visitors come from, which pages are visited at this Web site, and information about online activities that are directly linked to them. This information may be merged with other information Harley-Davidson/Buell already knows, such as whether you are the owner of a Harley-Davidson® or Buell® motorcycle, or whether you are a member of H.O.G.®.  
**How we use the information**  
Harley-Davidson/Buell will collect and use your Customer Identifiable Information to render services to you; respond to your inquiries; market and sell Harley-Davidson/Buell products, programs, and services to you; and market and sell Harley-Davidson/Buell branded products, programs, and services offered by its dealers, rental operators, and business alliance companies to you. "Business Alliance Companies" are third party businesses that have entered into a contract with Harley-Davidson/Buell to market, offer, sell, distribute, endorse, or sponsor a Harley-Davidson/Buell branded product, program, or service. In addition, Harley-Davidson/Buell may use Customer Identifiable Information to conduct other legitimate business activities, such as protecting the security of the Web site and of Harley-Davidson/Buell's networks, guarding against potential liability, engaging in debt collection, responding to a court order or subpoena, preventing fraud, complying with law, and complying with a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency or regulator.  
Harley-Davidson/Buell may transfer your Customer Identifiable Information to third parties who may use your Customer Identifiable Information to facilitate the purposes mentioned above. These third parties may include Harley-Davidson/Buell's distributors, dealers, Business Alliance Companies, advisors, and rental operators, companies providing products and services (such as IT systems suppliers) to Harley-Davidson/Buell and, to the extent required by law, regulatory authorities.  
If necessary for the purposes mentioned above, Harley-Davidson/Buell may transfer your Customer Identifiable Information to third parties and these third parties may use your Customer Identifiable Information for such purposes. These third parties may include Harley-Davidson/Buell's dealers, advisors, rental operators, companies providing products and services (such as IT systems suppliers) to Harley-Davidson/Buell and, to the extent required by law, regulatory authorities (including tax authorities). Harley-Davidson/Buell also may transfer your Customer Identifiable Information to its business alliance companies that have entered into a contract with Harley-Davidson to offer, endorse, or sponsor a Harley-Davidson/Buell branded product, program, or service.  
Harley-Davidson/Buell is in the process of requiring those third parties to whom we transfer your Customer Identifiable Information to use your Customer Identifiable Information only within the context of their agreement(s) with Harley-Davidson/Buell, and only for the purposes stated above, including direct marketing of products or services to you. At present, however, not all third parties are so bound and some third parties may use your Customer Identifiable Information for other purposes. You should be aware that these third parties may process and use your Customer Identifiable Information in the United States or in other countries outside of the country in which you live. Such countries may not offer a level of privacy protection for Customer Identifiable Information similar to that offered in your country.  
In addition, in the event that all or any part of the Harley-Davidson/Buell corporate family is sold to a third party, we may transfer Customer Identifiable information to the third party buyer as part of the assets of the business.  
We may share anonymous aggregated demographic and general trend information with entities other than Harley-Davidson/Buell or its dealers.  
**Our use of "cookies"**  
As is the case with many sites, we may place "cookies" or other devices on your computer. For example, when you first choose a country on the opening page of the Harley-Davidson Web site, a cookie will be placed on your computer so that next time you visit this site, the country version you chose earlier will be automatically loaded. We will also use cookies and other devices to determine which pages or information you find most useful or interesting at this Web site and for other purposes from time to time. However, we will not use "cookies" or other devices to follow your click stream on the Internet generally.  
Most browsers permit you to refuse to accept a "cookie" offered by a Web site. You will not be denied access to any part of www.harley-davidson.com or www.buell.com on account of your refusal to accept a "cookie," but your transactions through this Web site may be delayed due to the time it takes you to re-enter basic information necessary to complete a transaction.  
**Our approach to data security**  
To prevent unauthorized access to your Customer Identifiable Information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures.  
**Our commitment to children's privacy**  
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of children. For this reason, we do not collect or maintain information from children we know are under 13 except as permitted by law.  
**Collection of information by third parties**  
Our Web pages may offer promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain Customer Identifiable Information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the activity. We have no control over these parties' use of this information and we encourage you to consult their privacy policies for more information on their privacy practices.  
**How to contact us**  
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or its application, please write to us at Harley-Davidson, Inc., 3700 West Juneau Avenue, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53208 USA,  
or Attention: Chief Privacy Officer, Lim Cheng Huang via _[H-DOnlineAP@harley-davidson.com](mailto:h-donlineAP@harley-davidson.com)_.  
**Links**  
To improve your Web experience, and to offer you products in which you might be interested, we provide links to business alliance companies, Harley-Davidson/Buell dealers, and other third-party sites. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our Web site and connected to the Web site of the organization or company that you selected. Because Harley-Davidson/Buell does not control these sites, even if an affiliation exists between our Web site and a third party site, you are encouraged to review their individual privacy notices. If you visit a site that is linked to our site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any Customer Identifiable Information.  
**Changes in practices**  
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and any changes will be posted here. If we materially change our privacy practices to permit us to share more information about you than we stated we would share, or to permit disclosures of information about you to additional types of parties, we will take reasonable measures to inform you of these changes in advance. You will then have a reasonable opportunity to change your opt-out preference.  
**Legal Notice**  
A link to our Legal Notice can be found in the footer of every page on the Harley-Davidson, Inc. Web site.
