> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the harmonymails.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181223214400id_/http%3A//harmonymails.com/privacypolicy.HTML) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Privacy Policy

**Harmony Mails Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

## **Definitions**

  * **Service**

Service is the http://harmonymails.com website operated by Harmony Mails

  * **Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

  * **Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

  * **Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

  * **Data Controller**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

  * **Data Processors (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

  * **Data Subject (or User)**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.




**What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?**

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your or other details to help you with your experience.

**When do we collect information?**

We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.

**How do we use your information?**

We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:  
 

       **•**  To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.

       **•**  To improve our website in order to better serve you.

       **•**  To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.

       **•**  To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.

       **•**  To quickly process your transactions.

       **•**  To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.

**How do we protect your information?**

Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.  
We use regular Malware Scanning.

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.

All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

**Do we use 'cookies'?**

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

  
**We use cookies to:**

       **•**  Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.

  
**Third-party disclosure**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.

**Third-party links**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

**California Online Privacy Protection Act**

CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf

  
**According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:**

Users can visit our site anonymously.

Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.

Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.

  
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:

       **•**  On our Privacy Policy Page

Can change your personal information:

       **•**  By logging in to your account

**Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Trend Trax Pro aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  * **The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.**  Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

  * **The right of rectification.**  You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

  * **The right to object.**  You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

  * **The right of restriction.**  You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

  * **The right to data portability.**  You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

  * **The right to withdraw consent.**  You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Trend Trax Pro relied on your consent to process your personal information.




Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

  
**How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?**

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

  
**Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?**

It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking

**COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)**

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.

**Fair Information Practices**

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.  
 

**In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:**

We will notify you via email

       **•**  Within 1 business day

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

**CAN SPAM Act**

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.  
 

**We collect your email address in order to:**

       **•**  Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions

       **•**  Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

  
**To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:**

       **•**  Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.

       **•**  Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.

       **•**  Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.

       **•**  Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.

       **•**  Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.

       **•**  Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

  
**If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at**

       **•**  Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.

and we will promptly remove you from  **ALL**  correspondence.

  
**Contacting Us**

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

[**Click Here to Contact us**](http://harmonymails.com/helpdesk/)[ ](http://harmonymails.com/helpdesk/)

Harmonymails.com  
1968 S Coast HWY #2045  
Laguna Beach, California 92651  
United States

  
Last Edited on 2018-05-23
