> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the harmonicinc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618061149id_/http%3A//harmonicinc.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Harmonic Inc. | Harmonic's Online Privacy Policy

Harmonic recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any individual identifying information you share with us. We want to make use of the information you provide to serve you better. Individual identifying information is information that enables us to identify you, such as your email address, name, title and address. Harmonic's policy regarding use of your individual identifying information covers these areas: 

**Notice and Disclosure**  
This Online Privacy Policy is made available to you in order to make you aware of how Harmonic collects and uses individual information of visitors to Harmonic's website. Harmonic may collect the following information regarding visitors to our website: domain name, name, information regarding what pages are being accessed, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, email address, or site registrations, and your preferred means of communication. We will use reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. In general, when you visit our website and access information you remain anonymous. Before we ask you for information, we will explain how this information will be used. We will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your permission. However, we may need to provide your name and delivery address to third parties that Harmonic uses for the purposes of delivering specific services to you (e.g., customer support, or a shipping company if you have asked us to send something to you). 

**Choice and Consent**  
New registrants to the Harmonic website choose to opt in by providing identifying information during the registration process. We are working on ways to enable you to communicate to us that your individual identifying information should not be used for additional purposes. When you sign up for an email list you will be give instructions at that time on how to remove yourself from that list. 

Access to certain areas of Harmonic's website requires a login and password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloaded from those sites, may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and Harmonic. Your individual information may be retained by Harmonic to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on Harmonic's website. 

**Use of Cookies**  
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites use to write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can not read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Harmonic's website uses cookies for various reasons. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better experience by allowing us to understand what areas of the website are of interest to our visitors. Harmonic also uses cookies when you register for one of our web programs. In this situation, a cookie will store useful information that enables our website to remember you when you return to visit us. Cookies from Harmonic websites can only be read by Harmonic website. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our website. 

**Protecting your privacy**  
Our websites may provide links to third party sites. Harmonic is not responsible for the privacy practices, content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked by Harmonic for accuracy or completeness. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites prior to use. 

**Data storage in the U.S.**  
Many of our websites that collect information will store and process that information in databases in the United States. 
