> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gawkk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-05-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090505205711id_/http%3A//www.gawkk.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Share Videos with Friends on Gawkk

The video you are looking for does not exist.

Gawkk was founded on the principles of helping people to discover new videos by enabling them to share what they find interesting with one another. Gawkk understands that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the Gawkk website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.

This policy covers how Gawkk treats personal information that Gawkk collects and receives, including information related to your past use of the Gawkk service ("Service"). This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Gawkk does not own or control, or to people that Gawkk does not employ or manage.

Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, age range or email address, and that is not otherwise publicly available. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products, services or users from which individual user identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Likewise, information about the products or service you purchase may be collected and combined with information about the products or services purchased by others. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new products and services, and tailor existing products and services to user desires.

Gawkk only collects personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website, which is to enable users to discover and share videos with one another. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with this objective. We collect the following types of information from our Gawkk members: 

  1. We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. 

    * Registration: In order for you to use Gawkk services, such as submitting new links to the Service, you must complete a registration form. As part of this registration form, we require select personal information (including your full name, age range, and e-mail address).
    * User Profile: To allow you to express yourself beyond just the information collected during registration, we enable you to provide additional information, such as a bio, URLs, and any other information that you choose to enter. In addition, you may choose to include photos of yourself in your profile. As indicated below, you can control how your information is displayed and used.
    * We also collect personal information from you if you submit a job application or resume to us via email. Personal information collected in this regard includes your name and email address, as well as other employment related information that you provide to us in the resume and/or application.
  2.     * We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Gawkk and its authorized agents automatically receive and record certain "traffic data" on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, Gawkk cookie information, and the page you requested. Gawkk uses this traffic data to analyze trends, help diagnose problems with its servers and administer the website.
    * Gawkk may collect and, on any page including user profile pages, display the total views, blogs, comments or other activity information with respect to a video, user profile, channel or other page.
    * Additionally, we use, and allow third parties to use, Web beacons on the Site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. Web beacons are small, graphic images on Web pages or Web-based documents or in email messages that allow us or third parties to monitor who is visiting the Site or if the email has be read. Web beacons collect the IP address of the computer that the Web beacon is sent to, the URL of the page the Web beacon comes from and the time it was viewed. Web beacons may be linked to your personal information.
    * We may use third parties, called third-party ad servers or network advertisers, to deliver ads to you on our behalf. These third-party ad servers may use cookies, Web beacons or other technology to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Site in order to use it to present advertisements that may be of interest to you.
    * Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While Gawkk will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available. E-mail Communications



Gawkk is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the "Sharing Your Information" section below. Gawkk may send out e-mails with Gawkk-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification e-mails from Gawkk, which inform you of actions (e.g. friend requests, subscription updates, etc.) that have been performed on the site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please visit the email preferences section of your User Profile and/or follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices from us.

Cookies are small computer files or identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. Gawkk cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is. Most browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use more Gawkk features. Some of our business partners, like our advertisers, may use cookies on our website. We have no access to, or control over, these cookies.

Because Gawkk enables people to discover and share videos with one another, information about the people who use Gawkk is an integral part of the Gawkk experience. Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below. 

  * **Gawkk Personnel:** Gawkk personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of Gawkk business.
  * **Business Transfers:** In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Gawkk, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
  * **Protection of Gawkk and Others:** We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Gawkk, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
  * **User Profile Information:** Information collected during registration and subsequent visits, such as your full name and location, may be displayed to other Gawkk users in your user profile. The user profile is the area on Gawkk where we allow you to tell other Gawkk users about yourself, your interests and your channels.
  * **Syndication:** Gawkk allows for the RSS syndication of most of its public content within the Gawkk website.
  * **Member Directory:** The e-mail address that you submit upon registration will be searchable by other Gawkk users who know you by your Gawkk username or full name, unless you choose to opt out of this feature. This is primarily so that other users can find you to establish friendship through Gawkk.
  * **Friends' Activity:** Much like other online social networks, Gawkk allows non-friends to browse your friends' activity. Also, another Gawkk user can add you as a friend without needing your permission, and you may add others as friends without their permission as well. When you save a video link to one of your channels, all other members that have added you as a friend will be made aware of the addition to your channel.
  * **Social Sharing of Data:** Gawkk allows other users to browse videos that you have saved to your channel(s), submitted, blogged, or commented on. This information is made available via your profile and channel(s) and within the permalink URL of the video on which you performed the action. Gawkk may choose to post this data on other site features, or on widgets posted within other sites.
  * **With Your Consent:** Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.



Your Gawkk account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer. Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices.

As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, but then you may be unable to use certain features on our website, such as posting new links. To delete your account, please send a request to us at [support@gawkk.com](mailto:support@gawkk.com). You can correct, amend, add or delete personal information on our website by visiting your personal profile page. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us or other Gawkk members, please visit the email preferences section of your User Profile and/or follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices from us. The majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. Please note, however, that if your browser does not accept cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all Gawkk features.

Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Links from our Site to other sites or content are provided for your convenience only, and we do not have control over the content or privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties or other sites. Any personal information you provide on linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.

We use reasonable security measures in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. We cannot, however, guarantee protection of all information against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration, or that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. Furthermore, we have no control over the security of other sites you might visit, interact with or do business with.

Your registration information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused or otherwise misappropriated.

You must be 13 years and older to register to use the Gawkk Service. If we learn that Gawkk has collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as is reasonably possible. We recommend that minors between the ages of 13 and 18 ask and receive their parents' permission before using Gawkk or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet.

Gawkk may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion, without notice to you. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we may notify you by posting an announcement on the Gawkk website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.

If you decide to use the Gawkk Service, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of New York state law.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 1, 2007.
