> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ascenderfonts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091201042251id_/http%3A//www.ascenderfonts.com/info/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AscenderFonts.com Privacy Policy

### LEGAL & PRIVACY STATEMENTS

**Privacy Policy  
**Ascender Corporation is committed to the privacy of all users and has created this policy to disclose our privacy practices to ensure users are comfortable with sharing pertinent information. Ascender Corporation pledges to maintain integrity and professional practices while working with private information.

**Security  
**Using an industry standard 128-bit secure socket layer (SSL) connection, personal information such as name, company information, email address, shipping numbers, and credit card information is encrypted. This encryption creates an environment where the information transferred is unable to be identified. You know you have entered the secure area when the address changes from http to https. A variety of other security measures take place behind the scenes to ensure other areas and information within the system are secured.

**Collecting Personal Information  
**Users will be required to register and share personal and company information. This information is captured to create a unique login and password that is associated to the user. The individual will have access to this information for modification as needed. This information will not be used for purposes other than troubleshooting and identifying various situations users may encounter. Email containing information may be generated by administrators to keep you informed as to the status of the system or an order. The information will not be sold or distributed to other organizations.

**Child Information Protection  
**This site does not knowingly collect information from any children and is created for general user and administrative access only.

**Tracking Information  
**Activity within the site will be captured by administrators for tracking and monitoring purposes. This information will be used to generate reports on usage and to determine popular areas of the application. This information will not be sold or distributed to other organizations.

**Questions  
**If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us our contact form.

**Trademarks and Copyrights  
**All trademarks and copyrights are property of their respective owners. Click here for a list of all trademarks used on this site.

All material on this website is Copyright © 2008 Ascender Corporation. All rights reserved. If you would like permission to use any of this material, please contact us.
