> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kaylaitsines.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621173459id_/http%3A//www.kaylaitsines.com.au/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy — Kayla Itsines

**Personal Information**

All personal information you provide us with or that we obtain will be handled by The Bikini Body Training Company and we will be responsibly for the secure storage of your personal information . We will collect details such as contact name and email address and this information is obtained automatically through forms annotated on www.kaylaitsines.com.au. All other information such as payment details is not collected by our company and we are therefore not responsible for the security of such information. Payment information is processed and stored using a third party company. This company can be contacted at www.stripe.com. The personal information you provide will be used to ensure deliveries to you, to provide offers and information on our catalogue to you. The information you provide is only available to The Bikini Body Training Company and will not be shared with any other third parties within Australia or Internationally. You have the right to inspect the information held about you. You always have the right to request The Bikini Body Training Company to delete or correct the information held about you. If you wish to alter, access or remove or complain about breaches of the APP code (Australian Privacy Principles) please contact us on management@kaylaitsines.com.au. By visiting this website and purchasing products of the The Bikini Body Training Company Conditions, you agree to the above.
