> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the veggietales.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180930102724id_/http%3A//www.veggietales.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At the website of Big Idea Entertainment, LLC (“Big Idea”) located at www.veggietales.com and other connected or related sites owned and operated by Big Idea, including www.veggietales.com and store.veggietales.com (collectively, the “Sites”), protecting our users’ privacy and security is a top priority.  For this reason, we have adopted the following privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to advise you of your choices regarding the use of your personal information online.  This Privacy Policy describes what types of information we gather about you, how we use it and your rights to update or correct it.  The Sites are made available by Big Idea Entertainment, LLC, located at 386 Park Avenue South 16th Floor New York, NY 10016  The target audience for the Play Site is parents of children, their families and other adults.   Within the Sites you will only be able to make a purchase or take advantage of certain of our offerings, such as any newsletters, certain special features, online forums, sweepstakes, contests or promotions that may be offered by providing the requested information.  Your use of the Sites signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and made a part of, the Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Sites in general. 

Scope of Policy 

This Privacy Policy applies to the Sites.  It does not apply to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link or that may be accessible through the Sites.  Please be aware that we have no control over such third party websites.  If you leave our Sites and visit another website, you do so at your own risk.  For this reason, you should carefully review the privacy policies of those websites in order to determine how they treat your personal information. 

INFORMATION ABOUT YOU 

Protection For Children - COPPA Compliance The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) imposes certain requirements upon websites and online services that are directed toward children.  We are committed to protecting children’s online privacy and complying fully with COPPA.  We do not collect any personally identifiable information anywhere on the Sites except where expressly stated.  We believe that children should be able to use the Internet in a safe, productive, and efficient manner and should be afforded the highest protection available with respect to their personal information.  To that end, we only ask for adults’ personally identifiable information.  We do not knowingly collect any individually identifiable information from users under the age of 13 anywhere on the Sites.  If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information, we will delete such information immediately. Visit http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens_educ.html for information from the Federal Trade Commission about COPPA and protecting children’s privacy online. 

INFORMATION COLLECTION POLICY 

COPPA prevents websites from knowingly collecting personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent.  Personally identifiable information examples include full name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information.  Non-personally identifiable information includes first name, home state, age or gender.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on the Sites. We may collect the following information during our Store Site registration process: first name, last name, e-mail, birth date and password.  We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 during our registration process.  The birth date field prohibits children under the age of 13 from creating an account on the Store Site.  Any information entered by an applicant who inputs a birth date indicating an age under 13 is not stored in any retrievable form in our systems. We may ask you to provide us with your first name and e-mail address.  Big Idea will only use this information for internal purposes – for fulfillment of a requested transaction or to respond to specific requests to participate in activities, such as sending electronic greeting cards.  When a first name and email address is collected for the purpose of sending an electronic greeting card, the first name and email are deleted from our records as soon as the electronic card is sent.  E-mail addresses of registered users of the Store Site are also used for updates and offers from Big Idea.  Registered Users of the Store Site may opt out of such e-mails by following the procedures in the paragraph entitled “Opt-Out/Changing Your Status” below. On some of the pages of the Sites, such as where users can send electronic greeting card to their friends, we may ask you to provide personal information about other people.  This is limited to a first name and e-mail address.  This personal information will be deleted from our records as soon as the electronic greeting card is sent. 

To assist with your understanding of our Privacy Policy, we provide answers to the questions below that we think you may find most important:  
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION? 

Information You Provide We may collect non-personally identifying information to access certain features of the Sites.  We may collect personally identifiable information when you request access to certain special features on the Sites, including but not limited to opt-in to enter contests, sweepstakes or receive promotional offers from us and/or our parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, advertisers, sponsors and other companies with which we do business (“Business Partners”), send us specific comments, questions or requests. Optional Information When accessing the Sites, we may give you the option of submitting other general, non-personal information.  Types of optional information requested may include age, gender or personal interests.  We may request such optional information to help us better understand you.  If you request that we send you additional information regarding available offerings, we may also use the optional information to fulfill such requests. 

Registration with the Shop Site 

Some features of the Shop Site may give you the opportunity to register with us.  The registration forms may request your contact information, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, etc.  We use this information to communicate with you and to provide a more personalized experience when you visit the Shop Site.  We also use aggregate demographic and preferences information for research, marketing, and/or promotional purposes, among others.  By visiting our Shop Site and registering with the Shop Site, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of your information. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 during our registration process.  The birth date field prohibits children under the age of 13 from creating an account on the Store Site.  Any information entered by an applicant who inputs a birth date indicating an age under 13 is not stored in any retrievable form in our systems. 

Third Party Information 

At some areas of the Sites, you may be able to submit information about other people. For instance, you may submit someone else's first name and e-mail address in order to send them an e-card or you may want to submit their mailing address to send them a purchase directly.  Types of personally identifiable information that may be requested include: name, address, telephone number or e-mail address.  This information will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected. 

Newsletters 

Based on the information you voluntarily provide to us, we may also offer you the opportunity to sign up to receive newsletters and other communications from us.  When there is a separate sign-up for newsletters, we ask for contact information such as first name, last name, birth date and e-mail address, and, sometimes, demographic and profile information.  We use this information in the same manner as we use the contact information in the registration process described above.  We may also send e-mails and announcements that are needed for the proper administration of the Sites. 

Interactive Features 

The Sites may offer interactive features, such as e-cards, forwarding features, personalized homepages, etc.  All information posted or sent through these features may be publicly available, and you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address) through these features, such information may be used by others.  By accessing these features and disclosing personally identifiable information, you affirmatively consent to the distribution of your personally identifiable information as described above.  Users who post personally identifiable information on interactive features are solely responsible for the content of the messages they post or send on these interactive features. 

Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions 

We may request contact information from you (such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number) as well as demographic or preference information.  We will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the contest, sweepstakes or promotion.  This information may also be shared with a partner or sponsor in offering the contest, sweepstakes or promotion.  By voluntarily entering the contest, sweepstakes or promotion and providing your information, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of your information.  We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 on any contest, sweepstakes or promotion conducted on the Sites.  However, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any contests, sweepstakes and promotions conducted on other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link or that may be accessible through the Sites.  Please be aware that we have no control over such third party websites.  If you leave our Sites and visit another website, you do so at your own risk.  For this reason, you should carefully review the privacy policies of those websites in order to determine how they treat your personal information. 

Technical Information 

When you visit the Sites, we may also collect technical information that does not, by itself, identify you as a specific individual.  This information (sometimes referred to as non-personally identifiable information) may include the address (or “URL”) of the website that you came from before visiting the Sites, which pages you visit on the Sites, the frequency with which you visit certain areas of the Sites, which browser you use to view the Sites and any search terms you have entered on the Sites.  We use this technical data in aggregate form to measure and improve the effectiveness of the Sites.  We may collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Sites, and see where our Sites’ traffic is coming from.  We may also collect other non-personally identifiable information via the Sites, such as Sites usage activity and preferences, also known as demographic or profile data.  We may combine this technical data with personally identifiable information.  For instance, we may send out HTML e-mails and use technical methods to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and if the links in the e-mail were clicked on.  The information collected from these e-mails may be personally identifiable. 

Aggregate Data 

We gather certain generic information with respect to visitors' use of the Sites, such as the number of unique visitors, the frequency with which they visit, and the areas on the Sites that they favor.  These statistics are like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program.  We only use this type of data in the aggregate; that is, we look at the data on a collective basis, in summary form, rather than on an individual basis.  This data helps us determine the extent to which our customers use certain parts of our Sites, which enables us to make it as appealing as possible.  We may also provide statistical "ratings" about how our customers collectively use our Sites to parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, advertisers, sponsors, and other companies with which we do business (“Business Partners”).  We do this so they, too, can understand how often people use their areas of the site in order for them to provide you with the best possible experience.  These statistical ratings do not contain any personally identifiable information about you or any of our users. 

DO WE USE COOKIES, CLEAR GIFS OR THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS? 

We may use cookies (described in more detail below) and clear GIFs in the Sites and/or in our communications with you to enhance the functionality of the Sites and to make your transactions and other activities more convenient and efficient.  We use cookies to remember your preferences or minimize the need for you to re-enter information. 

Cookies 

The Sites use cookies to help us make the Sites better.  A “cookie” is a small, temporary data file that a website may send to your browser and that your browser may then store on your system (Unfortunately, it’s not edible!).  We use session cookies, for example, to simulate a continuous connection - cookies let us remember information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within the Sites without reintroducing yourself.  Cookies help us find out what kind of computer and Web browser you are using to visit our Sites, how often you visit our Sites, and which pages you look at while you’re here.  The information we gather from these cookies helps us to make the Sites available to the most people possible.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies, or selectively accept cookies, by adjusting the preferences in your browser.  If you refuse cookies, there may be some features of the Sites that will not be available to you and some web pages may not display properly. Big Idea collects aggregate information about visitors to the Sites.  We do not use cookies to collect specific information about individual users, such as your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information, passwords, or anything else.  Sometimes we will attach information from cookies to messages sent to our Customer Service department. 

Clear GIFs 

A “clear GIF” is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or e-mail message. 

Third Party Advertiser Cookies 

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Internet.  These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and clear GIF technology (aka 1x1 Pixel .gifs, Web bugs) to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients.  To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our Sites and other websites.  This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, the IP address.  This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes.  We do not use or have access to this information.  We have no control over what information these third parties (for example, advertisers, ad servers or other online stores) track or collect, and we have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of third parties.  If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from setting and/or reading cookies on your computer, currently you may either visit each ad network’s website individually ad opt out or visit the website of the National Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) to opt-out of all network-advertising cookies.  Go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to visit the NAI gateway opt-out site.  This website will also allow you to review the third-party advertising companies’ privacy policies. 

IP Addresses 

We collect and analyze traffic on our Sites by keeping track of the IP addresses of our visitors.  IP addresses are unique numeric identifiers that are assigned to each computer browser accessing the Internet.  An IP address, by itself, cannot identify you personally.  However, when combined with other information provided by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your IP address can be used to identify the computer originating a message. 

USE OF INFORMATION 

We use information collected on and through the Sites for a variety of purposes in the course of business and as otherwise set forth herein.  We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to respond to your comments, questions, submissions, or other requests or to contact you about your account with us.  Additionally, this information may be used to notify you if you win any contests, sweepstakes or promotions we may offer. 

Purchases may be offered directly from the Store Site or by clicking on a link which will direct you to a third party site.  Any personally identifiable information or credit card information that you provide in connection with a purchase through the Store Site will be governed by the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Purchases made through a third party, however, will not be governed by this Sites’ Privacy Policy.  Furthermore, Big Idea is not responsible for how information is obtained or used by any third party sites.  Third parties are not agents of Big Idea. We may share your information with any of our Business Partners.  If you subscribe to any online newsletters we may offer, we will use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter.  If you request access to certain special features on the Sites, such as making a purchase on the Store Site, we will use your e-mail address to provide you with such access.  With your permission, we may use your information to send you information about our and our Business Partners' and products and services or any other information and materials that may be of interest to you. Your information may also be used to evaluate what portions of the Sites are more popular than others, to determine where our visitors come from, where they go, and how long they stay on a particular page, or the Sites in general.  We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times and use such information, along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties. 

If you choose to submit information for publication, a letter to the editors for instance, we may publish your screen name and any other information you provide. 

Order Fulfillment 

Big Idea uses an order form for users to request products and order information.  For that order form, we collect the user's name, e-mail address, organization, billing address, phone number, shipping address, and necessary financial information to process the order (i.e. credit card number).  The user is given the opportunity to have his address stored for his next purchase.  Big Idea uses a third party vendor  (“Vendor”) to accept and process orders for merchandise and products.  In particular, Vendor hosts the ordering system and order data.  Vendor automatically collects order information but may only use the information in the aggregate to process orders.  Vendor uses a standard and reliable encryption technology to protect any personal information as it travels across the Internet.  Vendor has also agreed to maintain the security and integrity of personal and credit card information. 

We will disclose the information we maintain when required to do so by law -- for example, in response to a court order or subpoena.  We may also disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request. 

If Big Idea, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, the information we collect may be one of the transferred assets.  Any such transfer will be subject to applicable privacy laws. 

DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 

Unless we have your consent, we do not sell, rent or share your personally identifiable information to any third party, outside of our Business Partners for marketing purposes except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

We may contract with our Business Partners to provide services on our behalf (such as actually sending you products, a monthly newsletter, or other information after you have requested it).  In such cases, we may share your personally identifiable information with our Business Partners so that they are able to fulfill your requests on our behalf.  We may also share your information with our Business Partners and other third parties that provide services for or through the Sites or for our business (such as e-mail list hosting and distribution companies that use such information on our behalf consistent with this Privacy Policy).  We may also transfer, sell or assign such information to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization or liquidation.  In the event that we offer sweepstakes, contests or promotions in conjunction with an identified third party or parties, these third parties may obtain your personally identifiable information if you decide to participate in one of these programs.  We do not have any control of any third party's use of this information.  We also reserve the right to disclose any information concerning you as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to respond to a valid court order, subpoena, or government investigation, to operate the Sites properly, or to protect or defend our rights or the rights or well-being of our users or if you are involved (or we believe in good faith that you might be involved) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. 

Information Sharing Between Affiliates 

All the Sites are part of the Classic Media, LLC family of companies.  We reserve the right to share your personally identifiable information with those other property websites including your e-mail, postal address, phone number, and purchase history.  We may use that information to conduct joint promotions or offer you special premiums.  We also reserve the right to share your personal information with other companies that NBC/Universal may subsequently acquire. 

DO YOU HAVE CHOICES REGARDING HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED OR SHARED? 

Opt-Out/ Changing Your Status 

At all times, you remain in control of your personally identifiable information.  We will not share the personally identifiable information we collect from you in ways other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, without first obtaining your consent.  At the time you provide this information, you can choose whether you want to receive further communications about special offers, product information or other marketing messages.  At the same time, we will also provide you the opportunity to opt-out of any further promotional and marketing communications from us, or from specific types of communications.  However, your option not to receive promotional and marketing material shall not preclude us (including our employees, contractors, agents and other representatives) from (a) using this information to complete any purchase orders made through the Sites, (b) corresponding with you, by e-mail or otherwise, regarding your existing or past relationship with us, and otherwise exercising our rights under applicable law, (c) from accessing and viewing your personally identifiable information in the course of maintaining and improving the Sites, or (d) from notifying you if you win a contest or sweepstakes.  If you do opt-in to receive promotional and marketing communications from us, you can opt-out at any time. Every e-mail communication we send you will contain a clearly worded “Opt-Out” or “Unsubscribe” link allowing you to withdraw your permission for future mailings.  Alternatively, you can send a blank e-mail to customerservice@veggietales.shop and type “Unsubscribe” in the subject field.  This system is automated and must be contacted from the e-mail address you wish to have removed.  Permission changes will be honored as soon as possible after receipt.  Please allow five to seven business days for processing.  Permission changes will not affect any information which you provided to us and which we previously shared with our Business Partners. 

Disclosure Exceptions 

Notwithstanding the above policies, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties if:  
(a)         We are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order;  
(b)         To protect the company’s rights and property;  
(c)         To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Sites;  
(d)         To investigate reports of credit card fraud or unauthorized use; or  
(e)         During emergencies, or if we believe someone’s physical safety is at risk. 

CONSENT TO PROCESSING 

By providing any personally identifiable information to the Sites, you fully understand and      unambiguously consent to the transfer of such personally identifiable information to, and the collection and processing of such personally identifiable information in, the United States and other countries or territories. 

HOW DO THE SITES SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION? 

We value the security and confidentiality of your personally identifiable information.  To safeguard this information we have implemented technical, physical and administrative measures to protect your information from unauthorized access.  All of your information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.  Employees are granted access on a need-to-know basis (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative).  Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.  Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.  Our main servers are operated from a dedicated Internet hosting facility with state-of-the-art physical security features, including smoke detection and fire suppression systems, motion sensors, and 24x7 secured access, as well as video camera surveillance and security breach alarms. Please be aware, however, that despite our best efforts to protect your information, we cannot guarantee that your information will be used solely in ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Please be careful whenever sending personally identifiable information to us via e-mail.  E-mail is commonly not a secure means of transferring information.  Even though we have taken steps to ensure that the personally identifiable information we collect from you is secure, due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from you will be free from unauthorized access.  By using the Sites, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. 

In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personally identifiable information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development.  If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.  If you do not consent to this, please contact us by e-mail at customerservice@veggietales.shop.  If you wish to provide a particular e-mail address to receive such notifications, please contact use by e-mail at customerservice@veggietales.shop. 

DOMICILE REQUIREMENT FOR USE OF THE SITES 

You represent and warrant that you are domiciled in the United States. 

WHO CAN YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS? 

Big Idea pledges to work with users to resolve any complaints about our Privacy Policy and with parents who wish to review their child’s personal information that they authorized us to collect and use.  Please contact us by e-mail at customerservice@veggietales.shop to report any known or suspected privacy or security breaches or to submit privacy-related questions or complaints.  If you have a complaint about our Privacy Policy, you can write to as at 386 Park Avenue South 16th Floor New York, NY 10016 or e-mail us at customerservice@veggietales.shop.  You may also call us at (888) 244-4332.  We will try to resolve any problems that arise in a fair and prompt manner. 

MIGHT THIS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE? 

We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy in response to changing business circumstances and legal developments.  If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting those changes here so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have.  If there are material changes to this policy or how we use your personally identifiable information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change.  We encourage you to periodically review this Policy for our current information protection practices.  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at anytime for any reason. The effective date of the Privacy Policy will always appear on the first page of the Privacy Policy, underneath the title. Legal 

The Sites are operated and maintained by Big Idea Entertainment, LLC located at 386 Park Avenue South 16th Floor New York, NY 10016, customerservice@veggietales.shop (888) 244-4332. TM & © Big Idea Entertainment, LLC.  All rights reserved. 

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS 

As of January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To request such information, please send an e-mail to customerservice@veggietales.shop or write to us at:  
Big Idea Entertainment, LLC  
386 Park Avenue South  
16th Floor  
New York, NY 10016 

USE COMMON SENSE IN ALL YOUR ONLINE ACTIVITIES 

Even the best privacy policy can't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances.  Unscrupulous advertisers, hackers, and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets.  Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities. 

Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication.  Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages, including online e-cards. Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board, your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail (also known as spam).  Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so. 

Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your e-mail, password or credit card information.  Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information. Always monitor your children's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use. For more information, go to http://kids.getnetwise.org/safetyguide/ for the Internet Education Foundation's Online Safety Guide for Kids. 

As always, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at customerservice@veggietales.shop. 

© 2018 Big Idea Entertainment, LLC. VEGGIETALES®, character names, likenesses and other indicia are trademarks of and copyrighted by Big Idea Entertainment, LLC. All rights reserved.
