> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vegusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130424172947id_/http%3A//vegusa.com/legal-and-policies/index.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vega Investments Limited

Non-personal information is collection to help administer the site, diagnose potential server problems, and personalize your experience when using the Vega Investments Limited site. This non-personal information may be used to develop reports from the server log files and to analyze usage on Vega Investments Limited. This information might be used for things such as making the features and functionality of the site better or for putting together marketing materials. This non-personal information is not shared with those outside of our company. Statistical information that may be collected and used to better the Site through analyzation may include:

(i)Dates/times of visits  
(ii)Type of browser used  
(iii)Computer hardware  
(iiii)Domain used to access the Internet  
(iiiii)Visited pages  
Site address that you came from before visiting the Site “Cookies”, or the files that have been sent from our server and are then stored on your computers, may also be used. These allow Vega Investments Limited to personalize the collected data which is anonymous. This data helps us personalize your experience. Only Vega Investments Limited can access these cookies and they will not cause any harm or damage to your computers. They will not give the Site access to any of the other material on your computer or any other files. If you wish to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer, by Vega Investments Limited or by any other sites, you can disable your computer from storing cookies used by our Site; however, disabling cookies may prevent certain features of the Site from working the way they are supposed to. Other reasons that Vega Investments Limited might use cookies include product research and development, tracking, and enhancements to the Site. Vega Investments Limited may also track how you use the Site and what activities are accessed. Your satisfaction is the goal of Vega Investments Limited so if you haven’t visited the Site in many months or opened the emails you may be contacted to see if there is anything you are missing or if there is anything you are unsatisfied with.  
Finally, IP addresses (the number that is assigned to your computer when you surf the Internet) are collected. This is done automatically by all Internet servers.

## Information Vega Investments Limited

Email addresses of free members will not be sold but may be rented to marketers, affiliates, or third parties for promotional and other reasons. Asset management, estate, and trust Clients will never have their email addresses rented out to third parties. How Your Confidential Data is Protected by Vega Investments Limited Electronic, physical, and managerial procedures are used to keep your information confidential by Vega Investments Limited. Security measures are implements to protect your information from misuse, loss, or alteration when under the authority of our Site. Vega Investments Limited uses encryption and other industry practices to protect the information of the User. These tools are updated and reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that they are sufficient. Any data made available for download including account statement, information, and reports are stored on a secure serve and are also encrypted. Vega Investments Limited makes every effort to ensure that private data is protected; however nothing is 100% secure on the Internet and we cannot make guarantees about the security of stored information. You agree and understand that you provide information to Vega Investments Limited and download from the Site at your own risk. Privacy Policies and Procedures of Third Party Sites Do Not Fall Under the Policies of Vega Investments Limited. When on the www.vegusa.com Site, you should understand that you have the opportunity to leave and enter other sites. Once you leave our Site, you should be aware that our privacy policy is not longer applicable. We are not responsible for the practices of other sites that you may be directed to.

## Children Under 13

Children under the age of 13 should not send information to our Site regarding themselves. This includes things like your full name, email address, physical address, and phone number. We will not collect information from children under the age of 13 knowingly. If it is discovered that we have collected such information without parental consent, the information will be permanently removed immediately.

## Your Agreement

Using the Vega Investments Limited site is agreement and acknowledgement of our privacy policy and procedures. You should not enter the Site if you are not in agreement. We have the right to change, remove, or add to the privacy policy at any time and changes will appear on this page. You accept those changes by continuing to use the Site. You should check this page periodically to be aware of any changes. Please contact us at the address below if you have questions or comments regarding our privacy policy.
