> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the prsa.org privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101204124631id_/http%3A//www.prsa.org/AboutPRSA/Privacy_Statement/%3Futm_source%3Dprsa_website%26utm_medium%3Dfooter%26utm_campaign%3Dprivacy_statement_nav) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

Unless otherwise specified, the following notice applies to all contents of the PRSA website: Copyright © 2009 by the Public Relations Society of America, Inc., 33 Maiden Lane, 11th Fl., New York, NY 10038-5150. PRSA owns all content on this site. Any reproduction, copying, distribution, downloading, uploading, modifying, re-publishing or otherwise distributing of any information, art, graphics, font, code or script from this site without permission may be a violation of copyright and is prohibited. In addition, other products and/or company names found on this site may be trademarked by their respective owners.

PRSA believes in the privacy of member and nonmember users of its website and is committed to the responsible use of any information provided online. PRSA uses the information collected to improve the Society and the website by adding new products and services and responding to site users. Consequently PRSA does not store personal information in cookies. PRSA retains the right to make member contact information available to responsible third parties for one time mailing use only. Business or personal telephone numbers or e-mail addresses are not made available to third parties. If you do not wish to have your addresses made available to third parties please notify us by e-mailing [membership@prsa.org](mailto:membership@prsa.org).  


 **PRSA reviews its privacy policy from time to time and it is subject to change. Please review this page periodically to ensure your continuing familiarity with the most current version of PRSA's privacy policy.**
