> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wajam.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206212914id_/http%3A//www.wajam.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wajam.com | Privacy

We value your privacy

## Wajam Privacy Policy

NEW

Effective Date: 28 October, 2015

This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") explains the privacy practices of Wajam™, a product of Wajam, Inc., a Montreal-based company ("Wajam", "we", "us" or "our") that apply to (i) the access and use of the [http://www.wajam.com](http://www.wajam.com/) website, and any related sub-domains, which are operated by Wajam(the "Website"), (ii) download and use of our proprietary application (the "Wajam Application") and (iii) the provision by Wajam of services through the Website, the Wajam Application and Wajam Mobile Application (the "Services").

Wajam is committed to maintaining your privacy please read all the terms of this privacy policy so that you understand what type of personal information we collect and how we collect it, how we use it and to whom we disclose it. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. 

  


  * TRUSTe Privacy Seal. [ ](http://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/Wajam-Inc-/validation?rid=f1940960-6a7a-4b5a-a313-822cc7bd9902 "TRUSTe online privacy certification") The TRUSTe Program covers only information that is collected through the English version of this Web site, www.wajam.com. In order to view our relationship with TRUSTe please visit the validation page visible by clicking on the TRUSTe seal. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. 
  * TRUSTe Trusted Download Program. [ ](http://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&softwareProgramId=213&sealid=112 "TRUSTe Trusted Download Certification") Wajam Inc's Wajam 1.0 has been certified by the TRUSTe's Trusted Download Program signifying that the Wajam application has been tested TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's TDP program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding the Wajam application, please contact us at Wajam, 4115 St-Laurent Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, H2W 1Y7, Canada or by email at [feedback@wajam.com](mailto:feedback@wajam.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe [here](http://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&softwareProgramId=213&sealid=112). The TRUSTe Trusted Download program does not cover other applications such as Wajam’s Mobile, Facebook and Twitter applications. 
  * Consent. By using our website or the Wajam application, or by submitting personal information to us, you consent to Wajam's collection, use and disclosure of such personal information in accordance with this privacy policy (as may be amended from time to time) and as permitted or required by law. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not provide us with any personal information or use any of the Services we offer on the Website or through the Wajam Application and Mobile Application. You can withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions described below in the Section "Questions?".
  * Amendments. We may, from time to time, modify our Privacy Policy and will post a copy of the amended Privacy Policy on the Website, so we encourage you to review it periodically. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending a notice to the email address specified in your account or by posting a prominent notice on our pages prior to the changes becoming effective. You will be deemed to have accepted the Privacy Policy, as amended, if you continue to use the Website after any amendments are posted on the Website.



## A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS:

Wajam respects the U.S Children's Online Privacy Protection (COPPA) Act of 1998 and the guidelines of the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureau, Inc. You can help by spending time online with your children and monitoring your children's online use. Please help us protect your child's privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this website or any other without your permission.

If you are under 18, please be sure to read this policy with your parents or legal guardians and ask questions about things you do not understand. Children under 13 (U13) are prohibited from using the Services provided by Wajam.

  1. Purpose and Function 
    * Wajam
      * Wajam uses an extension, proxy or DLL to re-route internet searches through its servers in order to append social search results and to display advertising.
    * Wajam VPN
      * Wajam VPN creates a VPN tunnel from the user device to an exit IP address in another region in order to give the user added privacy and security while browsing the internet.
    * Wajam Social Search Mobile
      * The Wajam Social Search Application provides users with social results from their friends, within their existing search results, on their favorite search engines.
  2. Information Collection. 
    * We collect the following personal information and non-personal information:
      * that you provide to us directly via the Website, the Wajam Application or Mobile Application when you fulfill the registration form, sign up for our Services and provide us feedback or comment. The collection is limited to the following information: name and email address;
      * that we receive from our social networking partners (e.g., such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, or LinkedIn), if you decide to subscribe to the Services through them; and/or
      * that you decide to make available to us and your contacts (e.g., pictures) either directly or through our social networking partners.
      * If you wish to update what information is shared through our social networking partner you can make the appropriate changes within the privacy controls of your social networking account.
      * When using the Wajam Mobile Application, we use your location to give you recommendations for nearby places from your social networks. We do not track your location and do not share location data with third parties.
    * Wajam may install itself as an add-on, local proxy and/or dll and may also collect the following usage information, whether you are accessing the Website or use the Wajam Application as a registered or non-registered user: your IP address, Wajam cookie information (see below), the date and time of your visit or use of the Wajam Application, the type of Internet browser or hardware device (computer or mobile/smartphone) you use, URLs of the pages you visit and other information including the content of encrypted web pages in order to give you personal search results and the URL of any other website that referred you to our Website. We use your Mac Address, Drive Serial Number and Default Browser to assign you a unique identifier. Wajam may also collect system information to diagnose and debug software issues. We collect a list of all add-ons you've installed to Firefox, Chrome and Internet Explorer in order to detect and solve add-on compatibility issues.
    * The system information collected is used, among other purposes as detailed below, for the purpose of assuring the stability and source control of our product. The company may require the collection of Internet Explorer URL history and/or the list of installed programs in the intent of preventing fraud. The installed programs list is linked to the users unique id in order to allow applying optimization or bug fixes. Furthermore, the information collected also allows the company to assure the best user experience by monitoring which other software are installed alongside Wajam. We may disclose, share or sell to third parties this Non-Personally Identifiable collected information. 
    * We do not collect any other personal and non-personal information, period.
  3. Use of the Information. 
    * We use your personal information to manage your account, send you information on our Services, offer you new features or new services, optimize the Services we provide to you, provide updates for the Wajam Application and Mobile Application and provide customer services.
    * If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in each of the email communications you receive, or you can contact us at [support@wajam.com](mailto:support@wajam.com).
    * We may also use your personal information and non-personal information for statistical purposes.
    * We may use usage information (see above) to evaluate and improve the features, guest experience and functionality of our Website and/or the Wajam Application.
  4. Sharing and Disclosure. 
    * We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. Wajam does not sell, rent, or share your personal information with other people, except to : 
      * members of your network (e.g. your network/friends/followers on Wajam, Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or LinkedIn) if you decide to share certain personal information with them via the Services;
      * service providers that facilitate our Services, provide any or all part of the Services on our behalf or help us improve the Services (for example, data storage, web analytics, mapping providers and maintenance service providers). These services providers have access to your personal information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf;
      * our advertising partners so that they can provide advertisements or promotional materials on or through the Website and/or the Wajam Application that are more relevant to you; and
      * law enforcement officials or governmental agencies (i) in response to their request; (ii) when permitted or required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process; or (iii) to establish our compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or guidelines.
      * When you create a Profile using Wajam for your iOS mobile device, you are setting that mobile device to route all your Internet traffic from that device through servers operated by Wajam. We use this data only to better tailor your experience and improve the Wajam service. We do not share this information with advertising partners. We do not share this information with any third parties, except as requested by you or in the limited ways described in this privacy policy (e.g. the section on service providers limited to processing data for us, the section on complying with legal requirements). We do not store this data beyond providing you the immediate service. The information you transmit this way to Wajam may unintentionally include personally identifiable information about you, but we do not look for or make use of this information.
    * These providers and partners are prohibited from sharing or selling this information, and may not use this information for any purpose not enumerated in this section.
    * In addition, if Wajam merges with another company, is subject to a corporate reorganization, sells or transfers all or part of the Website and/or the Wajam Application, its business assets or shares, or in the event of bankruptcy, it is possible that the personal information we possess may be sold, transferred or otherwise shared as part of that transaction. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Also, Wajam may decide to retain a copy of the information post transaction. 
      * You acknowledge that our service providers and/or advertising partners, as well as the members of your network who may receive your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or applicable law may be located in countries which have a different level of data protection than in your home country.
      * We may also disclose, share or sell to third parties certain aggregated Non-Personally Identifiable Information about our users (such as the type of web browser they use), time each user accesses a certain domain, GEO, domains, referring URL, etc. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with “Third Party Advertisers” or “Third Party Advertising Companies”. You can opt out of this usage by visiting your account settings (see below in Advertising and Opting Out).
  5. Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies. 
    * A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site or Mobile Application and stored locally. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site or when using our Mobile Application. Wajam may set and access certain cookies on your computer or your mobile device for the following reasons: 
      * to facilitate your "signing in" on the Website or the Wajam Application or Mobile Application;
      * so that we can provide you with customized content;
      * to keep track of preferences you specify while you are using our Services;
      * to provide general internal and user analytics;
      * to conduct research to improve the content of the Website or the Mobile Application, the Wajam Application and the Services; and
      * to assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
      * If you configure your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain or all of our Services.
      * You may also request to delete your account in full from your profile’s settings page and remove the add-on from your browser’s “extension or add-on menu” or from your Windows Add/Remove Programs.
    * Tracking Technologies. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. Some of our business partners (e.g., Google Analytics, Third Party Advertisers, etc.) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Wajam only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party. 
    * Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Wajam and our partners or analytics. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
    * As is true of most Web sites, Desktop Applications and Mobile Applications, we and our third party tracking-utility partner use log files to gather and store certain information automatically. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
    * We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store cookies, beacons, scripts and pixels. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash cookies, please click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html).
  6. Behavioral Advertising and Opting Out. 
    * You may view and manage your advertising preferences at any time by accessing your account settings. You can choose to opt out of advertising at any time by visiting your account settings.
    * We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
    * As long as your browser retains the Wajam opt-out cookie, Wajam won't serve ads to your browser.
  7. Search Engine Logs Data 
    * We store search engine logs data to improve your search results and to maintain the security of our systems. Analyzing logs data helps our engineers improve the relevancy of your social search results.
    * Search engine logs are anonymized and do not contain any personal information.
  8. Posting on Users' Accessible Areas. 
    * As a registered user, you may post, submit and exchange content and information on areas of the Website that are accessible to other users (such as our blog page) if you decide so. You should exercise caution if you choose to disclose personal information in a publicly accessible area. You are solely responsible for any personal information that you disclose and disseminate on publicly accessible areas. To request removal of your personal information from these areas of our Website, contact us at [privacy@wajam.com](mailto:privacy@wajam.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
  9. Editing or Correcting Your Personal Information. 
    * You should advise us if you believe that your personal information is inaccurate.
    * You have the right (i) to ask for your personal information to be corrected or updated and (ii) to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information. To do so, please contact us at [privacy@wajam.com](mailto:privacy@wajam.com) and remove our Mobile Application from your device. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. (iii) to access or correct personal information collected through your social network you may log into your social network account and make the appropriate changes. As a result, you may not be able to use certain or all of our Services.
    * We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
  10. Security. 
    * We restrict access to personal information to Wajam employees and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services.
    * We make commercially reasonable efforts to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information under our control. To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, we take appropriate security measures (including physical security measures) and we operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at Wajam, 4115 St-Laurent Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, H2W 1Y7, Canada or by email at [privacy@wajam.com](mailto:privacy@wajam.com).
    * Wajam has taken commercially reasonable steps to ensure that its service providers protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and to ensure that your personal information is processed only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
  11. Additional Policy Information. 
    * Links to Other Sites. Our Site includes links to other Web sites (such as our blog) whose privacy practices may differ from those of Wajam. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
    * Social Media Features. Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
    * Testimonials. We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web site or Mobile Application which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you want your testimonial removed please contact us at [privacy@wajam.com](mailto:privacy@wajam.com).
    * Single Sign-On. You can log in to our site and Wajam applications using sign-in services such as Facebook and Twitter. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
  12. Notification of Privacy Statement Changes. 
    * We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
  13. Limitation of Liability. 
    * YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS THE [TERMS OF SERVICE](http://www.wajam.com/terms-of-service) FOR THE WEBSITE AND THE WAJAM APPLICATION (INCLUDING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY PROVISIONS).
  14. Language. 
    * The parties hereto acknowledge having expressly required that this Privacy Policy is to be drawn up in the English language. Les parties aux présentes reconnaissent avoir expressément exigé que la présente Politique relative à la protection des renseignements personnels soit rédigée en anglais.
  15. Questions? 
    * If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or, more generally, our privacy practices, you may contact us at Wajam, 4115 St-Laurent Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec, H2W 1Y7, Canada or by email at [privacy@wajam.com](mailto:privacy@wajam.com).
    * Instructions on how to uninstall Wajam can be found at our [How to Uninstall Wajam](http://www.wajam.com/howto/uninstall) page. If you need any additional information, you may contact us at [support@wajam.com](mailto:support@wajam.com).


