> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the itsmycareer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521235609id_/http%3A//www.itsmycareer.com/info.php%3Fpage%3Dprivacy%26q%3D) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ItsMyCareer

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Website Privacy Policy ("Policy") in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our Policy: 

  * Be aware that the ItsMyCareer.com / AdBrilliant, LLC Terms of Use Agreement contains additional important information about how we share your information. By using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in the Website Terms of Use Agreement located at the "Terms of Service" link at the bottom of the page.
  * We use your name and any associated contact information you enter on this website, such as your phone number and email address, to contact and solicit you regarding educational and other opportunities. Many of these solicitations will be made by educational institutions who want to tell you about their programs, classes, degrees, and other opportunities they feel are relevant to you based on the information you submit to us. A 3rd party call center may be engaged to contact you on behalf of these institutions.
  * You should enter only truthful information into this website so that we and our affiliates can accurately understand what information you are requesting and which marketing offers are most relevant to you. Entering any incorrect information may trigger uses of your contact information which will provide you with irrelevant offers or offers you did not request.
  * We will collect and use your personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling these purposes, as well as those set forth in the Terms of Use Agreement, and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
  * We will only retain personal information as long as is necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
  * As a general rule, we will not collect any financial or bank account information about you on this website. If you are contacted by someone purporting to be a representative of ItsMyCareer.com / AdBrilliant, LLC who asks you for sensitive financial or account information, you should refuse to provide such information and contact us immediately at [legal@ItsMyCareer.com](email:legal@ItsMyCareer.com) or [mailer@AdBrilliant.com](email:mailer@AdBrilliant.com)
  * We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. By using this website, you authorize us to make certain specific uses of any information you provide to us, as set forth in the Terms of Use Agreement, which you should carefully review.
  * Within the limitations set forth in the Website Terms of Use Agreement, we will seek to protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
  * We will make readily available to consumers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.



We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

The "Contact Us" feature of the Site delivers user messages to ItsMyCareer.com / AdBrilliant, LLC via email, which is not guaranteed to be a secure means of communication. Therefore, please do not send us confidential or sensitive information via the Site. We will not be liable for any intercepted, altered, or disclosed communications transmitted via the Site or through the "Contact Us" feature.

IMPORTANT:  
NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE, YOU AGREE THAT BY ENTERING ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION INTO THIS SITE, OR BY ALLOWING OTHERS TO DO SO ON YOUR BEHALF, YOU EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZE US TO CONVEY, TRANSFER, SELL, OR OTHERWISE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOUR NAME AND CONTACT INFORMATION, TO 3RD PARTIES FOR THE PURPOSE OF SOLICITING YOU REGARDING EDUCATIONAL AND OTHER OPPORTUNITIES, EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT EITHER WE, OR OUR 3RD PARTY AFFILIATES, MAY CALL YOU AT ANY TELEPHONE NUMBER YOU PROVIDE TO US, OR TRANSMIT SMS OR PRERECORDED MESSAGES TO YOU, FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONTACTING YOU FOR MARKETING PURPOSES, WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE ON ANY STATE OR FEDERAL DO-NOT-CALL LIST, WHETHER OR NOT WE USE AN AUTODIALING DEVICE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED TO US IS A CELL PHONE NUMBER. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO ALLOW US, OR OUR 3RD PARTY AFFILIATES, TO CONTACT YOU AT ANY EMAIL ADDRESS YOU PROVIDE TO US, FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONTACTING YOU FOR MARKETING PURPOSES. YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE US WITH THE ABOVE-MENTIONED CONSENT IN ORDER TO PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OR TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY PROMOTION. ALL OF OUR OFFERS ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. WE MUST EMPHASIZE THAT BY ENTERING ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU ARE INVITING US TO CONTACT YOU ABOUT VARIOUS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND TO ALLOW OTHERS TO CONTACT YOU FOR THE SAME PURPOSE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE CONTACTED, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE OR SHARE YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION WITH US. IN SOME JURISDICTIONS, EVEN IF YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION TO US, WE MAY BE PROHIBITED BY LAW FROM CONTACTING YOU. IF YOUR JURISDICTION WILL NOT ALLOW US TO FOLLOW UP ON YOUR REQUEST FOR INFORMATION OR OFFERS, WE APOLOGIZE FOR THIS INCONVENIENCE. WE ARE COMMITTED TO COMPLYING WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.

We reserve the right in our sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice to you, to edit or delete any documents, information or other contcontent appearing on the Site, including this Policy. It is the user's responsibility to check back frequently for updates to this Policy. For questions, the privacy officer at ItsMyCareer.com / AdBrilliant, LLC can be contacted via email at [legal@ItsMyCareer.com](email:legal@ItsMyCareer.com) or [mailer@AdBrilliant.com](email:mailer@AdBrilliant.com)
