> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the itsmyurls.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091116145905id_/http%3A//itsmyurls.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to itsmyurls.com - Privacy page

|   
---  
| 

| Privacy  
---  
  
Itsmyurls, Inc. (“Itsmyurls” or “we”) operates Itsmyurls.com. This Privacy Policy describes Itsmyurls’s use and sharing of personally identifiable information (“PII”-- your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number) that Members voluntarily provide to Itsmyurls when they register (also known as “Registration PII”). The Term “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member. This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by Itsmyurls, including any Itsmyurls-branded URL (the “Itsmyurls Website”), and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Itsmyurls in connection with the Itsmyurls Website (collectively, the “Itsmyurls Services”). The Itsmyurls Services are hosted in the United States. The Itsmyurls Website is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age. From time to time Itsmyurls may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of the Itsmyurls Services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by Itsmyurls on the Itsmyurls Website.

Your continued use of the Itsmyurls Services after Itsmyurls posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If Itsmyurls materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change. COLLECTION AND SUBMISSION OF PII AND NON-PII ON ITSMYURLS General. When Itsmyurls collects PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting Registration PII to us in order to register as a Member of Itsmyurls. Itsmyurls may also collect PII from you if you choose to participate in Itsmyurls Services activities like sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to Itsmyurls for review. In addition, Itsmyurls collects other non-PII including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type. 

This data is used to manage and improve the Itsmyurls Services, track usage, and for security purposes. Itsmyurls Members may also choose to provide or store non-PII information in their profiles, including but not limited to date of birth, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom they are affiliated (schools, companies). The Profile Information in a Member’s profile is provided at his or her sole discretion. Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that Itsmyurls places on your computer. Itsmyurls uses cookies to identify your Internet browser, store Users’ preferences, and determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on the Itsmyurls Services. 

Data in cookies may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide services. Third party advertisements displayed on Itsmyurls Services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers (known as “third party cookies”). Itsmyurls does not control these third party cookies and Users of the Itsmyurls Services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. See the “Notice” section below for more information on customized advertising on Itsmyurls. A pixel tag is a tiny image inserted in a webpage and used to record the number and types of views for that page. Itsmyurls may allow third party pixel tags to be present on Itsmyurls Services for purposes of advertising, providing services or data and statistics collection. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on the Itsmyurls Services. 

NOTICE: ITSMYURLS WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES When you voluntarily provide PII to Itsmyurls, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses Itsmyurls will make of the information to the extent it is being used in a manner that differs from what is allowed pursuant to this Privacy Policy. At the time you provide your PII, Itsmyurls will notify you of your options regarding our use of your PII (See “Choice” below). Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Itsmyurls will not share your PII with third parties unless you have given Itsmyurls permission to do so (See “Use” below). Itsmyurls Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Itsmyurls Services may also carry advertisements from other companies.

Itsmyurls is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the Itsmyurls Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave Itsmyurls Services via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you. 

Itsmyurls may use cookies and similar tools to customize the content and advertising you receive based on the Profile Information you have provided. Profile Information you provide in structured profile fields or questions (multiple choice questions like “Marital Status,” “Education” and “Children”) (“Structured Profile Information”), information you add to open-ended profile fields and questions (essay questions like “About Me,” “Interests” and “Movies”) (“Non-Structured Profile Information”) and other non-PII about you may also be used to customize the online ads you encounter to those we believe are aligned with your interests. For example, based on your music interests we might display an advertisement to make sure you are advised when your favorite band is coming to town. The information used for this feature does not provide your PII or identify you as an individual to third parties.

Some of the advertisements that appear on Itsmyurls Services may also be delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect non-PII about your visit to or use of Itsmyurls Services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address.

USE: ITSMYURLS'S USE OF PII  
Itsmyurls will only use the PII you provide under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If Itsmyurls obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy.

In order to locate other Itsmyurls Members that you may already know in the physical world, Itsmyurls allows Users to search for Members using Registration PII (i.e., full name or email address). 

If you have consented to receive promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications from Itsmyurls, Itsmyurls may periodically use your email address to send you such materials related to the Itsmyurls Services, as applicable. If you want to stop receiving such materials from Itsmyurls, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.   
Itsmyurls employees, agents and contractors must have a business reason to obtain access to your PII. Itsmyurls may share your PII with those who help us manage or provide Itsmyurls Services’ information activities (for example, message board administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses, data processing), or with outside contractors, agents or sponsors who help us with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions and sweepstakes.

These outside contractors, agents or sponsors may temporarily store some information on their servers, but they may only use your PII to provide Itsmyurls with a specific service and not for any other purpose. Itsmyurls may also provide your PII to a third party in those instances where you have chosen to receive certain information and have been notified that the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of your PII. Itsmyurls also may share your PII with Affiliated Companies if it has a business reason to do so.  
As described in “Notice” above, Itsmyurls may customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Itsmyurls Website, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-PII and/or Profile Information may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. Itsmyurls prohibits these companies from sharing your non-PII and/or Profile Information with any third party or from using it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by pixel tags, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with Itsmyurls’s advertisers and business partners.

There may be instances when Itsmyurls may access or disclose PII, Profile Information or non-PII without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Itsmyurls, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the Itsmyurls Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if Itsmyurls sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Itsmyurls may transfer your PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.  
When a Member who is located in the European Union chooses to post Profile Information that will be publicly disclosed, that Member is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws. Itsmyurls is not responsible under the EU local data protection laws for Member-posted information.

SECURITY: ITSMYURLS PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII  
Itsmyurls uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, Itsmyurls uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete.  
 

**ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR CHANGE YOUR PREFERENCES REGARDING YOUR PII AND HOW TO CONTACT ITSMYURLS ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS**  
Whenever possible, Itsmyurls Members may review the Registration PII we maintain about them in our records. We will take reasonable steps to correct any PII a Member informs us is incorrect.   
If you would like to communicate with us about this Privacy Policy or Itsmyurls’s collection and use of your PII please contact Itsmyurls at .[itsmyurls@gmail.com.](mailto:itsmyurls@gmail.com.)
