> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the itsybitsy.in privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519222231id_/http%3A//itsybitsy.in/store/index.php%3Fmain_page%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice : ITSY BITSY!, Indias Hobby, Craft & Activity Store

Privacy Policy  


 We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and we only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. We view protection of your privacy as a very important community principle. We understand clearly that you and your Information is one of our most important assets.  


If you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way please do not use the Site.  


We respect the privacy of our customers. As we develop our online presence, we will revise our Privacy Policy to reflect our practices and to meet any legislative or other requirements. 

  
Collection of Personal Information: 

We collect information directly from you in a number of ways, some of which are described in this Privacy Statement. One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to our site.   


TIP: If you are uncomfortable regarding cookies use, please keep in mind you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in preferences or options menu in your browser.   


BUT Disabling cookies may create problems while shopping on the site, you could complete your shopping and then disable/delete cookies   


We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us by registering as our client/customer on our site. We will collect information generated by our webservers for the purpose of assessing the technical performance of its systems and to enhance service levels. From time to time, we may also request and you may choose to provide us with personal information through the use of the Website or through email addresses available from our Website. If you do not provide us with the personal information that we request, we may not be able to properly assess your request for service and the level of service we can provide you may be reduced to the extent that you do not provide us with relevant information.   


We will not collect sensitive information about you from anyone else without your consent We at ITSY BITSY respect and value your privacy. When you buy a product from us, this privacy policy is part of the sales agreement. We may collect, use, retain or disclose information about you only for these legitimate purposes:   


  * To carry out the normal commercial operations of an on-line catalogue or in-store retail business. (These may include answering your product queries, processing your order and delivering or shipping you the product, obtaining payment, and maintaining proper tax and accounting records).   

  *  To send you catalogues, flyers and offers about the products we sell, unless you advise us not to.   

  *  To carry out any other activity which has your consent?   

  *  To comply with legal requirements or so that we can respond to any complaints or claims against us. When trusted third parties (such as our accountants or a delivery company) are performing a service for us or for you, we may provide them with our information about you only to the extent they need it to perform that service. We will not sell or lease information about you, with these exceptions:   

  *  If we reorganize our company, or sell or lease our business, the new entity, owner or operator will assume any rights we have in respect of our information about you. We would obtain reasonable assurances that your privacy would continue to be respected;   

  *  We may create and sell or provide data (i.e. figures on sales of a particular product in a particular month) that is in a form that does not permit you to be identified.   




Who has access to personal information collected by ITSY BITSY ?   


ITSY BITSY strictly controls access to your personal information to our employees who need this information in order to serve you or to employees who analyze our performance in order to measure and improve ITSY BITSY. Employees are kept up-to date with regard to the privacy and security practices of ITSY BITSY.   


ITSY BITSY reserves the right to co-operate with local, provincial and national officials in any investigation requiring either personal information including any personal information provided online through ITSY BITSY.in or reports about lawful and unlawful user activities on the Web site. If you ask us, we will remove any information about you from our files, unless some legitimate purpose makes its reasonable for us to retain it for some additional time. We will also review our files from time to time with a view to identifying and deleting stale information.   


The Information We Collect & How We Use It Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ways described below without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, we will fully cooperate should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.   


General Website Usage   


When you visit our Web Site, ITSY BITSY.in collects navigational information during each visitor's use of our Web site. This may include viewing online catalog or email promotion or voting in a survey. In the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected. The navigational information tells ITSY BITSY about the use of our Web site by visitors, including the areas of our site that are most visited or the time of a last visit to a page on our site. It also tells us about the technical efficiencies of our Web site and services (i.e. the time it takes a visitor to connect to our Web site or download pages).   


The navigational information helps us better understand a visitor's experience at ITSY BITSY and improve upon that experience by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer.   


Submitting a Form   


When you submit a form on our Web site to send us a comments/queries. These forms are sent electronically to ITSY BITSY and disbursed to the applicable internal departments only. The applicable department will use the information provided for the specific purpose for which it was submitted only. .

Sending an Email   


When you choose to send an email to any of the ITSY BITSY email addresses provided on our Web site, for example to send your enquiry for our products you are sending your email address. In such case, your emails are stored so that we may properly address your questions and concerns and your email address will only be used to answer the email received.   


Our Commitment to Data Security   


To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.   


How You Can Access or Correct Your Information   


You can access the information you provided to register for our various programs by logging into your account and accessing ‘My Account’. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

Please DO NOT share your login details with others, as we will not be responsible for any discrepancies created in your account details.  


Security Statement   


ITSY BITSY online credit card payments are forwarded to Axis bank for processing and then returned back to our site. 

JURISDICTION:

The terms of this agreement are exclusively based on and subject to Indian law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Bangalore, India in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this website.
