> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wedalert.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212135527id_/http%3A//www.wedalert.com/company_info/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wedding Planning for New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Florida Weddings. Find a Wedding Hall, Photographer, Photography, Entertainment, Band, DJ, and more for weddings in NY, NJ, CT, PA, or FL.

**Your Consent**

By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy, which was last updated on May 11, 2000. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it.

**What personal information we collect**  
General. WedAlert.com collects personal information necessary to respond to your requests for our customized products and services and to allow you to use the resources available on our website, including the creation and maintenance of a Wedding Account, a Wedding Website, a Wedding Calendar and for WedAlert messaging features. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, physical address, email address, phone number, age and any other information that itself identifies or, when tied to the above information, may identify you as a specific individual. WedAlert.com also collects information related to your wedding, including dates and places of the rehearsal, wedding and reception, name, address and phone number of wedding guests, and information relating to your gift registry and honeymoon. WedAlert.com also uses order forms for you to request certain information, products and services. On such order forms, we may collect your contact information, financial information (including credit card numbers) and demographic information. 

Contests and Online Surveys. WedAlert.com may sponsor contests to give you the opportunity to win great prizes. Your participation in these contests is entirely optional. Information we collect for such contests can include contact information and demographic information. WedAlert.com also values the opinions and comments from all of our users, so we may conduct surveys online, via e-mail, or by telephone. Your participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Information we collect in online surveys will include general information on the use of our site and other demographic information, such as age and income bracket. Survey participants are anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey. 

Cookies. "Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in several ways (and thousands of other sites are currently using them too!). Cookie files are used to better understand how you go through our website so that we may tailor your experience at our website. Cookies are also used to tell us whether you have visited our website previously, and to help us determine whether you came to our website from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. Cookies can also be used to help you to save and retrieve passwords and other information and preferences you use on our website, saving you from having to re-enter this information upon every visit to our website. Cookies cannot and will not be used by us to retrieve any personal information about you from your computer that you have not previously and voluntarily provided to us. However, cookies may also be received when you link to our partners’ sites or when you click on banner advertisements served by our outside advertising company and we do not have control over how they use this information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. However, most of our features will not function if you do not accept cookies. 

IP Addresses. When you connect to our website, we record your IP addresses and information on the type of operating system (e.g. Windows98) and browser software(e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape) you are using. This helps us to diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration. Your IP address is also used to help gather aggregated demographic information. Chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups. We make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to you. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please see Terms and Conditions of Use. 

**With whom your information is shared and how it is used:**

When you provide information to WedAlert.com, the information is stored in our databases, such information is used by WedAlert.com in accordance with this Privacy Policy in accordance with their policies. Information we collect is used to tailor your experience at our site (including the creation of an online bridal registry), to show you content that we think you might be interested in, and to display the content according to your preferences. We also use such personal information to send you information and promotional materials on us. Your contact information may also be used if it becomes necessary to contact you. 

Information collected by us may also be shared with third parties, such as product suppliers, airlines, car rental agencies, and travel agencies to ensure the successful fulfillment of your product orders or travel arrangements. 

Any information we collect may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. In addition, we may from time to time hire a third party to act on our behalf for projects such as market research surveys and contest entry processing, and we will provide information to these third parties specifically for use in connection with these projects. Survey and contest participation is entirely optional. The information we provide to such third parties will be protected by a confidentiality agreement that will obligate the third party to use such information solely to complete the specific project. 

In addition to the circumstances described above, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including (without limitation) when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. 

What choices you have over the collection and use of your information:   
As a user, customer, or contest entrant you will occasionally receive e-mail updates from us about important functionality changes, special offers from us, new WedAlert.com services and other noteworthy news items about us. We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative. Of course, if you would rather not receive them, just let us know by replying to one of the e-mails with "Remove” in the body of the e-mail. Our site also provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications from us at the point where we request information from you. In other words, if you don't want us to send you e-mails about our business, just let us know. WedAlert.com reserves the right to limit registration to those who will accept emails and to those who will provide the requested information. 

WedAlert.com provides you with the ability to receive e-mail subscriptions to various services we provide. If you elect to receive such e-mail subscriptions, you can opt-out of receiving future e-mails by logging in to your account and following the appropriate links. 

**Your ability to access, update or correct your information:**  
At any time, you can view and/or update all of the information contained in your Wedding Account and Wedding Website by logging in to your account and following the appropriate links. Your account log-in can be easily accessed by visiting our home page at www.WedAlert.com. However, even if you delete or change some personal information in our registration database, it may still be stored on our, or other third party, databases (including those kept for archival purposes). 

**Additional information about online privacy and changes to our policy:**  
Please be aware that on our site we have advertisements and links to other websites that may collect personal information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices or policies of such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all such sites, as their policies may be materially different from our Privacy Policy. Any material changes in the way we use personal information will be described in future versions of this Privacy Policy. Of course, you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices to our General Counsel at legal@WedAlert.com. Please reference the Privacy Policy in your subject line. We will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries within five business days of receipt.  


**WedAlert, Corp.  
952 Main Street  
Hackensack, NJ 07601  
201-996-1980  
WedAlert.com **
