> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the weddings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630151608id_/https%3A//www.theknot.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

At The Knot, we care deeply about privacy. We believe in transparency about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to www.theknot.com, other The Knot web sites, online services, mobile and other applications and subsets thereof (each referred to herein as a "Site") and The Knot’s pages and other presences on various social networking platforms.

This Policy describes how The Knot collects, stores and uses the personal information you provide through the Sites. We created this Policy to explain the types of information we collect through the Sites, how we will use, disclose and protect this information once it is collected, and how you may be able to opt-out of some of our uses and disclosures of your information. By visiting this Site, you agree to the terms of this Policy as they may be amended from time to time. You can read The Knot’s full Privacy Policy below.

**As we further describe below, we may share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes.** You can elect for us not to do so by editing your preferences in your account profile at <https://www.theknot.com/account/settings> or by emailing us at [help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com) (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). See "Your California Privacy Rights" below for additional information.

Here are a few general principles to keep in mind as you read through this Policy:

  * This Site is owned or operated by XO Group Inc. or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates (referred to collectively in this Policy as "The Knot," "we," "us," "our" and other similar pronouns).
  * As our business evolves, this Policy may change, so check back to this page periodically to make sure you understand how your Personal Information will be treated.
  * This Policy is incorporated into, and part of, our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Site as a whole. Additionally, this Policy may be supplemented from time to time by other terms that apply to specific Sites. All capitalized terms used herein without definition are given the meanings ascribed to them in our Terms of Use found here: <https://www.theknot.com/terms-and-conditions>.
  * Unless otherwise specified, this Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than from you through our Site, such as over the phone, by mail, or in person.
  * **Advertisements that may be displayed to you on this Site and other sites may be customized to your interests and preferences based on your Personal Information and Site usage information (as further described below) collected through our Site or elsewhere online. You may be able to opt out of such advertisements, so visit<http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> and <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/> for more information. If you opt-out, we may still suggest offerings to you on our Site based on your history at our Site.**
  * **If you are located outside of the United States, the information you provide to us is being transmitted to us and processed in the United States and will be protected subject to this Policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country. Also, this Site places cookies and local shared objects on your computer or device, as further described below. This Site is not intended to collect personal information from outside the United States and Canada. By using the Site, you agree to this.**



**Opt In and Opt Out**

You may have the right to opt in to or opt out of certain of our uses and disclosures of your Personal Information (as defined below). For example, when you are asked to provide Personal Information on this Site, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to, receive promotional messages from us by e-mail or Text Messaging (as defined below). You may unsubscribe from our promotional emails by editing your preferences in your account profile on the Site, or by clicking on the opt-out link within the e-mail you receive. To opt out of our Text Messaging, please follow the instructions provided in connection with the particular Text Messaging campaign. Please understand that it may take us some time to process any opt out request and that even if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us. You may also tell us that you do not want us to share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes by editing your preferences in your Site member profile, or by emailing us at [help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com) (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). To stop receiving promotional messages from third parties who already have your contact information, please contact them directly.

**What information is collected on this Site?**

**_Personal Information_**

While you may be able to visit and view content on the Site without providing any Personal Information, we may collect Personal Information on or through the Site in various circumstances.

"Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you or contact you as an individual, as well as information attributed with such information. Personal Information may include, for example: your name; age or date of birth; postal address; e-mail address; telephone number; wireless device address; text message address; screen name or username; photograph or photographs you may provide to the Site; gender; geolocation information; payment card and other payment information; event dates and related information; information about your family; and interests, hobbies and demographic information. We collect Personal Information via the Site in a variety of circumstances, such as when you conduct a transaction on our Site; create an account on our Site; edit your online profile; sign up for our newsletters; sign up for certain services; make online purchases; enter sweepstakes and contests; complete surveys; contribute to a chat room, bulletin board, message board, listserv, blog, wiki or other social forum on the Site; or submit a comment or question to us by using a "contact us" or similar feature on the Site.

**_Your Location_**

We may also automatically receive your location or other information when you use our services or services linked to our Site (including calendars, our mobile apps, or when you submit a photo or other materials that contain geographic information in its metadata). We may use various technologies to determine location, such as location services of your operating system or browser and sensor data from your computer or device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.

On some of our Sites, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or access certain content unless you provide us with the requested Personal Information.

A "tell-a-friend" tool, guest list manager or similar feature on the Site or in our e-mails and other communications allows you to send information about our Sites, services or offerings to another person. You may be able to provide us information about other people involved in your event, such as your significant other, wedding party or guests (including by permitting such feature to access contacts on your mobile device, or uploading a document containing contact information). When you use these services, we will typically ask you for the name or other information ( _e.g.,_ email address) of the other person. This information will be treated in accordance with this Policy. With such features, we may automatically send an email, text message (as further described in this Policy) or other communication inviting your "friend" or guest ( _i.e._ , the third party whose information you submit using such feature) to visit the Site, read the content or view the content or vendor, and your friend may elect to receive a reminder email, text message (as further described in this Policy) or other communication in advance of your wedding or other event and may contact us at [help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com) to request that we remove this information from our database (and in some cases, may be able to opt out of receiving future promotional communications from us). We may store this information for purposes of sending this communication, providing you with services, tailoring ads displayed on the Site and elsewhere to the friend’s interests and history with us and tracking the success of such features.

We may offer an Internet or mobile-based call or similar feature on the Site that enables you to call merchants or other third parties that are featured on the Site, such as vendors of products and services that we think you may be interested in. If you use this feature to call a third party through the Site, we may record the phone call and any message you leave for the third party, as well as call information such as the number dialed, the date and time of the call and its duration, and your location as determined by your area code or as otherwise permitted. We may use this information for analytics, auditing and other purposes. If we record such a call, you will be notified of this recording when using this feature.

**_Site Usage Information_**

As is the case with many Web sites, our servers may automatically collect your IP address when you visit the Site, and we may associate that with your domain name or that of your Internet access provider. We may also capture certain "clickstream data" pertaining to your usage of and navigation around the Site. Clickstream data includes, for example, information about your computer or device, Web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to the Site, the pages or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, the next Web site you visit when you leave the Site and any search terms you have entered on the Site or a referral site. All of this information may be used for a variety of purposes, including, for example, to gather aggregated demographic or statistical information.

In addition, we may deploy various tracking technologies on, or third-party software or services that may operate in the background of, the Site to collect additional information about your Site visits including for security or other operational reasons. These technologies, software or services may be collected by third-party technology providers and used in accordance with the applicable third-party’s privacy policy (including, without limitation, the Google Privacy Policy), or may enable us to, for example, assign a unique number to you, collect information about your usage of our Site, administer the Site and our systems, or relate such Site usage information to other information about you, including your Personal Information.

Examples of the types of tracking technologies deployed on the Site include the following:

  * "Cookies" are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a Web site. In addition to the general purposes listed above, cookies may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past, and relate your use of the Site to other information about you, such as other Site usage information and Personal Information. Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on the Site (for example, by storing your username) and/or to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, limit your use of the Site or its features. To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them, click [here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/).
  * "Local shared objects, such as "Flash cookies," may be stored on your computer or device using a media player or other software installed on your computer or device. Local shared objects operate much like cookies, but cannot be managed in the same way. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118).
  * A "pixel tag" (also known as a "clear GIF" or "web beacon") is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you’ve opened one of our emails or seen one of our Web pages.
  * "HTML5" (the language some Web sites, such as mobile Web sites, are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Site usage activities and to help determine how our Site is being used by our visitors, how it can be improved and to customize it for our users.



The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf. For example, we currently use, and/or in the future may use certain third-party service providers to collect Site usage information and track traffic to, from and around the Sites. To find out more about how your Site usage information is collected through the practices of, and how you may be able to opt out of certain information by, such third parties, click [here](https://web.archive.org/third-party-analytics).

**By using our Site, you agree to our use of these tracking technologies.**

**Do Not Track Disclosures**

Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not change our tracking practices (which are explained in more detail directly above) in response to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.

Our third-party partners, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across our Site and other online properties. These third parties may not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings. Information about how to opt-out from your data being used by third parties can be found above under "Site Usage Information."

**How we may use your information**

We (or one of our service providers, on our behalf) may use your information (including your Personal Information and Site usage information) for a variety of purposes, such as the following:

  * processing and fulfilling your transactions
  * administering the Site, the Site’s features and services, and your account with us ( _e.g._ , when you request a quote for any service you may need or when you sign up as a vendor)
  * enabling users to use the Site and the Site’s features and services
  * responding to your requests, questions and concerns
  * developing new features and offerings on the Site
  * research, analytics and development of the Site and other products and services
  * sending you marketing and other communications, including information about products, services and events, of ours and of others, that we think might interest you. You may opt out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the “Opt In and Opt Out” section above.
  * protecting our rights and property
  * customizing the Site to your interests and history with us
  * tailoring ads displayed to you on our Site and elsewhere to your interests and history with us
  * other purposes described at the time you choose to provide Personal Information to us



To perform the above functions, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Site usage information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources (including third parties) such as demographic information and updated contact information. We or our service providers may also use your information to assess the level of interest in, and use of, the Site, our e-mails and our other messaging campaigns both on an individual basis and in the aggregate.

**How we may share Personal Information and Site usage information with others**

We may share the information we collect on the Site with others for a variety of reasons. In addition to the kinds of information sharing you might expect, such as sharing with our subsidiaries, affiliates and third-party providers who need your information in order to provide services to us or on our behalf, we may share your information:

  * with our affiliates and other third parties ( _e.g._ , pre-screened organizations that have offerings we think may interest you, retailers and other third-party partners) for their marketing and other purposes (including, without limitation, providing product samples), unless you tell us not to by following the instructions in the “Opt-in and Opt-out” section above;
  * including limited personal information, such as your first name, first initial of your last name, wedding location and theme and color preferences, with our affiliates and other third parties ( _e.g._ , pre-screened organizations that have offerings we think may interest you, [registry program participants](https://www.theknot.com/retailer-privacy-policies), retailers, and other third-party partners or program participants) for their marketing and other purposes;
  * with our co-sponsor(s) if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, offering or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties, unless you tell us not to by following the instructions in the “Opt-in and Opt-out” section above;
  * when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government, judicial or other legal request, or to comply with the law;
  * in connection with a corporate change or dissolution, including for example a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets or wind-down of a business.



If you communicate with a vendor you connect with through the Site, including via our chat, inbox or other similar communication or messaging features or services (including through our "request a quote" feature), we may share personally identifiable information about you and your event (such as your name, email address, location and wedding details), as well as the contents of your message, so that the vendor may contact you with customized offers and messages and use your information pursuant to such vendor’s privacy policy, user agreement or other policies in place governing such vendor’s use of your information. For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via this service. We reserve the right to monitor messaging between you and our vendors for security and training purposes.

In addition, we may share non-personally identifiable Site usage information (including aggregate data) with others, for their use, in a form that does not include your name or contact information.

If you participate in certain public or community areas of our Site (such as a chat room, message board, blog) or create a public profile, the information you voluntarily disclose will be accessible to other Site members and, in some cases, the general public. You should be cautious about the information you submit to these areas ( _e.g._ , make up a username that does not disclose your personal identity). On some of our Sites, you may choose to make your online registries available to guests and friends via a password. If you do not elect this option, then anyone visiting the Site will be able to search for and view your registry by using your first and/or last name and other information regarding your event. Our message boards, blogs or other areas on the Sites are or may be managed by a third party that may require you to register to post a comment. If they do, we do not have access or control of the information posted to such Site areas. You will need to contact or log in to the third party’s application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party uses your information, please review their privacy policy.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. As discussed above, if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, edit your preferences in your account profile at <https://www.theknot.com/account/settings>, or email us at [help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com) (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). To find out more about your opt-out rights, see the "Opt-in and Opt-out Section" section above.

**Social Networking**

We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, WordPress, Pinterest and Google Plus. We may incorporate some third-party social networking features onto our Site or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Site or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features, we receive some Personal Information and some Site usage information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social networking or blogging platforms we utilize (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, WordPress, Pinterest and Google) have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your information ( _e.g._ , if you establish an account with such platform providers directly).

**Mobile Apps**

We may make available mobile applications (or "apps") that you are able to download and use from your mobile device. Depending on the nature and functionality of the app, we may collect Personal Information and non-personally identifiable usage information through the app, including from your contacts, camera, photo gallery and calendar on your mobile device to which you grant us access. The app also may collect information about your mobile device, such as your device’s unique device ID (UDID), the IP address of your mobile device, device type, operating system and connection information ( _e.g._ , Wi-Fi, LTE, 4G, 3G). If you opt-in, some of our apps may collect your device’s precise real-time location, and in such cases, you may be able to opt out from further allowing us to have access to such location data by managing your location preferences in the app and/or on your device. This Policy may be supplemented from time to time with additional terms applicable to individual apps, or individual apps may be subject to separate privacy policies of which we will notify you by posting them on such apps.

**Third-Party Ad Servers and Networks**

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site or elsewhere online. These companies may use information about your visits to this Site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These advertisements may appear on this Site and on other Web sites. These companies may employ cookies, clear GIFs and other tracking technologies to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you.  **For more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s consumer Web site at  <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/> or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Web site at <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>**. We encourage you to read these businesses’ privacy policies to learn about how they treat your information.

**Wireless Addresses**

If the e-mail address you provide to us is a wireless e-mail address, you agree to receive messages from us at such address, subject to your opt-out rights as described in the “Opt In and Opt Out” section above. You may change your e-mail preferences at any time, but your wireless carrier’s standard rates will apply as long as you are receiving messages at a wireless e-mail address. If you give us a wireless e-mail address, you represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the device on which messages will be received and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.

**Text Message Service and Other Communication**

We may seek to send messages to you on your wireless device via short message service ("Text Messaging"). By joining a text message program, you give us your prior express written consent to receive Text Messaging, including promotional messages, from us to the mobile device associated with that number using automated technology, automatic dialing-announcing devices and/or prerecorded messages, even if your number is listed on the federal or state "do not call" registries, unless and until you elect not to receive such messages by following the opt-out instructions provided in connection with the particular campaign. You are not required to agree to this in order to purchase goods or services from us. Message and data rates may apply.

You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the device you use to sign up for Text Messaging, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. You may not consent on behalf of someone else. You must be 18 years of age or older and reside in the United States to use our Text Messaging.

You must first register and provide all required Personal Information, such as your name, text address, wireless carrier, and billing information (if fees are applicable to the Text Messaging), which may be either your payment card information or mobile service carrier information. We may obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of Text Messaging. We may also access the content of your account and/or wireless account with your carrier for the purpose of identifying and resolving technical problems and/or service-related complaints. We will use the information we obtain in connection with Text Messaging in accordance with this Policy.

You may opt out of any recurring or subscription Text Messaging at any time by texting “STOP” in response to any such text messages or by following the instructions provided in connection with the particular campaign, but your wireless carrier’s standard rates will apply to any messages you receive. Your opt-out will be effective once we send you a text confirmation of your opt-out. You will then be placed on our "do-not-contact" list for marketing purposes. (We may still contact you about your transactions with us.) Text “HELP” in response to any of our text messages or follow the instructions provided to you for help. If you are a Nevada resident, you may contact the Nevada Attorney General for more information about your opt out rights by calling 775-684-1100, emailing bcpinfo@ag.state.nv.us, or by writing to: Office of the Attorney General, Nevada Department of Justice, Bureau of Consumer Protection, 100 North Carson Street, Carson City, NV 89701-4717.

You agree to enter into, sign and receive this consent to receive text messages electronically. Print or download these terms using your Internet-connected computer or device and web browser to retain a copy of your consent. You can withdraw your consent electronically. Email us at [help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com) to request a free copy of your consent.

Mobile access is required for Text Messaging, and text messages are not available on some carriers and devices. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide information to your carrier about them. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies.

**Your Access Rights**

You may be able to review, update or modify certain of the Personal Information that is stored in a user account set up with us on the Site (if you have one with us on the Site) by logging in to the "My Account" or similar area of the Site or by contacting us using the "Contact Us" information below. We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information. Your right to delete your information is subject to our records retention policies.

**Security**

We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of Personal Information collected on this Site. Payment card information is processed by third-party payment processors pursuant to their applicable privacy policies. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise.

If you correspond with us by e-mail, text message or using Web forms like a "contact us" feature on our Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you create an account on our Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.

If we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail to the most recent e-mail address you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your e-mail address in your account up to date. You can change that e-mail address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your e-mail account using your computer or mobile device and email application software. **You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the U.S. Postal Service to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at[help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com)** (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). You can make this election any time, and it will apply to notifications we make after a reasonable time thereafter for us to process your request. You may also use this e-mail address to request a print copy, at no charge, of an electronic notice we have sent to you regarding a compromise of your Personal Information.

**Links to other Web sites**

The Site may contain links, banners, widgets or advertisements ( _e.g._ , a "Share It!" button) that lead to other Web sites not subject to this Privacy Policy (including other sites that may be co-branded with our brands). Thus, the posted policies of these other sites will govern the collection and use of your information thereon, and we encourage you to read each such privacy statement to learn about how your information may be treated by others. Additionally, on some of our Sites, you may be able to register with or purchase directly from third-party retailers, and these other companies’ information practices are governed by their privacy policies.

**Children under the Age of 13**

The Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not register on the Site, make purchases through the Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at [security@theknot.com](mailto:security@theknot.com).

**Changes to this Policy**

We may change this Policy from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by posting the changed Policy on this page with a new "Last Updated" date. In some cases (for example, if we make certain material changes), we may inform you by additional means, such as by sending you an e-mail. In some cases, we may obtain your consent to the changes.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you should first contact The Knot Member Services by emailing [help@theknot.com](mailto:help@theknot.com) and writing "Privacy Policy" in the subject line. You may also write to The Knot Member Services at 195 Broadway, Floor 25, New York, NY 10007 or call (877) 843-5668.

**Last Updated: December 27** **, 2017.**

Previous version of this Privacy Policy may be found [here](https://www.theknot.com/static/legal/privacy-policy-previous-last-update-2016-3-14.html).
