> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wedplan.net privacy policy that was archived on 2006-02-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060217225643id_/http%3A//wedplan.net/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WedPlan - Privacy Policy

## WedPlan ~ Privacy Policy

  1. WedPlan is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors. We believe that our visitors have a right to know about the information gathering practices regarding our Web site and have produced this Privacy Policy in an effort to present those practices. 
  2. By making use of this Web site, you hereby accept the Privacy Policy of this Web site. Use is defined as, including without limitation, obtaining information from or submitting information to WedPlan servers. Information is defined as, including without limitation, Web site links, phone numbers, directory listings, advice, tips, or any other data provided by WedPlan, its affiliates, or third party service providers. If you do not agree with the privacy policies of this Web site, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site. 
  3. This Web site may generally be used without providing personally identifiable information. The site does log certain general information about site visitors such as IP address, domain and site referral information, user agent and platform information, and time and date. This information is used to help us ensure that our site is accessible by the widest range of visitors possible and to determine which pages are of particular interest. Cookies are not used unless site visitors specifically utilize certain features of the site, such as asking that the site remember certain information about them, including without limitaion, user ids and passwords. Cookies will expire after a predetermined amount of time and should generally not affect the ability of site visitors to access most areas of the website. 
  4. WedPlan will not share your personal information with any other parties without your consent, unless permitted or required by law, or under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety or property of our users, the public, or ourselves. 
  5. In order to provide you with personalized services, such as a free My WedPlan™ account, you may be asked to submit personal information including name, email address, phone number, and other information that pertains to the wedding services of interest to you. In these cases, you will always be made aware that personal information is being collected. By submitting your information to WedPlan, you hereby consent to this Privacy Policy and to the Terms of Service of this Web site. 
  6. WedPlan uses high grade 128-bit Secure Socket Layers (SSL) encryption to protect the integrity of all credit card transmissions to our servers. For added security, credit card information such as card number, card type, and expiration date, is never stored on our servers. 
  7. WedPlan makes every effort to prevent unauthorized access to any and all information that you may submit to our servers. We cannot, however, guarantee that unauthorized access to this information will never occur. In the unlikely event that a breach in site security is determined, we will make every attempt to notify you of the matter. Due to the existing legal regulatory and security environment, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other personally indentifiable information will not be disclosed voluntarily or involuntarily to third parties. Under certain circumstances, the government or third parties may lawfully or unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, in the unlikely event that we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can disclose any information about you to private entities, law enforcement, or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. WedPlan reserves the right to deny access to any or all features of the site in cases where we believe fraud, abuse, or misrepresentation has been committed by a site visitor. 
  8. Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. 
  9. Material changes in the privacy policy of this Web site will be posted on this page, [http://www.wedplan.net/legal/privacy/](https://web.archive.org/%22http://www.wedplan.net/legal/privacy//%22) without other written, verbal, or electronic communication. 
  10. Inquiries or concerns regarding the privacy policies of this Web site may be sent via electronic mail to: [privacy@wedplan.net](https://web.archive.org/%22mailto:privacy@wedplan.net/%22). 


