> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the entercom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191231005035id_/https%3A//entercom.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Terms - Entercom Communications

This Privacy Policy discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for any (i) website; (ii) mobile, tablet automotive in-dash, Smart-TV, OTT (over the top), and/or smart speaker application; (iii) email, listener club and/or text distribution list; and (iv) any other online interactive feature or service not known or hereafter devised that provides an authorized link or URL to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the **“Services”** or **“Entercom Services”** ) owned, operated and/or offered by Entercom Communications Corp. and its subsidiaries (collectively, **“Entercom”** , **“Us”** or **“We”** ). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Entercom Services. For a list of all Entercom radio stations and their respective primary associated websites, please visit www.entercom.com.

**Scope of Privacy Policy.** This Privacy Policy describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit the Entercom Services or that you provide to Us through other means; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at Entercom. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Entercom Services.

**Information Collected.** You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit an Entercom Service, although some information may be collected automatically as described below. Entercom may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain Services, access various content or features, or contact the Services directly, including:

  * Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number, facsimile number, and mobile number;
  * User name, password, and password reminder questions and answers;
  * Age and date of birth;
  * Other demographic information, such as gender, job information, and postal code;
  * Public information, including profile information, you provide to the Entercom Services for publication, such as your user name, comments, likes, interests, status, pictures and the address of your website;
  * Communications preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive;
  * Search queries;
  * In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number, social security number or comparable national identifiers, and driver’s license number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g., contests);
  * Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular website or service (note: such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested);
  * Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features;
  * Correspondence you send to Us; and
  * Information collected about you offline (including via facsimile, postal mail, or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms).



**Information We Collect Automatically on Entercom Services.** Entercom Services may collect certain information automatically, including:

  * Your browser type and operating system;
  * Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
  * Websites you visited before and after visiting an Entercom Service;
  * Information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit a web page within Entercom Services, Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within Entercom Services, the amount of time you spend viewing web pages on the Services, the number of times you return to web pages on the Services and other clickstream data;
  * Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of such devices, and other location-based data in accordance with applicable law;
  * Information collected through cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies;
  * Information about your interactions with audio and video content, such as the type of content listened to (including music applications such as iTunes, Spotify and Last.fm) and content viewed, and information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded;
  * Upon request, your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer; and
  * Standard server log information.



**Information We Obtain from Other Sources.** Where permitted by applicable law, We may collect information about you from other sources, including through interactive applications (e.g., mobile devices, third party services, and embedded audio and video players), from co-branded partners and websites (for example, on our Facebook pages), and from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases). The following are examples of information We may collect from other sources:

  * Name, postal address, and telephone number;
  * Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;
  * If you access third party services (e.g., Facebook, Google+ or Twitter) through an Entercom Service, your username and password for those services and other information available about you on those services, as described in Entercom’s Terms of Use;
  * Your interests and purchase behavior;
  * Publicly-observed data, such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings; and
  * Other navigation data, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.



This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to Entercom.

**Combining Information.** Please note that all of the information We collect about you may be combined, including to help Us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Entercom Services.

**Use of Information.** We only use payment and identity verification information, such as credit card numbers, driver’s license numbers, social security numbers, or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service (e.g., paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners) or as otherwise required by law.  
We generally use other information We collect about you to:

  * Fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you electronic newsletters, authorize a purchase, and complete a transaction that you have requested;
  * Communicate with you about your purchases and your requests for information;
  * Respond to your customer service inquiries;
  * Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes and message boards;
  * Provide you with special offers and promotional materials on behalf of Entercom Services, companies within our corporate family, and third parties, in accordance with applicable law;
  * Analyze the use of Entercom Services and information about visitors to our Services, including data indicating your physical location, to understand and improve our offerings, the effectiveness of our advertising and programming, for research, analytical and other business purposes and, in accordance with our sharing policies, discussed below, to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings;
  * Customize the content you see when you visit an Entercom Service;
  * Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests;
  * Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with the Entercom Terms of Use; and
  * For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time We collect your information or pursuant to your consent.



**Disclosure of Information Collected.** Entercom is committed to maintaining your trust and We want you to understand when and with whom We may share information collected about you. With your consent, We may share your contact information with third party marketing partners. For example, Entercom Services such as Eventful offer updates about local events if you allow your information to be shared with third-parties so that they may contact you by email, postal mail, telephone or other common communications methods about their events, products or services.

**Authorized Third Party Service Providers.** We share your contact information with third party vendors who help Us with specialized services, including customer support, email and text message deployment, business analytics, marketing, suppression list management, payment processing and data processing. These third parties are allowed to use your contact information to help Us provide our services and not for any other purpose. Also, authorized third party service providers may collect non-contact information about your visits to our Services with cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies that may be used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests.

**Sweepstakes, Contests, or Promotions.** When you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions, your information may be disclosed to our sponsors and to third parties who help administer the promotion, including in connection with winner selection prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis. Your information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list. Further, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, including allowing our sponsors to use your name, voice, and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law. All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion.

**Co-Branded Partners.** Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom an Entercom Service may offer jointly a service or feature. You will be able to tell when you are accessing a service or feature offered by a Co-Branded Partner, because the Co-Branded Partner’s name will be featured prominently. You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner. By doing so, you may be providing your information to both Us and the Co-Branded Partner, or We may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner. Please note that the Co-Branded Partner’s privacy policy may also apply to its use of your information.

**Entercom Services and Other Entercom Businesses.** Entercom continues to expand its online presence in order to offer users rich and deep interactive experiences. Where permitted by law, We may share information We collect about you with other Entercom affiliated companies, for our analytical and business needs to determine the effectiveness of our programming and advertising, to provide you with information about products and services that might interest you, or for other reasons related to our business.

**Business Transfers.** We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a radio station participating in the Entercom Services, a merger, consolidation, asset sale or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

**Legal Requirements.** We may disclose information about our users, including contact information, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and other law enforcement measures, and to comply with other legal obligations, such as FCC requirements. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.

**Protect Entercom Services and Users.** We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights, interests, and safety of Entercom Services, other Entercom companies, and their employees, agents, and contractors (including enforcing our agreements); to protect the safety and security of users of the Services and members of the public; to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our policies, or as otherwise required by law; and as otherwise disclosed in the Entercom Terms of Use. Please note that We may share information with advertisers as described in the Entercom Terms of Use. In addition, information collected about your interactions with audio and video content may be shared with third parties, including third party social networking services such as Facebook, and video measurement and subscription services such as Nielsen, as described in our overview of video services and social networking. Finally, We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties to help Us develop content and services We hope will interest you or to help these third parties develop their own product and service offerings, including targeted marketing, as described in our overview of third party online advertising.

**Your Choices.** You can choose to enjoy content and features on Entercom Services without providing Us directly with any information about you; however, as described above, some information may be collected automatically or be requested so that you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on Entercom Services. You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular Entercom Service or other service by following the instructions contained in any such message or by contacting Us directly. Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages, We may still need to send you communications relating to your use of the Entercom Services, such as service announcements. You have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device (see the Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies of this Privacy Policy). Finally, you also have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements (see the Third Party Online Advertising section of this Privacy Policy).

**Access.** If you choose to share contact information with Us, you may have the opportunity to update that information on an Entercom Service. You also may update or amend your information by contacting Us. If you ask Us to shut down your account or delete your information, We will disable your account within a reasonable period of time. Please note that We may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations. For example, some of your information may remain in backup storage even if you ask Us to delete it. In some cases, you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that We hold relating to you.

**Protection of Information.** We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using Entercom Services, but We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Us. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data while you are on the Internet. At a minimum, We encourage you to make sure that you are using a secure browser as you surf the Internet. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s website for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.

**Transfer of Data Internationally.** Entercom is headquartered in the United States and may have affiliates, vendors, and other third parties with which We do business in other countries. Please be aware that information you provide to Us or that We obtain as a result of your use of the Entercom Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law. The privacy and data protection laws in the country to which your information is transferred may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using and participating in any Entercom Services or providing Us with your information, you consent to the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your information.

**For California Visitors Only.** Entercom may from time to time share your personal information with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not want us to share your personal information with such third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please let us know by contacting us by email at  **privacy@entercom.com**  [ _For spam filtering purposes,_ only _email with the subject line_ **“Entercom Privacy Request”** _will be read_ ] or by mail at Entercom Communications Corp.  Attn: Internet Privacy Manager, 401 E. City Avenue, Suite 809, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004.  We will process your opt-out request within 30 days of our receipt.

**Entercom Privacy Protections for Children.** Entercom’s websites are general audience websites which are not directed to children generally, including children under the age of thirteen (13). Entercom does not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, we will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from our databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under thirteen (13), please contact us at **privacy@entercom.com**  [ _For spam filtering purposes, only email with the subject line_ **“Entercom Privacy Request”** _will be read_ ].

Minors under 18 years of age may have the Personal Information that they provide to us through the Entercom Services deleted by sending an email requesting deletion to **privacy@entercom.com**  [ _For spam filtering purposes,_ only _email with the subject line_ **“Entercom Privacy Request”** _will be read_ ]. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.

**User-Generated Content.** Some Entercom Services enable users to submit their own content for use in contests, blogs, over-the-air radio broadcasts, online audio and video streams, message boards, and other functions. Publication of user-generated content on the Entercom Services is subject to the Entercom Terms of Use. Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and to exercise caution when choosing to disclose your contact, financial, and other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. You should also be aware that We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs, message boards and similar functions. This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the Entercom Services, but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service.

**Third Party Websites and Services.**  
Please note that some Entercom Services may contain links to other websites and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, and We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each website that you visit. When you select a link to a third party website from an Entercom Service (e.g., if you link to PayPal to pay for a product or service offered by an Entercom Service), you will be leaving the Entercom website. Any information that you disclose on the third party website will be governed by that website’s privacy policy.

**Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies.** Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored in separate files within your computer’s Internet browser. Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit, and by the companies that show advertisements on these websites, so that they can recognize the same browser.  
Web beacons (sometimes called transparent GIFs, clear GIFs, or web bugs) are small strings of code that provide a way for Us to deliver a small graphic image (usually invisible) on a web page or in an email. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.

**How Entercom Services Use Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies.** Entercom Services use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies for the following general purposes:

  * To help Us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and to save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services. For example, if you register on an Entercom Service, that Service may use a cookie to identify you so that you will not have to log in each time you visit the Service.
  * To help Us customize the content and advertisements you are shown while visiting Entercom Services and potentially other websites.
  * To help measure and research the effectiveness of our online content, features, advertisements and other communications.



Entercom Services may also allow third parties to place their own cookies within your browser in order to serve you relevant advertising online, to help Us measure traffic and effectiveness as described above, to provide you with access to social media networks, functionality and services, and to allow Us to conduct surveys and research in which you agree to participate. For instance, Facebook, Google and Twitter place their cookies on Entercom Services to support social network integration and functionality and for use according to their respective privacy policies. For more information, please see the Entercom Terms of Use.

Web beacons are used to improve your experience on the Entercom Services, including helping provide you with content customized to your interests. They also help Us understand whether users read email messages and click on links contained in those messages so that We can deliver relevant content and offers. Our web beacons may collect some contact information (e.g., the email address associated with an email that contains a web beacon).  
Entercom Services also may include third party web beacons. These web beacons allow third party service providers to collect certain information such as your IP address, your browser type, and the web page that you visited before arriving at and after leaving Entercom Services. These service providers process the information they collect to audit, research, and report information about the Entercom Services and advertisements viewed on the Entercom Services. Third parties that use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies to help Us with traffic measurement, research and analytics include Adobe Analytics, comScore, Google Analytics, Nielsen, and ConfirmIT. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. Please note that We do not share your contact information with these third parties.

Also, authorized third party service providers may collect non-contact information about your visits to our Services with cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies that may be used to deliver advertisements or marketing tailored to your interests. These third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. To opt out of targeted advertisements on third party sites, please see the Managing Third Parties’ Behaviorally Targeted Advertising Cookies on Your Computer section of this Privacy Policy.

When you use our search function, your web browser also may send the Internet address, or URL, of the search results page to a third party webpage as part of standard HTTP web protocol. The URL of the search results page may sometimes contain the keywords used in the search query you entered. Some of the advertisements you see may be based on these keywords.

By continuing to use Entercom Services, you consent to our use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies as described above. To find out more about how you can manage cookies, web beacons and the other similar technologies, see the Managing Cookies section of this Privacy Policy.

**How Third Parties Use Cookies and Other Similar Technologies.** Some of the advertisements you see on Entercom Services are delivered by third parties who also collect information through cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies about your online and offline activities, including mobile advertising IDs, either on our Services or across the Internet, so that they may understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored to your interests. These third parties include advertisers, advertising agencies, and ad networks that may collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements. In addition, Entercom works with third parties to help Us track the advertisements that are delivered to you to control the number of times you receive the same advertisement, and to analyze the effectiveness of advertising on the Entercom Services. Please note that Entercom does not have access to the information these third parties may collect about your interests to deliver relevant advertising to you. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

**Do Not Track.** Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals, which is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users opt out of tracking by websites and online services. Since uniform standards for “Do Not Track” signals have not been adopted, Entercom Services do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals.

**Mobile Devices.** Certain mobile devices provide various capabilities that can be used, for example, to identify the physical location of such devices. Mobile devices also transmit Caller ID data when a call is made or text message is sent. Entercom Services may collect, use, transmit, process and maintain unique identifiers, Caller ID data, location-based data, and other similar information (collectively “Unique Identifier Information”) when you use your mobile devices, including to provide the services you request, tell you about offers We think you will value and improve your experience on Entercom Services. We also may share Unique Identifier Information with our business partners and use it for our analytical or business needs to determine the effectiveness of our programming and advertising or for other reasons related to our business. Entercom Services also may require you to provide your mobile phone number to participate in certain services or features and that number may be associated with such information.

**Managing Cookies.** Whether cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device is something you can control. A number of companies that use cookies to collect information about your online activities using web-based advertising are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). The NAI offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from member companies. To opt out of information collection by NAI member companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit the NAI consumer opt-out page. Also, through the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites. If you opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on our Services, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.

**Managing Flash Cookies.** Flash cookies, also called local shared objects (LSOs), function similarly to standard cookies except that they are often larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash Player. In some cases, these Flash cookies can be managed through browser settings. Adobe also provides a means of controlling Flash cookies on its Flash Player: Setting Manager page.

**Managing Cookies on Entercom Mobile Applications.** Entercom may place cookies on your mobile device if you download Entercom applications (“Apps”). You may be provided with an opportunity to reject cookies before downloading an Entercom App, but by downloading an App, you will be deemed to have consented to the collection of information from your mobile device.

**Entercom Online Advertising.** In order to customize your experience on the Entercom Services, We may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies to collect information about the content and advertisements you view on our Services and the websites of our business partners. We try to infer your interests and show content and advertising that is more relevant to you. For example, if you access an article about computers on one Entercom Service, We may show you a computer-related advertisement on another Entercom Service based on your apparent interests. We also may receive information from third parties about you and your activities on other websites for the purpose of serving relevant advertisements to you. For example, if you access an article on a third party website about computers, We may use that information to serve you with a computer-related advertisement on an Entercom Service. Please note that We may share information about our users with advertisers so that they can measure the effectiveness of advertisements viewed on the Entercom Services. For example, We may tell advertisers the number of users who clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also use technology, e.g., Facebook Custom Audiences and Measured Marketing to deliver advertising to you on other websites based on the email address or other personal information you provided to Us or through the use of information We received from third parties. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to Entercom. These online-advertising efforts across Entercom Services do not result in you seeing more advertisements, just more relevant advertising, and they allow Us to provide you with free content and services on Entercom Services. We hope you value our efforts to show you content and advertising that more closely reflects your interests.

**Third Party Online Advertising.** Some of the advertisements you see on the Entercom Services are delivered by third parties who also collect information through their own cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies about your online activities, either on our Services or across the Internet, in an effort to understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored to your interests. These third parties include advertisers, advertising agencies and ad networks that may collect information about you when you view or interact with one of their advertisements and may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. Entercom does not have access to the information these third parties may collect about your interests to deliver relevant advertising to you, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These companies may offer a way for you to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes. In addition, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), which offers a single location for consumers to opt out of receiving tailored advertisements from member companies. To learn more and opt out of information collection by NAI member companies, please visit the NAI Consumer Opt-Out page. Also, through the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over advertisements that are delivered based on their online behavior across different Entercom Services. Entercom is committed to complying with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more and make choices about interest-based advertisements from participating third parties, please visit the DAA Consumer Opt-Out page. In addition, Entercom works with third parties to help Us track the advertisements that are delivered to you; in particular, to control the number of times you receive the same advertisement and to analyze the effectiveness of advertising on the Entercom Services. If you opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on our Services, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.

**Video Services and Social Networking Policy.** Your video content viewing activities may be collected through your use of the Entercom Services. By viewing our video content, you are consenting to share your video activities with others, including what videos you have watched on the Services. Sharing this information will allow you to take advantage of social networking and other features on the Services.

**Social Networking Services.** Entercom has partnered with certain third party social networking companies to offer you their services through certain Entercom Services. For example, you can use third party social networking services such as Facebook, Google+ or Twitter to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activities on an Entercom Service, and they also may notify your friends, both on Entercom Services and on their services, that you are an Entercom user or about your use of the Entercom Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies. By using your Entercom Services account with a third party social networking service, you consent to share information about you, including video content that you have watched on Entercom Services, with your friends and followers on those services. You can limit how third party social networking services share your information by visiting your social networking services’ websites and updating your privacy settings. In addition, Entercom Services may request your permission to a) access and collect information available from your social networking account; and b) post information to your friends on your behalf. When you connect your social networking service with your Entercom Services account, you authorize Entercom Services to access and use certain information about you from your social networking service to provide content and services, including to help Us tailor our communications to you, develop rich online content and services across the Entercom Services, or for other purposes We describe throughout this Privacy Policy. The information Entercom may access from your social networking services is governed by the privacy policies and settings of those third party services.

**Video Measurement Services.** Some of the Entercom Services may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies that allow market research companies such as Nielsen or comScore to collect information about you, including video content that you have watched on the Entercom Services. By watching video content on Entercom Services, you consent to allow Us to share information about you with these video measurement services. For more information about Nielsen, please click here. If you do not wish to participate in Nielsen’s digital measurement research on mobile platforms, please click here to opt out. If you choose to opt out, Entercom will not share with Nielsen video content viewing information about you. For more information about comScore, click here. Please note that We do not share contact information with video measurement services. In addition, third party market research services such as Nielsen may access information about you through your social networking services. You can limit the information that such companies may access by visiting your social networking service and updating your privacy settings.  Click here to read about Facebook’s participation in Nielsen’s measurement services, and here to learn how to opt out of Nielsen measurement services on web browsers.

**Entercom FCC Requirements.** If you send a written communication (including an email) regarding the programming or operation of an Entercom radio station, your communication may be placed in the public inspection file of that station or made available via electronic file access at the station. In either case, your communication may be subject to review by members of the general public, as required by Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) regulations. Be advised that We are not responsible for information that may be disclosed if your communication is made available for review by members of the general public in compliance with FCC regulations.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy.** We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If We modify our Privacy Policy, We will update the “Last Modified Date” and such changes will be effective upon posting. If We make any material changes in the way We use your information, We will notify you by email through the email address you most recently provided to Us or by posting a prominent notice of the changes on the Entercom Services.

**Questions.** If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Us and We will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below:

Entercom Communications Corp.  
401 E. City Avenue, Suite 809  
Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004  
Attn: Legal Department

We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.
