> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the entirelypets.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030409202537id_/http%3A//entirelypets.com/privacypolicy2.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

| | [](https://web.archive.org/web/20030409202537id_/http%3A//entirelypets.com/index.html)

EntirelyPets.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: EntirelyPets.com.

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart. 

We do not sell, rent, or disclose your personal information to any third parties. We do not disclose any of your personal information, except when required by law.

Our site's registration form and Shopping Cart require users to give us contact information (like their name, email and shipping address). This information is used to process orders. The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary such as to clarify an order or send a confirmation of an order. We attempt to contact customers primarily through email. If we are repeatedly unable to contact a customer by email, we will attempt phone contact.

Our site uses an order form for customers to request products. We collect visitor's contact information (like their name and email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary as previously outlined. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. All credit card transactions are completely secured. We use the Stronghold secure server, currently the second best selling secure server software. It supports industry-standard 128-bit SSL encryption.

EntirelyPets.com also sends a free monthly Newsletter to visitors and customers who subscribe to it by sending and email to newsletter@EntirelyPets.com. To unsubsribe, please send and email to newsletter@EntirelyPets.com with the email address you would want removed. The email addresses collected for the Newsletter are not rented or sold to any third parties.

The Tell-A-Friend feature is tool for our customers or visitors to the site to send their friends an email about EntirelyPets.com. We do not collect or retain any information from either the sender or sendee of the email. The email is generated by the sender's email software and the sender must actively decide to send the email.

The Live Chat feature is powered by LivePerson, Inc, one of the leading providers of Live Chat services. To use, a visitor only needs to provide a name. No information is collected and this is a private chat.

The Affiliate program is a partnership between EntirelyPets.com and a linking site where the linking site receives a commission for every sale that is generated through their link. We collect a potential affiliates' email address and website address. None of this information is rented, shared or sold.

## Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All collected information is stored on secured servers. Access to information is strictly controlled and password-protected.

## Choice/Opt-Out

This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database. All of the customer's information will be removed from our database upon request.

  1. You can send email to [sales@EntirelyPets.com](mailto:sales@EntirelyPets.com)



## Correct/Update

This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. If users enter their personal information into the regisration form (to be added to the Healthypets database), they may change/update their information by clicking on the "Register" button in the shopping cart area. However, if a customer orders a product without registering and entering their username and password, their previously entered information cannot be accessed or changed/updated and the customer would need to re-enter the information. 

  1. email [sales@EntirelyPets.com](mailto:sales@EntirelyPets.com)



## Notification of Changes

If at some point in the future, there is a change to our information usage practices that affect your Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you by email of the relevant changes. At the time of this message, you will be able to opt-out of this information usage by sending a message to the following email: service@EntirelyPets.com. You should also check this posted privacy statement for changes.

## Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Jay Dillon
