> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the paessler.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170210235153id_/https%3A//www.paessler.com/company/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Paessler AG's Privacy Policy

### Visiting The Website

Each time a user accesses our website, and each time a file is accessed, a protocol file is stored. Storing this data only serves internal, system-based and statistical purposes. Each request stores the following individual information:

  * The page from which the request is sent (if the browser forwards the same)
  * Name of the requested file, date and time of the request
  * Transferred data volume
  * Notification if the request was successful
  * Description of the browser type used (if the browser forwards the same)
  * IP address of the machine forwarding the request



### Analytics and Advertising

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

The Google Analytics tracking code implemented on this website supports Display Advertising. Google Analytics for Display Advertising is used on this website in form of Remarketing. Third-party vendors, including Google, will show Paessler or PRTG ads on sites across the internet. Paessler and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to this website. You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display ads using the [Ads Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb).

The following Google AdWords features are used on this website:

  * Remarketing
  * Interest Categories
  * Similar Audiences
  * Other types of interest-based advertising



We use these features of Google Adwords to target past visitors across the internet or visitors with specific interest profiles based on their internet usage. We don’t collect personally identifiable information (PII) through our cookies, remarketing lists, or any other anonymous identifiers.

[At any time, you may decline the collection and storage of your data in the future](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). Pursuant to the discussion about the use of analytical tools with complete IP addresses, please note that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension "get_anonymizeIP()." Therefore, IP addresses are processed in abbreviated and anonymized form to prevent direct identification of a particular person.

This website also uses Kissmetrics, a web analytics service provided by Space Pencil, Inc. Kissmetrics only uses first-party cookies for identifying users. This information is cleared when you clear your browser cookies. You can opt out using the opt-out link at the Kissmetrics website: <http://www.kissmetrics.com/user-privacy>

In addition, this website uses Optimizely, a range of website analytics services for A/B and multivariate testing purposes provided by Optimizely, Inc. This service uses cookies to identify a visitor's browser and track website usage while on this website. The cookies do not collect personal information about you. For more information on how Optimizely uses your data, please go to: <http://www.optimizely.com/privacy>.  You can opt out anytime by following the instruction at <http://www.optimizely.com/opt_out>.

### Cookies

Upon registration, and upon every subsequent log-on by a registered user, and when accessing the shop, session cookies are stored on your machine in order to provide an appealing visit to our website and to allow access to certain functions. This does not, however, include any form of personal data but merely a personal session ID which is applied during the visit. These session IDs reference internally stored data, for example information concerning the content of the shopping cart. In this manner it is possible to comfortably continue shopping when accessing our page at a later time.

The cookies generated have an expiry time of 90 days.

To analyze the success of our online ads, our website and our Paessler newsletter statistically, cookies of third parties may be stored on your computer, e.g. if you visit our website by clicking on one of our advertisements at search engines (e.g. Google Adwords, Microsoft adCenter) or on a link in our newsletter. We also use software for conversion tracking (Urchin) that store cookies on your computer.

Beyond that, it is possible to delete the stored cookies from your computer within the browser at any given time.

### Safe Data Transfer Via SSL

For purchase processes we use the commonly implemented SSL (Secure Socket Layer) connection mechanism in conjunction with the highest encryption level available from your browser. Generally this entails 256-Bit encryption. In case your browser does not support 256-Bit encryption we use 128-Bit v3 technology.

If one of our Internet pages is processed with encryption can be discerned by the closed key, respectively lock icon in the lower status bar of the browser is shown.

## Collection And Processing of Personal Information

### Software Purchase

During a purchase we collect and process personal data (particularly first and last names, address, telephone number and email address). When you purchase software online we must further register and store your IP address for ten years, as required by German law.

A part of this data is also retained in our updates center in order to provide you the possibility to download the most current version of the software at no extra cost. This also allows us to provide you with upgrade offers, as well as other services provided by Paessler AG. Your email address is necessary in order to verify your license information and to allow access to license keys and download links.

The consent to store your email address is processed at the successful completion of a purchase. We forward you not only license information (license key and download link) but also use these means to inform you about necessary maintenance extensions, among others.

The consent to use your email address for the forwarding of our newsletter can be revoked at any time by using the „Unsubscribe" link at the end of any newsletter.

The consent to store your personal data can be revoked at any time after the storage period required by German law.

We do not provide your data to any third parties.

### Trial and Freeware Installation

During the operation of the trial and freeware of the software we collect and process personal data (the e-mail address) in order to offer e.g. technical support or other services provided by Paessler AG. 

The consent to store your e-mail address is processed at the successful completion of a download. 

The consent to use your e-mail address for the forwarding of our newsletter can be revoked at any time by using the "Unsubscribe" link at the end of any newsletter. 

We do not provide your data to any third parties. 

### Email Newsletter Registration

When registering for our newsletter, we store the email provided in order to forward you information about our products and any new implementations or special offers. The address provided is not used for any other purposes, nor is it forwarded to third parties.

The consent to use your email address for the forwarding of our newsletter can be revoked at any time by using the „Unsubscribe" link at the end of any newsletter.

## Others

### Statutory Basis

All customer data is stored and processed observing the corresponding regulations of the German data security act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz, BDSG) and the tele-service data security act (Teledienstdatenschutzgesetz, TDDSG).

### Service Providers

For the implementation of our website we use carefully selected service providers to process the contract data. Our service providers do not count as a third party as regards the data privacy statement.

### Credit Assessment And Payment Delay

When ordering via invoice we reserve the right to a credit assessment to ensure our legal interests.

Should your payment be delayed we reserve the right to provide personal data to a debt collection company or, alternatively, a legal chancellery appointed by us. Your legally protected interests are accounted for according to any legal stipulations that may apply.

### Software Updates

Software products from Paessler AG connect periodically to Paessler AG servers, to automatically check for new versions and/or important security updates of the software.  As part of this connection, information about the PRTG installation (for example, the number of sensors in use) will be transferred to Paessler AG. This information is stored by Paessler AG, and is used to optimize the delivery of software updates, for example, as well as for statistical analysis.

### Usage Statistics

We may collect statistics about the actual usage of our software products and mobile apps. This can give us valuable information to constantly improve on our products. The collected information will be used in anonymized form only.
