> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the singingfool.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021222224957id_/http%3A//www.singingfool.com/policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**OUR PRIVACY POLICY**  
We are committed to protecting our users privacy. To that end, we offer this statement to inform our users of how we define, gather and utilize personal information. 

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this policy at any time. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, we may occasionally notify you by email about changes to the Site or provide notices of changes by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Site. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute your acceptance of the revised privacy policy. For your information, this page was last updated on March 25, 2002. 

We define personal information as information that includes a person's full name, address, tele-phone number, date of birth and/or email address or any other information that is tied to individually identifiable information that would allow someone to identify or contact you, unless stated otherwise herein or on the Site. We can gather information on our users in two different ways: (1) cookie technology; and (2) voluntary submissions. 

We utilize cookie technology to collect data regarding the number of visits a person has made to our site. This data is stored in aggregate form and is in no way singled out in an individual file. This information allows us to know what pages/sites are of interest to our users and what pages/sites may be of less interest. Such information is utilized in revising the website to better meet our users needs and interests. 

We also collect personally identifiable information from users through voluntary submissions. We use good faith efforts to make it clear why the information is being collected and what it will be used for. In the event that this information is being shared with a third party affiliate, sponsor or advertiser, we will use good faith efforts to post a notice on the Site clearly stating that the in-formation is being shared and/or give the user the opportunity to opt-in to authorize the sharing of such information. 

When you order products from us, we also collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address and a password. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains. These changes will be automatically kept for future use. We use good faith efforts not to provide third parties with access to your individual account information, unless stated otherwise on the Site. We reserves the right to provide non-identifiable consumer data to third parties including, but not limited to, general statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales and other shopping information. 

The ads appearing on this Site are delivered to you by a third party ad server. In the course of serving ads, our ad server may place or recognize their own unique cookie on your browser, and may be useing information about your visit to this Site, such as the number of times that you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information) to serve ads to you on this Site. For more information about our third party ad server and how to "opt out" of the ad serving cookie, please visit [http://www.advertising.com](http://www.advertising.com/). 
