> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gunbroker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180303023322id_/https%3A//www.gunbroker.com/c/user/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy at GunBroker.com | GunBroker.com

 

As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information that may be used to identify a specific individual, or that is about an identifiable individual, including but not limited to name, email address, phone number or credit card number.  “Aggregate information” refers to combined demographic information which has been derived from personal information but which cannot be reasonably used to identify any individual.

**I. _Information We Collect On the Site and How We Use It_**

You can visit our Web Site and learn about the services we provide without providing personal information.  You do need to provide personal information, however, to sell, bid on or purchase items, and to participate in our user forums and other interactive portions of the Site.   Certain non-personally identifiable information, such as IP address, is collected automatically from every Site visitor, even if not voluntarily provided, as discussed further below.  
We collect and use personal information in the specific ways listed below, and generally to improve our Site and services to you, as well as to meet our legal obligations.  We also use personal information you provide for other purposes consistent with the reason you provide such information to us.

**1.   **_Registration and Site Activity Information_.  Our Site’s registration process requires users to provide us valid and accurate contact information including name, address, phone number, birth date and email address (collectively, “Registration Information”).  For fraud prevention purposes, users electing to provide as their sole email contact an email address from a free email service provider (such as Yahoo!® Mail, Google® Gmail, or Hotmail®) are required to enter credit card information at the time of registration, and the card is verified by authorizing a small amount through the credit card processing networks.

In certain circumstances your registration information may be verified through so-called “credit header” information. You may be required to answer a multiple-choice questionnaire compiled from information managed by consumer and business information sources. These questions can include elements from your financial history. This is done as an identity verification and fraud prevention measure. This verification service is provided by a third party, and we do not collect or store any personal information from this process. All we receive is an indication of how many questions you answered successfully.

We collect certain information submitted during transactions on the Site based on your activities, including bidding, buying and selling, as well as shipping and billing information, and other information you provide in connection with buying or shipping an item (collectively, “Site Activity Information”).We may also collect certain personal information that you provide through message board discussions, chats, correspondence or dispute resolution.

Registration Information, Site Activity Information  and other personal information that you provide may be used in the following ways:

  * For fraud protection at the time of registration;
  * To send you transaction-related notifications about transactions you carry out on the Site;
  * If and when you bid on an item, to share your name, address, telephone number, email address and bid information with the seller to facilitate the transaction;
  * If and when you list an item for sale, to share your contact information, including name, address, email address, telephone number and item detail with bidders to facilitate the transaction;
  * To perform our billing, administration and collections functions (and to contact you when necessary about these functions);
  * To report information about your account, including late payments, missed payments or other delinquencies or defaults on your accounts, to credit reporting bureaus;
  * To better understand your interests and for other marketing-related initiatives;
  * To communicate with you and carry out actions requested by you (such as subscriptions to newsletters), including promotional messages (some of which may be related to your transactions on the Site); and
  * When facilitating the investigation of fraud or illegal activity, to share information with law enforcement or other governmental agencies or authorized third parties when requested pursuant to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose you, us or another Site user to legal liability.



Please see “Communications From the Site and Your Choices” below for information on controlling communications from us.

**2.    **_Financial Information_ **.**   If you list items on the Site, we collect financial information including bank account and/or credit card number, expiration date, card security code and billing address.  As noted under “Registration and Site Activity Information” above, we also collect credit card information from those who register using an email address from a free email provider such as Yahoo!™ Mail or Hotmail™ or Google’s Gmail.  Financial information is used to bill you for transactions you carry out on the Site and to collect on fees and debts incurred through the use of the Site.  If your account is past due and collection must be pursued, your contact and financial information may be shared with collection agents and/or credit reporting agencies.  We share financial information with non-affiliated third parties to facilitate the completion of transactions on the Site as specified above, to respond to subpoenas, for other legal compliance purposes, and for billing and collections.

**3.    **_Contests and Surveys_.  If you decide to enter contests or surveys featured from time to time on the Site, you may be asked for personal information in addition to your Registration Information.  This information is used in order to administer the contest or survey (for example, to contact the winner) or as otherwise disclosed on the Site at the time we collect the information.

**4.**    _Information Requests_.  We may ask you to provide personal information in order to allow us to respond to your requests for information or other requests made over the Site.

**5.   **_Social Media_.  We may collect your user name and other information you transmit to us over social media platforms such as Facebook® or Twitter® when you interact with GunBroker.com’s specific page or social media account.  We use the information you provide on social media to respond to your requests or questions, to improve our services, and for other purposes as disclosed at the time of the interaction.

**6.   **_Emails from GunBroker.com_.  Most email messages generated by the Site result directly from the user’s actions (such as registration information, confirmation of placing a bid, confirmation of listing an item, or the user’s choice to subscribe to certain communications), or as necessary to inform you of changes to the Site or events related to the Site, or changes to the Site rules or policies. Other e-mail messages may result from marketing initiatives on the Site; however, users may opt-out of receiving marketing messages; see the section below entitled “Communications from the Site and Your Choices.”

Emails from our Site may contain web beacons or “clear .gifs.”  These are small graphic images that can be used for recording when an email has been opened in order to track the performance of email marketing campaigns.  We and our third party service providers currently log responses from web beacons, but this information is not stored or linked to your personal information in our systems.

**7.    **_Non-personal information_.  We automatically collect your IP address when you visit our Site.  We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information, and to track usage patterns in the Site. We also may collect geo-location information, device identification number and type, computer and connection information, statistics about page views and standard web log information.   We do not correlate this information with data about individual users (though our third-party analytics companies and/or advertisers may do so – see below under “Website Analytics” and “Banner Advertising” for your choices in this regard).

**7**.  _  Cookies_.  We or our third party advertisers or service providers may use a technology referred to as “cookies” (or other similar technology), which are pieces of data on your computer tied to information about you. Based on your browser type and other information provided by our cookies, we use cookies to: (i) customize certain Site content and access; (ii) track usage patterns on the Site; (iii) allow the Site to remember your user name and password if you so choose; and (iv) for any other purposes permitted under applicable law from time to time.

You can decide if and how your computer will accept cookies by configuring your preferences option within your web browser.  To disable this function in your web browser, choose the “help” menu and follow the instructions for deleting cookies and preventing your browser from downloading additional cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you can still browse our Site, but you may be unable to post on the Site or use the Site as a buyer or seller, or otherwise to access certain aspects of the services available on the Site.  We do not store personal or confidential information in cookies (although our third party advertisers may – see below under “Banner Advertising”)

**8.    **_General Uses_ **.**   In addition to the foregoing, we will use your personal information as specifically described on the Site at the time of collection (for example, to share with a charity in the case of your participation in a charity auction).  We may also use your information internally to customize your experience with our company and our Site (for example, adapting the Site to your browser), to help us develop new products and services, to verify your identity, to collect debts or fees owed to us, or to investigate or settle inquiries or disputes, and for other legally required or permissible purposes.

**9.** _Website Analytics_ **.** In addition, we have contracted with a number of third party analytics providers to better help us operate the Site, report Site traffic, statistics and other activities on the Site, specifically including the success of advertising campaigns conducted on the Site, By placing cookies on your computer, these services collect information such as how often you visit the Sites, what pages you visit or what banners you “click through,” and the site you were visiting prior to coming to the Site during your visit.

Each of the analytics service providers we have engaged participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), meaning that the companies have agreed to abide by a set of rules with respect to the application of their services to consumer personal information.  You can visit the DAA site at [(http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) in order to learn about the DAA and to opt-out of the services being used by the Site and block their use of cookies to track your use of the Site and its ad campaigns (as well as your use of all other Internet websites).

**10.** _Mobile Devices_.  In addition to the information described above, we and our third-party service providers may collect additional information when you utilize any of our mobile applications, including the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers (sometimes called UDID), the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile applications.

If you utilize any of the location-based services in our mobile applications, such as the functionality that allows you to search for a participating FFL in your area, we and our third-party service providers may collect, use, and share location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. We use such information to provide and improve location-based products and services. You may opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.

**II.     _How We Share Your Information_**

We do not sell or rent your personal information collected on the Site to non-affiliated third parties unless you have opted in to such sharing.  However, we may share your personal information submitted at the Site among other members of our affiliated group of companies, who may use that information only to the extent consistent with the policies described in this Privacy Policy. For a list of affiliated companies, please contact us at the address listed below under “Contact Us.”

Other than as described in the paragraph above or as specifically described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personal information collected on the Site with third parties without your permission, except as necessary or appropriate to (i) carry out the transaction, activity or request made by you on the Site or otherwise, (ii) comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process, or (iii) enforce or apply agreements with you, or protect the rights, property or safety of us, our affiliates or third parties, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.

In the event of a corporate transaction such as a sale, merger or reorganization or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy or similar restructuring involving all or a portion of GunBroker.com or its parent and/or affiliate company(ies) (including but not limited to a spinoff of an affiliate, and subsequent acquisition of that affiliate by a new third party), or a sale or transfer of assets, we reserve the right to disclose or transfer your personal information to non-affiliated third party acquiring company(ies) and other third parties.  In the event of such a sale or transfer, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee(s) to use personal information you have provided through this Site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.  We may collect and share aggregate website statistical information (such as bids, sales, traffic patterns or related information) with third parties.

We hire contractors to provide certain services on our behalf, including trend and statistical analysis, marketing campaigns, information processing and storage, and development of new products and services.  As part of their services to us, these contractors may have access to some or all of the data that we maintain, including transaction data and your personal information, but they are always required to maintain the confidentiality of information they receive from us and are restricted from using the information for any purposes other than those authorized by us. ** **

We do not share your personal information with any third parties for such third parties’ marketing purposes, unless you have opted into such sharing.

Except as otherwise provided, this Privacy Policy only addresses the information that we collect from you, but not about how third parties to whom you disclose your information may use and disclose it.  If you disclose your personal information to third parties such as bidders, buyers and sellers on our Site, other rules may apply to how they use and disclose information provided to them.  We do not police or influence the privacy parties of third parties.  When providing your personal information to third parties, their privacy policies govern their use and disclosure of your personal information.  Before disclosing your personal information to a third party, you should familiarize yourself with their privacy policy.  We also encourage you to disclose your privacy policies to third parties with whom you are dealing through our Site.  When Users transact with each other, they may have access to each other’s name, user id information, email address and other contact information.  By using our Site, you agree to use other Users’ information only for GunBroker transaction-related purposes or other purposes for which a User explicitly chooses. ** **

**III.    _Communications From the Site and Your Choices_**

1\. _Email Messages from Us_.  The Site sends three types of email communications: (1) notifications related to activities such as purchases on the Site, (2) ‘Saved Search’ notifications, and (3) promotional email messages, which may include newsletters or other subscription-based communications, follow-on messages with respect to your activities on the Site, or other marketing from us about our products and services, or those of our affiliates or trusted partners. Please see the descriptions below with respect to your choices for each.

(1)  Bids or Purchases on the Site.  Notifications related to activity on the Site are generated as a result or registering as a user of the Site, bidding on or purchasing items, or listing items for sale. These notifications can include bid confirmations, winning bidder notices, item listing confirmations, item sold notifications, monthly statements, billing messages, and other notifications related to activity on the Site. **You cannot opt out of receiving notifications related to transaction activity on the Site** ; however, if you do not bid nor list items and your account balance is zero you will not receive any such notifications from the Site.

If you are a registered buyer or seller on the Site we may send you certain notices, such as notices of a substantial change in the policies and/or operation of the Site. **These notices are sent infrequently and cannot be opted out of other than by closing your account with us.**

(2)  Saved Search.  Saved Search notifications are generated at your request to inform you when items matching certain search criteria have been listed on the Site.  There are removal instructions at the bottom of every such notification message. You can delete your saved searches to stop receiving the notifications by going to [My GunBroker](https://www.gunbroker.com/Auction/MyAuctions.asp) then clicking [Saved Searches](https://www.gunbroker.com/MySite/MyAuctions/Searches.aspx).  Removal instructions appear on that page.

(3)  Promotional Messages.  GunBroker.com may send a variety of promotional messages, but you are free to opt out of these at any time.  Some promotional emails relate to newsletters or other subscription-based items that you may control by logging into [My GunBroker](https://www.gunbroker.com/MySite/MySummary.aspx) and visiting the [Preferences](https://www.gunbroker.com/MySite/MyAccount/Preferences.aspx) page to update your choices with respect to promotional emails  You may also [click here](https://www.gunbroker.com/MySite/MyAccount/Preferences.aspx) and follow the instructions on the subsequent pages to opt out, or follow the instructions provided on the promotional message at issue.

2\. _Cookies and Third Party Tracking_ **.**   As noted above under “Website Analytics” and below under “Banner Advertising,” we contract with third party service providers and advertising companies who provide us information on the use of the Sites by visitors and the success of our advertising campaigns.  As described in those sections, you may visit certain designated Web sites in order to opt out of tracking of your activities on the Sites and other Web sites.

Notwithstanding any other provision, we may engage a data provider who may collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content through web, mobile or other media channels. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these data provider cookies, please visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices> or <http://www.networkadvertising/choices>. **IV.    _Children’s Privacy_**

The Site is not intended for or directed to persons less than 18 years of age.  We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our services to children.  If you are under 18 years of age, do not use the Site.
