> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the regalbeloit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141110235514id_/http%3A//www.regalbeloit.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Regal Beloit | Privacy

REGAL BELOIT WEBSITE USE PRIVACY POLICY  
Regal Beloit Corporation (“RBC”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Website Use Privacy Policy explains our worldwide web information gathering and dissemination practices. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please contact RBC at the e-mail address provided at the end of this Policy.  
1.WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED? RBC does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. In other words, RBC does not require that you register or provide information to generally view the RBC website (the “Website”). However, we collect a limited amount of personal information from you in certain areas of the the “Website” for various reasons, such as when you enter in information to use certain areas of the Website or when you contact customer support services. The details below describe what information we collect and how we use what is collected.  
Use of Personal Information. In the web forms we ask you to complete, you may be asked to provide personal information to use certain services on this Website., All information is used to deliver a more personal and pertinent experience and to assist us with your transactions.   
IP Addresses. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. As part of the protocol of the Internet, web servers can identify your computer by its IP address. In addition, web servers may be able to identify the type of browser and/or type of computer you are using. RBC collects IP addresses and related information for the purposes of system administration, to assess the traffic to the Website and to maintain and improve the Website. We do not link IP addresses to your personally identifiable information. We can and will use IP addresses, however, to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website Terms and Conditions or to protect our service, the Website, customers or others.  
Use of Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that some websites (including the Website) transfer to an individual's hard drive for research purposes. RBC uses cookies to analyze the traffic, such as total visitors and pages viewed on the Website, and make improvements based on the data we collect. RBC never saves passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies has become a standard in the industry, especially at websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can usually set your browser to refuse cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some of the functionality of the Website. The Website’s advertisers and other partners may also use cookies in connection with the services and websites to which the Website links. We do not control these cookies  
2.WHO IS COLLECTING THIS INFORMATION? RBC collects the information described above via the Website. In the case of third party features such as advertising, co-branded areas or links to other websites, such third parties may also collect information. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third parties before providing personally identifiable information. RBC is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You must actually click on their ad/brand/etc and leave the RBC site for the third party to get your information.  
3.USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION. RBC does not exchange, lease or sell your name or e-mail address information. RBC does not provide, sell or make available its customer list, or any part or subset of its customer data, to any third parties. Data that we have about you is for RBC’s use only. RBC will not "spam" you and may contact you on issues regarding the use of our services.   
RBC may periodically use limited customer information internally to provide operational, marketing or advertising support, and/or to help us promote our services, or enhance services RBC wants to offer.   
Government Authorities and Litigation. Sometimes a law, court order, or other judicial or administrative process requires us to provide information to a government authority or party to a private lawsuit. RBC will provide the information that it in good faith believes is required to comply with the law, order, or other process. RBC may also have to disclose certain information in court documents if it has to bring an action against you, for example, to collect a debt you owe.  
4.WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED. Except as described above, RBC will not knowingly disclose or authorize the disclosure of personal identifiable information (other than aggregate statistical information) to any third party without your consent unless (1) we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Website Terms and Conditions or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) RBC’s rights or property, other Website users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities or (2) we believe in good faith that the law requires it.  
5.CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 YEARS. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), RBC will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent’s or guardian’s prior consent.   
6.LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES. While you are using the Website, you may be linked or directed to other third party websites outside the Website that are beyond RBC’s control. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from that of RBC. RBC is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third party websites before providing personally identifiable information.  
7.SECURITY PROCEDURES WE USE. We are very concerned with the security of your personally identifiable information and take great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.  
Once we receive your information, we take appropriate steps that we believe are reasonable to protect the security of your data on our system, both internally and from outsiders, and to ensure the integrity of the data we collect. We use a combination of technological and policy methods to protect this data.   
8.CHANGES IN THESE TERMS. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and will post notices on the Website at the time of any material changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  
If you have questions or concerns regarding RBC's Website Use Privacy Policy, please e-mail RBC at finance@regalbeloit.com.
