> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the meshbean.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091117160001id_/http%3A//www.meshbean.com/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Earn Mbeans

At MeshBean.com we recognize that privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use the services. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us. This Privacy Policy, which is a binding part of MESHBEAN's Website Terms of Use, explains the type of information MESHBEAN collects through its website and the mBean Engine software and what MESHBEAN does with it.   
Please read the following privacy policy carefully before downloading and using mBean Engine Service software or using the MESHBEAN website. If you download and use MESHBEAN's mBean Engine Service software or use the MESHBEAN website, you will be bound by the terms of the Agreement, including this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time so you should check it frequently. 

The web site www.meshbean.com is registered, owned and operated by clicksor.com, Inc. Upon registration our members are required to provide full name, street address, e-mail address, password and date of birth. This information is used to manage the access to sensitive member-specific information such as account balance, member profile, and eligibility for certain services and benefits provided by MESHBEAN and its affiliates. Members' correct full name and postal address are required for consistent payment processing. Email address is required to provide value-added services. In addition, we require user-specific information such as interests, gender, age, household income, and education, which is used to build member profiles that are used for the purposes of targeted advertising and benefit distribution. MESHBEAN will not share, sell, trade, or give away personally identifiable member information to third parties without members' explicit permission. Upon registration, all users grant to MESHBEAN their explicit permission (1) to contact them with important information about members' accounts and updates to our services, policies and business practices, and (2) to deliver message to their desktop through mBean Engine software, and (3) to share members' information with third parties. The users have the option to choose not to be contacted or their information shared by terminating their account. 

MESHBEAN and its affiliates work with over thousands different merchants, advertising companies, including advertisers, brokers, agencies, affiliates, and networks. These companies may use information(not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you. Once the user visits a third party website, MESHBEAN is not responsible for the information exchanged between the user and the third party website. We encourage users to read the privacy statements of these entities as their privacy policy may differ from ours. 

**Information We Collect from Visitors**  
For visitors to our website, we gather only aggregate, non-personally identifying data about your visit to our website. If you visit MESHBEAN's website (whether you are using mBean Engine software or not), our web servers log a number of basic pieces of information, including the following: (1) The URL (address) of the page(s) requested, (2) The time and date of the request(s) and the duration of your visit, (3) The "User Agent", (4) The "Referrer", (5) The IP address and domain name of the computer to which we are sending pages for display by your web browser. 

**Information We Collect from Members**  
In our online registration form for new members of the service, we require you to provide us with your full name, full mailing address, email address and a password. In addition, we require your gender, phone number, birth date and interests. Certain information such as your name, address, email address, and birth date constitute "Personal Data" because that information can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. This information is collected and used according to the terms of this Privacy Policy. In the future, we may offer additional services that will have their own usage agreements and/or privacy policies. At the time those services are offered, you will be given an opportunity to review and accept those documents. 

**Information We Collect by mBean Engine software**  
MESHBEAN's mMean Engine software collects and stores information about the URL and web pages you view, the data you enter in online forms and search fields, and, with browser information. MESHBEAN aggregates and analyzes the information it collects to improve its service and to prepare report about aggregate web usage and online habits. 

**Other Data We May Request from Members**  
We may ask you for personal information at other times, including, but not limited to, when you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by MESHBEAN and/or when you report a problem with any of our services. Any data collected at those times will be used in accordance with this policy, unless otherwise explicitly stated at the time of collection. Many of those sweepstakes, contests, or promotions will have terms of service agreements associated with them and those agreements may differ from provisions of this policy. Therefore, it is important that you read and understand those agreements as the nature of those offerings may require different data privacy provisions that may supercede this Privacy Policy. 

**Cookies**  
Cookies" are tiny text files written on a user's computer. MESHBEAN uses cookies to customize ad stream services for MESHBEAN and its affiliates. As per our Terms of Service, upon registration, all users grant to MESHBEAN their explicit permission to create and manage cookies to personally identify members and render its services. The users have the option to decline cookies by changing the security setting of their browser, by deleting cookie files, and by terminating their MESHBEAN account. 

**Children and Privacy**  
We do not consider our Web site and Services to be directed at children under the age of fourteen. To register with MESHBEAN users must be fourteen (14) years of age or older. 

**Security**  
MESHBEAN has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use industry standard procedures and processes, such as firewall, proxies, encryption and monitoring to prevent abuse of our network and its data. Access to member's data is limited to Database Administrators, company staffs and Customer Service Representatives only. Unfortunately, when you submit information about yourself to MESHBEAN over the Internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the control of MESHBEAN. The Internet is not 100% secure and it is possible that others may be able to intercept the information that you are sending. While we endeavor to provide the greatest possible protection to your data, we cannot guarantee absolute security in all circumstances. 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact privacy@meshbean.com. 
