> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the daveandbusters.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229103618id_/http%3A//www.daveandbusters.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dave & Buster's - Privacy Policy

Effective Date: July 1, 2013

We at Dave & Buster's, Inc., along with our affiliates, parents, subsidiaries and related companies (collectively, "Dave & Buster's"), respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Notice applies to personal information we collect on daveandbusters.com or any Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Dave & Buster's (the "Web Sites") on which we have posted this Privacy Notice.  This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we may collect on the Web Sites, how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and communicate how to contact us about our privacy practices. 

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
We may collect and/or obtain certain personal information (such as name and other contact details) through our Web Sites. The types of personal information we may collect include  
• Contact information, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number  
• Names, postal addresses, e-mail addresses and telephone numbers of others to whom you ask us to send information  
• Username and password to sign-up for and access the Dave & Buster's Rewards program and your online profile  
• Payment information (such as payment card details, financial account information and billing address) • Birth date  
• Information about your education, work and military history, legal work eligibility status, and other information relevant to specific jobs for which you may apply  
• Other personal information you may provide to us  
• If you use our mobile applications, information, such as your device ID, your location and stores near you and visited by you, may be collected.

In addition, when you visit our Web Sites, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies and web beacons – geolocation information. The information we collect in this manner includes IP addresses, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system (e.g. Windows, Mac), language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on our Site, and dates and times of Site visits. A "cookie" is a text file that web sites send to a visitor's computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A "web beacon," also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. Through these automated collection methods, we obtain "clickstream data," which is a log of content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website. As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored. We may link certain data elements we have collected through automated means, such as your browser information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an e-mail we sent to you. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Web Sites. If you use Site features operated by third-party social networking services (such as Facebook), we may receive information you have made available to those services, including the geographic location of your mobile device and other information about you (such as name, email address, gender, locale, time zone, languages, social media profile URL, personal website URL, biographical information, birthday, photo, list of devices, education history, work history, hometown, interests, current city, political views, favorite athlete and teams, relationship status and information, religion, name of significant other, and certain security settings information) and your contacts on those services. Some of these social networking services allow you to push content from our Web Sites to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on our Web Sites. Some of these services also will facilitate your registration for our Web Sites or enhance or personalize your experience on our Web Sites. You should make sure you understand the information your third-party social networking services may make available to our Web Sites. We may use and disclose the personal information we receive on our Web Sites through third-party social networking services as described in this Privacy Notice. 

 **HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN  
** We may use the information we obtain through the Web Sites to:   
• Create and manage your account;  
• Offer and provide products and services to you;  
• Communicate about, and administer your participation in, special events, programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and other offers or promotions;  
• Send information to others;  
• Respond to and communicate with you about your requests, questions and comments;  
• Manage your application for employment with Dave & Buster's and contact you in connection with potential employment opportunities;  
• Process claims we receive in connection with our products and services;  
• Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; determining the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and advertising; analyzing and enhancing our products, services and Web Sites; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);  
• Perform data analyses and other processing (including market and consumer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, anonymization, encryption and tokenization of personal information);  
• Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and  
• Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies. In addition, we may use information collected online through cookies, local shared objects (also known as "Flash cookies"), web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ visits to our Web Sites, (ii) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse our Web Sites, (iii) marketing, (iv) demographic research and (v) managing our business. We may supplement data we collect through automated means with information about your location (such as your zip code) to provide you with content that may be of interest to you. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Web Sites, identify users of our Web Sites, and gather demographic information about our users. We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our Web Sites, how users navigate through our Web Sites, and how we may tailor our Web Sites to better meet the needs of our users.

To identify local shared objects on your computer and adjust your settings, visit [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html). We may use third-party web analytics services on our Web Sites, such as those of Google Analytics or Adobe Marketing Cloud. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the Web Sites. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these analytics providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the Web Sites. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit [here](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). To learn more about Adobe Marketing Cloud, please visit [here](http://www.adobe.com/solutions/digital-analytics.htm).  We may combine information we collect from you with information we receive from third parties and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.

**INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING**  
On the Web Sites, we may collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices. You may see certain ads on other web sites based on your visits to our Web Sites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third-party vendors. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. The networks use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad network vendors collect includes information about your visits to web sites that participate in the vendors' advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the web sites. This data collection takes place both on the Web Sites and on third-party web sites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, [click here.](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)

**INFORMATION WE SHARE**  
We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you, except as described in this Privacy Notice. When you post a comment on our Web Sites, third party social network services or blogs, we may publish your name and/or user ID thereon with your comment. We share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may share the personal information we obtain with our affiliates, franchisees and joint marketing partners. We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).

**YOUR OPTIONS**  
We offer you certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we collect from you. To update your preferences or ask us to remove your information from our newsletter e-mail lists please sign into to your Rewards account [here](https://www.daveandbusters.com/sign-in/sign-in/) or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Notice.

**NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS**  
Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code ¤ 1798.83, California residents may ask us to provide them with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) the identity of those third parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below. 

**LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES**  
Our Web Sites may contain links to other web sites for your convenience and information. These web sites may be operated by companies not affiliated with Dave & Buster’s. Linked web sites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked web sites. We are not responsible for the content of any web sites that are not affiliated with Dave & Buster’s, any use of those web sites, or the privacy practices of those web sites.

**HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.  Notwithstanding the aforementioned protections, Dave & Buster’s makes no representations, warranties or conditions or any kind, express or implied, with respect thereto.

**CHILDREN'S PRIVACY**  
Our Web Sites are not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on our Web Sites. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on our Web Sites, we will delete the information from our records.

**UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE  
** This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.

**YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS  **  
By using the Web Sites, you agree to our Privacy Policy. We may also change the policy from time to time, so please be sure to visit this site often to see if anything has changed. If we post changes and you continue to use the site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.

**HOW TO CONTACT US**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact Guest Relations by phone at 888-300-1515. You also may write to us at:   
_Dave & Buster’s, Inc.  
_ _Attention: Guest Relations  
_ _2481 Manana Drive  
_ _Dallas, Texas   75220_
