> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the davidco.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120524143520id_/http%3A//www.davidco.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | David Allen, Getting Things Done® and GTD®

WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

1\. INTRODUCTION. The David Allen Company ("us," "we," or "Company") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (the "Site").We created this Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy.

2\. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES

2.1. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

(a) TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED. We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site; (5) referring site; (6) pages visited on the Site; and (7) the duration of your visit to the Site (your "Session") (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use "cookies" to customize content specific to your interests, and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site.

(b) PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED. In order for you to access certain premium services and to purchase products that we offer via the Site, we require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address); (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (3) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age, and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.

2.2. USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.

(a) USE OF INFORMATION. We may use Contact Data to send you information about the Company or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary. We may use your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services and to bill you for products and services. We may use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the site, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences. Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on the internet, and use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this Site.

(b) SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We share Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate (i.e., non-personally-identifiable) basis. We do not currently share Contact Data with other companies or third parties for any purpose other than our own Company purposes. In the event we do wish to share Contact Data with other companies who may want to send you information about their products or services, you will be given the opportunity to request that we not share your Contact Data with such companies, by accessing your personal profile and "opting out," as described in Section 3.1, below. We reserve the right to share Contact Data and Financial Data with business partners to assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our business activities and/or operation of the Site. If we do share any such data with business partners, we will require those business partners to agree to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Contact Data and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to the Company. By choosing to provide us with Personal Information for a particular purpose, such as providing us with Contact Data and/or Financial Data to make a purchase from the Site, you authorize us to share such information with business partners to the extent this is necessary to carry out the purpose for which you shared the information. If you do not want us to share your Contact Data with any third parties, please email us at [websupport@davidco.com](mailto:websupport@davidco.com), but please understand that such a request will likely limit your ability to take advantage of all of the features and services we offer on the Site. In addition, we maintain a procedure for you to review and request changes to your Personal Information; this procedure is described in Section 3.1, below. If you link to another website through our Site, or purchase a product or service from a third party through an advertisement on our Site, you authorize us and such third party to track your usage and/or exchange any Personal Information you may provide directly or indirectly through your use of the Site.

(c) USER CHOICE REGARDING COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us or from some of our partners, you may select the appropriate "opt-out" option each time we ask for your Personal Information. If you do elect to provide us with Personal Information, we may use that information for any of the purposes identified above, unless you have specifically chosen to "opt-out." You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the [Google advertising opt-out page](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html), or you can opt out of Google and other third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

3\. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Use. We take commercially reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We transmit sensitive information, such as credit card information, via secured channels.

3.1. USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION. We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may visit your personal profile at <[secure.davidco.com/store/register.php?mode=update](https://secure.davidco.com/store/register.php?mode=update)>. Through your personal profile you may review and update your Personal Information that we have already collected, and choose whether or not you wish us to send you information about our company.In the event we wish to send you promotional material from some of our partners or share your Personal Information with third parties, we will also give you the opportunity to choose whether or not you wish for us to do so. If you wish to contact us regarding your Personal Information, you may do so by e-mailing us at [websupport@davidco.com](mailto:websupport@davidco.com).

3.2. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION. Please notify us promptly at [websupport@davidco.com](mailto:websupport@davidco.com) if your credit card, user name, or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that credit card number, user name, or password from your account and update our records accordingly.

3.3. PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We may also make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.

4\. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.

Last Revised: April 14, 2009 

David Allen Company Website Privacy Policy

  * [](https://web.archive.org/print/privacy-policy "Display a printer-friendly version of this page.")



[](http://www.addthis.com/bookmark.php?v=250&pubid=xa-4d9dbc04179df2a8)

  

