> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cohuman.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110901222709id_/http%3A//www.cohuman.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# cohuman

**LAST UPDATED: February 8, 2010**

###  Privacy Policy 

Cohuman, Inc. ("Cohuman," "we," "us") is concerned about online privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes our practices in connection with Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through our website located at http://cohuman.com (the "Site" and, together with the service Cohuman provides through the Site, the "Service"). This Policy does not address our practices regarding information that we collect through any website, or by any other means, other than through the Site; nor does this Policy govern the collection, use or disclosure of information by any of our affiliates ("Affiliated Entities") or by third parties, including third parties who may receive information through the Site. 

By using the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to change this Policy without prior notice. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Policy on the Site. Use of the Service following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect. 

Note Regarding the Use of the Service by Children: The Service is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personally Identifiable Information through the Service. 

  


  1. **What Types of Information Does Cohuman Collect From Me?**

We gather two basic types of information through the Service: "Personally Identifiable Information" (or "PII") and "Non-Personally Identifiable Information" (or "Non-PII"). Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a person as an individual. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is aggregated information, demographic information, IP addresses and any other information that does not reveal a person's specific identity. 

    1. **Personally Identifiable Information.** In order for you to take advantage of particular opportunities provided through the Service we may require that you furnish PII. We collect PII from you through the Service, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number or other payment account number, only when you voluntarily provide it to us. You represent that you have received consent from any individual whose PII you submit in connection with the Service. 
    2. **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** When you visit and interact with the Service, we and our third-party service providers and business partners may collect Non-PII (for example, a catalog of the Site pages you visit). Non-PII is generally collected through the Service from five different sources: (i) server log files, (ii) environmental variables, (iii) cookies, (iv) pixel tags and other similar technologies, and (v) information that you voluntarily provide to us. 
      1. **Server Log Files.** Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We and our service providers use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose problems with the Service's servers, and administering the Service. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. 
      2. **Environmental Variables.** We and our service providers may also collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, Internet browser, and Internet browser version. These environmental variables are collected by most websites, and can be used to optimize your experience with the Service. 
      3. **Cookies.** We and our service providers use "cookies" in connection with the Service. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for recordkeeping and other purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites, and can facilitate users' ongoing access to and use of a particular website; cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular website, to your computer. Please note, however, that cookies are required for proper use of the Service. 
      4. **Pixel Tags.** We and our service providers may also use so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar means in connection with Site pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, track the actions of Service users and e-mail recipients, to determine the success of marketing campaigns and to compile aggregate statistics about Service usage and response rates. 
      5. **Information That You Voluntarily Provide.** We also collect Non-PII (e.g., your interests, your geographic location, etc.) when you voluntarily provide such information to us. Such information constitutes Non-PII because, unless combined with PII, it does not personally identify you or any other user. Additionally, we may aggregate PII in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Service, for example, by using PII to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code. Such aggregate information is considered Non-PII for purposes of this Policy. 
  2. **How Does Cohuman Use Information Collected From Me?**
    1. **Personally Identifiable Information.** We may use PII in the following ways: 
      1. **Service Operation.** We may use PII about you to fulfill the purpose for which such PII was provided (e.g., to provide communication features through the Service). 
      2. **Administrative Communications.** From time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use PII about you to send to you important information regarding the Service, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be important to your use of the Service, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications. 
      3. **Other Communications.** From time to time, we may use PII about you to inform you of products, programs, services and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you. If you would prefer that we do not send electronic marketing messages to you, please see the "Opt-Out" section below. 
      4. **Purchases.** When you make a purchase through the Service, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number, billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, "Payment Information") from you, and may use such Payment Information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also use third-party payment services (each, a "Payment Service") to collect payments made through the Service. If you make a payment through the Service, you may be directed to a webpage that is hosted by the Payment Service (or the Payment Service's service providers) and not by us (such page, the "Payment Service Page"). Any PII that you provide through a Payment Service Page will be collected by the Payment Service and not by us, and will be subject to the Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Policy. We have no control over, and shall not be responsible for, the Payment Service's use of information collected through the Payment Service Page. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION THROUGH A PAYMENT SERVICE PAGE OR THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF A PAYMENT SERVICE. 
      5. **Communications Through the Service.** We may provide functionality to permit you to send messages regarding Service-related content to others in connection with the Service. If you wish to use this feature, you may be required to provide us with, and we may use, the recipient's e-mail address, phone number, or other method of communication so that we can facilitate your sending of such message to the intended recipient. You represent that you have received consent from any individual whose PII you submit in connection with the Service. 
      6. **Internal Business Purposes.** We may also use PII about you for our internal business purposes, such as data backups and disaster recovery, data analysis, technical support, audits and so forth. 
    2. **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** Because Non-PII does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such Non PII, which does not personally identify you, with Affiliated Entities and other third parties, for any purpose. 

In some instances, we may combine Non-PII with PII (such as combining your name with your geographic location). If we do combine any Non-PII with PII, the combined information will be treated by us as PII hereunder as long as it is so combined. 

  3. **How Is Personally Identifiable Information Disclosed?**
    1. **Third-party Services.** We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to application hosting, data storage, data analysis, payment processing and other services, including services of an administrative nature. We reserve the right to share PII about you with such third parties for the purpose of enabling these third parties to provide such services (for example, if you choose to make a purchase through the Service, we may share your Payment Information or other PII with our third-party service providers to fulfill your purchase, including, without limitation, to process your credit card or payment account number or to ship products to you). 
    2. **Affiliate Communications.** From time to time, we may share PII about you with the Affiliated Entities to allow them to contact you regarding products, programs, services and promotions that they believe may be of interest to you. If you would prefer that we do not share your information with the Affiliated Entities for such Affiliated Entities' marketing purposes, please see the "Opt-Out" section below. 
    3. **Communications Through the Service.** Please note that any PII you provide in connection with sending messages regarding Service-related content to other recipients through the Service, such as your name and your e-mail address, will, of course, be disclosed to the recipient. 
    4. **Profiles.** We may provide functionality in connection with the Service that allows you to create a "profile page" (your "Profile") and post certain information and materials on your Profile. Please note that your Profile, including all PII and other information you make available in connection with your Profile, may be accessible to other users. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose PII about you, or any other information, in your Profile. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF ANY PII YOU DISCLOSE IN YOUR PROFILE. 
    5. **Information Posted by Visitors.** We may make available through the Site services (for example, message boards, forums, chat functionality and blogs, among other services) to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you disclose through such services or otherwise on the Service may be available to visitors to the Service and, in some cases, to the general public. In addition, when you choose to make a posting on such services, certain PII (for example, a link to your Profile that contains PII), will be available for other users to view. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose PII, or any other information, on the Service. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF ANY PII YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH THE SITE. 
    6. **Assignment.** We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from Service users to an Affiliated Entity or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). 
    7. **Law enforcement; emergencies; compliance.** Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose PII about you to others as we believe to be appropriate (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to governmental requests; (d) to enforce our Terms of Service; (e) to protect our operations or those of any Affiliated Entities; (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of us, the Affiliated Entities, you or others; and (g) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. For example, we may, to the fullest extent the law allows, disclose PII about you to law enforcement agencies to assist them in identifying individuals who have been or may be engaged in unlawful activities. 
  4. **Other Important Notices Regarding Our Privacy Practices.**
    1. **Third-party Services.** The Service contains links to third-party websites and services. We may also utilize third-party services that are embedded in the Site. Such third-party sites and services (including without limitation the websites of Affiliated Entities) are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked or embedded site or service, or any link contained in any linked site. If you provide any PII to any third-party website or service, your transaction will occur through such third-party's website or service (not the Site or Service) and the PII you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AFFILIATED ENTITIES. 
    2. **Security.** The Service is hosted in a cloud environment, and any information that you transmit through the Service will be hosted by the third-party provider(s) of such cloud environment, and not by us. Because we have no control over the operation of such cloud environment, we cannot guarantee that any data stored in such environment will be secure. We note that in the past, we have utilized a cloud environment provided by third parties Heroku.com and Amazon Web Services; please see http://legal.heroku.com/privacy and http://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ for examples of their respective cloud provider privacy policies, and please contact us in accordance with Section 4.f ("Contacting Us") if you would like to learn the identity of our current cloud provider(s). Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information that you transmit through the Service. You acknowledge and agree that any information that you transmit through the Service or upload for storage in connection with the Service is so transmitted or stored at your own risk. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with Section 4.f ("Contacting Us") below (note that if you choose to notify us via physical mail, this will delay the time it takes for us to respond to the problem). 
    3. **Opt-Out.** If you do not wish to receive marketing-related e-mails from us, or if you would prefer that we do not share PII about you with our affiliates and/or with third parties for such affiliates' and/or third parties' marketing purposes, you may opt-out of receiving such marketing-related e-mails or from such sharing by changing your account settings. 

We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove PII about you from the databases of affiliates or third parties with which we have already shared PII about you (i.e., to which we have already provided PII about you as of the date on which we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from such affiliates or third parties, please contact such affiliates or third parties directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms set forth in their respective privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails. 

    4. **Changing or Suppressing PII about you.** If you would like to review, correct, update or suppress PII that you have previously provided to us through the Service, you may do so by changing your account settings. 

Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed therefrom. We also reserve the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of the Service. Finally, we are not responsible for removing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared PII about you. 

    5. **Jurisdictional Issues.** The Service is controlled and operated by us from the United States, and is not intended to subject us or any Affiliated Entity to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. We do not represent or warrant that the Service, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Service do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Service's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. 
    6. **Contacting Us.** If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact us by e-mail at feedback@cohuman.com. Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us. 


