> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010602105355id_/http%3A//wen.com/Network/company_info.asp%3FPage%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# World Entertainment Network - Company Info

| 

**World Entertainment Network Privacy Statement**  
  
Your privacy on the internet is important to us. We have developed this privacy policy to explain the type of information we collect, what we do with it and how you can correct or change the information. 

nicheMusic.com PRIVACY POLICY Statement **Privacy Policy**  
Your privacy on the internet is important to us. We have developed this privacy policy to explain the type of information we collect, what we do with it and how you can correct or change the information. 

**Information Collected**  
WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK collects two types of personally identifying information from users: personal data (such as names, addresses and e-mail addresses); and aggregated data (such as information about traffic patterns on NICHEMUSIC.COM, INC., for example how many users log into WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK on a daily basis). **Personal Data**  
Personal data is collected when users provide personal data to us, for example in registering for electronic newsletters or other membership services, in answering surveys, purchasing items and registering for contests and other promotional opportunities provided by WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK. We also collect your credit card information, address and billing information so we may process your order and charge your account for products that you purchase. **Aggregated Information**  
Aggregated information, such as which pages users access or visit and information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations, is collected through various methods. For example, WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK collects IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from NICHEMUSIC.COM, INC., our servers log your IP address. WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us. WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to provide aggregate data to advertisers about the volume of use on WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK. **Security**  
All personal information is stored in our secure databases. Access to that information is strictly controlled and limited to certain individuals within WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK. **Use of Cookies**  
WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK also uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that most major Web sites write to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit them. Cookies allow WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK to measure activity on the Site and to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, thus allowing you to visit various member-only parts of the Site without re-registering. Cookies are used by WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK to measure activity on the Site and make improvements and updates based on which areas are popular and which are not. WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except for personal information voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during membership registration or a contest), WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK does not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, nor is that information shared with any third parties whatsoever. You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers, which is standard in the internet industry. WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK does not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK's privacy policies. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the Site, such as the member-only areas and shopping, contest and game areas, will not function properly if you do so. **Use of Information Collected by NICHEMUSIC.COM, INC.**  
WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK shares aggregated information with third parties for both advertising and promotional purposes. If you object to the use of personal information provided by you for any reason, you may stop that use by modifying your registration information online. Please change or delete your registration information by returning to the registration page on our site. **Children and Privacy**  
We will ask whether users are under the age of 18, or 13, for example when requesting personal information from users, or WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK may ask for parental consent. However, while WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK requests this information or permission, WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK relies on users to be truthful in responding to these questions. **Individuals Under 13**  
No information should be submitted to or posted on the Site by users under the age of 13 years without the consent of their parent or guardian. NICHEMUSIC.COM does not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever unless disclosed during collection. Users under the age of 13 are generally asked not to participate in contests or other promotional opportunities. **Individuals 13 Through 17**  
WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK requests that children under the age of 18 do not submit or post information to the Site without a parent or guardian's consent. WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK may collect information, including personally identifying information, from users between the ages of 13 and 17, and with the permission of their parent or guardian this information may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by WORLD ENTERTAINEMENT NETWORK and may be shared with prescreened third parties. If a user or their parent or guardian changes their mind with respect to such use, such user, parent or guardian may stop that use either by e-mail request or by modifying his/her registration information. **Links to Other Sites**  
www.wen.com contains links to many other sites, including links from advertisers, content providers and Network Partners. If you visit these sites, please look for their privacy policy and review it before submitting any personal information to them. Our postal address is   
World Entertainment Network  
San Francisco, CA. 94107

We can be reached via e-mail at [info@wen.com](mailto:%20info@wen.com)  
The policies above are applicable to www.wen.com and other Internet sites owned and operated by nicheMusic.com, Inc. 
