> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ebgames.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071213171000id_/http%3A//www.ebgames.com.au/home/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EB Games Australia >> We take games seriously™

Electronics Boutique Australia Pty Limited is aware of your concerns about use of your personal information. We attempt to use and share personal information that we collect online carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting ebgames.com.au or ebgames.co.nz, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice 

Our online privacy policy applies only to information that we collect from customers online who visit ebgames.com.au or ebgames.co.nz; it does also apply to any information collected at our retail stores and outlets. 

In this document, the word "computer" means any device used to connect to ebgames.com.au and ebgames.co.nz, including, but not limited to, mobile devices.

  
 **We Gather the Following Personal Information About Customers:**

 **Information That You Give Us:** We receive and store any information you enter on our website or that you give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, or to take advantage of some of our features for website customers.

We use customer contact information from the account form to customise future browsing for you, to improve our website and stores, and, if you choose, to send you information about our company and to inform you of sales and special offers. If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.

We obtain information about you when you search, participate in a contest or questionnaire, communicate with customer service, or otherwise contact us or post information on the website. For example, you provide information when you search for a product or provide information to update or create your account with us, communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future. The information collected can typically include your name, address, and phone; e-mails to us; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the website.

We ask if you are 15 years of age or older to determine what promotions we send. We limit certain promotional offers to customers of 15 years of age or older.  


 **We occasionally run our own email surveys** and we ask visitors for contact, demographic and technical information. We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company. This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards, if such a reward program is part of the survey. The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site.

 **Automatic Collection of Information:** Through interaction with our website, we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," which are placed on your computer (explained in more detail below). It lets us personalize your experience at ebgames.com.au and ebgames.co.nz, tailoring the content to your interests. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously, but if you use these utilities, it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer.

The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our website includes your Internet (IP) address; login and password information; e-mail address; web browser type and version; operating system and computer platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click stream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; areas of our website you visited. We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We assign you a unique internal identifier to help keep track of your future visits.

 **E-mail Communications:** We provide email links on our "Contact Us" page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We may receive a confirmation when you open any e-mail that we send to you, if your computer supports such capabilities. If you send us any email, we will retain such email and your email address for response. We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you.

 **Information from Other Sources:** If we receive any information about you from other sources, we may add it to our account information. For example, if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication, and we note that you are a subscriber, we may include that information in the account information that we store about you. page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website.

  
 **An Explanation of "Cookies"**

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser when you make future visits to our website, and to store certain information between visits.

You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to. Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You should look in the "help" area shown on your browser's toolbar. Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.

  
 **Sharing of Information**

 **Sharing with our Contractors.** We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include e-mail communications, customer lists management, data analysis, marketing assistance, and customer relationship management. These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission.

 **Promotional Offers May be Sent to You.** We may send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses, or permit other businesses that we are working with to send you offers, if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers. If you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.

  
 **Accessing Your Personal Information**

You are legally entitled to know what personal information an organisation holds about you and how that information is processed. If you would like to know what information we currently hold about you, please contact us by e-mail at [privacy@ebgames.com.au](mailto:privacy@ebgames.com.au) with the subject heading “Information Access”.

Security: We seek to take all reasonable security measures to safeguard against the loss, destruction, use, modification or disclosure of, or unauthorised access to, any personal information you have given us.

  
 **We May Change These Terms**

Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of this website, or this privacy notice, and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us, those terms and notices will still govern your use of ebgames.com.au or ebgames.co.nz. We may update or change our terms of use and this privacy notice at any time and from time to time, as we determine is appropriate. It is your responsibility to review them for changes.

  
 **Corporate Information**  
Electronics Boutique Australia Pty Limited  
ABN 50 077 681 442  
59 Bancroft Road  
Pinkenba, QLD 4008 Australia  
Telephone: + 61 73860 7777  
Facsimile: + 61 73860 7710  

