> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myscraps.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140619001457id_/http%3A//www.myscraps.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - MyScraps

**MyScraps.net** is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected, this privacy policy tells you how we use your personal information when they're collected in this site. 

**\- COOKIES OR BEACONS OF WEB**

**MyScraps.net** can add and read cookies or web beacons on your computer when the user has access to its pages. Cookies are generally used to distinguish users, store preferences and associate themselves only with the browser of your computer.

Cookies or web bacons that can be installed are generated by the server which operates **MyScraps.net** , or, they can be generated by third parties who provides publicity services and need to determinate the advertising based on your preferences.

We use these third-party advertising companies to serve ads during your visit to our website. These companies may use information (which do not include: your name, address, email address or your telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to display ads related to products and services of your interest.

Google, as third-party provider, uses cookies to display ads on your site. With the DART cookie, the Google can show ads to users based on visits made to your and other sites on the Internet.

The user can search the cookies on the hard drive of your computer and have the ability to configure the browser to be notified about their acceptance or prevent their installation.

**\- TECHNOLOGY OF TRACKING**

The site **MyScraps.net** can use the technology of tracking to collect information such as browser type and operating system used by the user, monitor the number of visitors and understand how they use the site.
