> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myscore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180926065810id_/https%3A//www.myscore.com/ms_info_privacy.asp%3FtGUID%3D677B4104-3786-4120-9DA9-D600272F615E) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyScore - Privacy Policy

MyScore and its past, present, or future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, assignees, successors, and their respective agents, employees, directors, officers, partners, and members (whether acting in their corporate or individual capacity) ("MyScore", "we", "our" or "us") operate this website, myscore.com along with other affiliated and co-branded websites (collectively, "Website"). The information we collect about you is used to provide you with a more personalized and rich experience while visiting the Website. Your use of the Website is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of and agreement to this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy covers how we treat information that we collect and receive about you via the Website, including information related to your past use of the Website. We have prepared a detailed policy in order for you to know as much as possible about our practices so that you can make informed decisions. By using the Website and thereby agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of automatic and personal information provided to us when you interact with the Website, as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to: (i) the practices of companies or other third parties that we do not own or control, or people that we do not employ or manage; or (ii) any offline matters, activities or information that we or any affiliate collects about you or anybody else.

The information learned from the Website's users, members and customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience with us. Here are the types of information we gather and how it is used:

* **Voluntarily Provided Information.** We receive and store any information you enter on the Website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at the Website include, but not limited to: name, address, email address, phone number, fax number, billing address, shipping address, product selections, order number, credit card number and expiration date, referring URL, IP address, password, username, gender, occupation, personal interests, your age and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. You voluntarily provide this personally identifiable information when you enter it on the Website whether in connection with a purchase, payment, newsletter subscription, promotion or contest and/or other special benefits.
* **Automatically Provided Information.** We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Website or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of the Website on other web sites. 

  * **Non-Personal:** We collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
  * **IP Address:** Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a unique identifier used to connect your computer to the Internet. IP addresses may be used for various purposes, including to: (i) help us identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information; (ii) diagnose service or technology problems that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific Web company or ISP; (iii) estimate the total number of users visiting the Website from specific areas; and (iv) help determine which users have access privileges to certain content on the Website.
  * **Cookies:** We use a feature of your Internet Web browser called a "cookie," a small piece of information stored on your hard drive that uniquely identifies your intra- and inter-requests on the Website. Cookies may be used for various purposes, including to keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the Website. If you wish to disable the use of cookies, please review the Help section of your Internet browser for instructions. Users can also express their choices for display advertising, through the following platforms: Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out platform or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out platform. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
  * **Web Beacons:** Web pages may contain electronic images (called a "single-pixel GIF" or "Web beacon") that allow a Website to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies. We use Web beacons (i) in order to count users and to recognize users by accessing Website cookies, (ii) to count and recognize users who have read emails sent by Company, and (iii) to personalize your experience when you visit the Website.
  * **Mobile Device Unique Identifier:** We may provide services that allow users to access and customize Internet content through mobile phones, PDAs and other alternative devices. These devices may collect different information than what is collected by computers. When connecting to the Website using a mobile device that provides Internet access, if the mobile device service provider uniquely identifies the device, we will be able to receive this information. We may use this unique mobile device identification information to offer extended services and/or functionality. Certain services may require collection of the phone number for your device. We may associate that phone number to the mobile device identification information.
  * **Physical Location:** Some mobile phone service providers in the United States are required to operate a system that will pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service. Depending on the provider and if you are located in the United States, we may automatically receive this information. We may use and store this information to provide enhanced location-based services as well as to serve location-targeted advertising.


* **Use of Third Parties to Collect Information.** We may use a third party to collect information on the Website for market research purposes, including through the use of cookies and web beacons. In addition, we allow other companies that are presenting advertisements on some of the Website pages to set and access cookies on your computer. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. We do not control cookies from third-party advertisers. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not our Privacy Policy.

## INFORMATION SHARING.

We may disclose information about you to those whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. If you do not want us to use or disclose personal information collected about you in the ways identified in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website or related services.

  * **Promotions; Newsletters.** We may provide personal information provided when you register or when you sign up for a newsletter, sweepstakes or contest to trusted partners who work with us. These companies may use your personal information to communicate with you about offers or surveys from us and/or our marketing partners. If you would like to opt out from receiving these materials, please email info@myscore.com.
  * **Agents; Contractors.** We occasionally have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, research, credit card processing, shipping or stocking orders, providing customer service, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access only to the personal information needed to perform their functions. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Website.
  * **Legal Reasons.** We may disclose and release information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Additionally, we may share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or as otherwise allowed by law.
  * **Sponsors; Advertisers.** We may collect personal information about you and share it with third parties to the extent that you give us permission at the time of collection. For example, we may display targeted advertisements based on personal information provided when you register. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria (for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area). By interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad. We also sometimes gather personal information on behalf of a sponsor in association with a promotion. In such a case, we will provide you notice at the time of collection that the information is being collected on the sponsor's behalf and link to the sponsor's privacy policy.
  * **Within the Company.** We may share your personal information with any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control. Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy. 



## LINKS TO OUTSIDE THIRD PARTIES. 

We may establish relationships with business partners by creating a link between their sites and the Website. We are not, however, responsible for the content, maintenance or privacy policies of those sites. The Website may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than our information practices. Users who click over to a third party site from a link on the Website must be aware that we make no warranties with regard to that site's policies or business practices. We are not responsible for any transactions that occur between the user and the third party site. Please consult the other sites' privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties. Should a user purchase any products or services from that third party site, the user must contact the third party site directly regarding any disputes that might occur, including but not limited to delayed shipping, missing products, damaged goods or pricing and billing discrepancies. We are not responsible for the actions of any third-party site.

## CHILDREN'S GUIDELINES.

The Website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor do we contact children under the age of 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent's permission. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet use. Also, we strongly encourage parents to help us enforce its Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information on the Website without permission. It is possible that due to fraud or deception by others, we may unknowingly receive information pertaining to children under the age of 13. If we are notified of this, once we have verified the information, we will promptly obtain parental consent or otherwise delete the information from its servers. If you want to notify us of your receipt of information in relation to children under the age of 13, please email info@myscore.com.

## PUBLIC FORUMS.

The Website may have chat rooms, forums, message boards and newsgroups available to its users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. As these forums are public and open for users to interact with each other, we expect all its users to respect the rights of others. By using these forums, you agree that we are not responsible for any information that you disclose or communicate in such forums, and any disclosures you make are at your own risk.

## CONSENT TO INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS.

The Website is operated in the United States. While Company is committed to providing your information with a high level of privacy protection, you should know that the general level of protection for personal information in the United States may not be the same as that provided in other countries. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with personally identifiable information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer and the collection and processing of information in the United States.

## SECURITY.

We place a priority on the security of personal information and we have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We are able to keep your personal information safe and secure by utilizing the industry standard technology, including password protected member records, firewalls, secure servers and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

## CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

We reserve the right to change, modify add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. Please check the Website frequently to see recent changes. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon posting thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, we may occasionally notify you by email about changes to the Website or provide notices of changes by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Website. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and all of the terms and conditions set forth herein.

## MAKING CHANGES TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.

We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. When you receive promotional communications from us you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail or newsletter you receive. You may update or edit the information you previously provided in your account, or discontinue your account at any time. If you would like to edit or cancel your account, discontinue marketing communications from us or third parties, discontinue any sharing or personally identifiable information with third parties, or ask any technical questions, please email info@myscore.com. Keep in mind, however, that even if you delete information from your profile, we may retain your personal information in conformance with our data retention policy and personal information may remain within our databases, access logs, and other records. In addition, we are not responsible for updating or removing your personal information contained in the lists or databases of third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Privacy Policy.

## TERMS OF USE.

If you choose to visit the Website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of applicable state law. If you have any concern about privacy at the Website, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. 

## CONTACTING THE WEBSITE.

For further information or questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website or your dealings with this Website, you may contact our Privacy Officer at compliance@myscore.com, via written correspondence to MyScore, Attn: Business & Legal Affairs; 169 W 2710 South Circle #202A St. George, UT 84790.
