> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mysitemyway.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-05-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090501183401id_/http%3A//mysitemyway.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | My Site My Way

My Site My Way will not collect any personally identifiable information from you unless it is necessary for us to provide the services that we have agreed to provide to you – or to obtain payment for said services.

1\. What does this mean? It means that we may collect personal information from you when you visit our website and order services from us. We cannot provide services to you and bill you for those services without knowing who you are and how we may contact you. There may be other situations where you will be asked to provide personal information to us.

If we ever ask for information that you do not want to provide, you can avoid providing that information to us by not having us provide any services to you. Should that ever occur, we would appreciate it if you would send us an email to tell us why you think the personal information that we are requesting is not necessary for us to do business with you. We would be happy to examine your point of view. We are not interested in collecting unnecessary personal information. We are not in the business of gathering information; we are in the business of providing web design, web content, web hosting, and web maintenance services.

The personally identifiable information that we that we collect includes, but is not necessarily limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, telephone numbers, website URL’s, and other billing information. We will use this information to send out billing notices, renewal reminders, and other correspondence regarding the services that have or are currently providing to you. If you do not wish to provide us with this information or do not wish to receive communications from us, do not ask us to provide any services to you. Please be advised that we do not currently collect credit card information from any of our clients. We prefer to have PayPal handle those types of payment transactions for us – partly because of the excellent reputation that PayPal has with the online community.

2\. Cookies and How We Use Them. My Site My Way may also collect information about how you, or any other clients, access our website using an identification number unique to each user. This information is for internal use only and does not personally identify you in any way.

This unique identification number is known as a cookie and may also be used by third party affiliates to verify any purchase that you might make so that they can be assured of receiving a referral fee if we have a contractual agreement to provide them with one. The affiliate tracking cookies only tag your purchase from their referral site to ours and do not personally identify you in any way to the third party. At no point in time will any third party obtain any personally identifiable information.

What exactly is a cookie? It is nothing more than data stored on your computer that is linked to information about you. There are two types of cookies, session identification cookies and persistent identification cookies. A session identification cookie terminates and is erased once you log out or close your browser. Session identification cookies may be used to track your preferences while you are visiting our website. A persistent cookie is simply a cookie that is stored on your computer for an extended period of time. They can also be used to minimize web page load times. Persistent cookies may be used by My Site My Way to store whether, for example, you want your password remembered or not, and other information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website. You may, if you wish, use your browser to delete these cookies whenever you choose.

We may from time to time enter into business arrangements whereby a third party may use cookies on our site for similar purposes. We have no access to or control over their cookies. Again, you may use your browser to delete these cookies whenever you choose.

3\. Log Files and How We Use Them. A log file will include information about you or any other person that visits our website, but that information does not contain any personally identifiable information. The purpose of this information is to gather data on visitors to our website that may help us do a better job of marketing our services. Let us say, for example, that we are offering a half dozen web design specials, but that one of them gets significantly more clicks than others. And that those clicks are originating from the State of Nevada – a state that is aggressively marketing the benefits of incorporating a business in that state. That information is important to us because we are in the business of providing services, and it only makes sense that we channel our resources toward the services that our web audience finds most compelling. Using this example a little further, we would then reallocate our marketing budget and target a higher percentage of our ads to viewers that are interested in incorporating a business in Nevada. What specifically would we be collecting? The IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/stamp, and number of clicks of a visitor to our site.

4\. Personally Identifiable Information. My Site My Way may use the personally identifiable information that we collect to contact you regarding the services that we currently offer – or plan to offer in the future. Our trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners may also use this information for the same types of purposes if you agree to it. We may also use this information to study the effectiveness of our website services, marketing, advertising, and sales efforts. My Site My Way will not share this information with a third party unless you specifically authorize us to do so. Why might you decide to do so? You might decide to do so because some of the affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners of ours may have special products and services that you might be interested in – or may be interested in offering you discounted prices to encourage you to try their products and services.

5\. Disclosure of Information. My Site My Way may also disclose anonymous data based on information collected from you and other visitors to our website to investors and potential partners. My Site My Way may from time to time hire third parties, including its own subsidiaries and affiliated companies, to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by My Site My Way from its clients. In all such cases, third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as does My Site My Way, and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for herein.

6\. Special Offers and Updates. We would like to send you and any other client of ours announcements regarding special offers or more general information on what we are doing in the fields of web design, content, hosting, and maintenance. If you do not wish to receive any of the above communications – unless they directly relate to an ongoing service relationship with us - you may opt out of receiving them by sending us an email to that effect using the “contact us” form on our website.

On some occasions, it may be necessary to send out service-related announcements. In our opinion, opting out of such communications could be detrimental to you or to us. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option of not having us perform ongoing services for you, such as website hosting, that could require such communications.

7\. Legal Disclaimer. It is our intent to protect your privacy whenever possible, but there may be situations where that is not possible. My Site My Way cannot make its own independent determination on the validity of demands from law enforcement agencies or courts of law for information on our customers. It is our policy to cooperate with law enforcement agencies and courts of law in these types of matters.

My Site My Way website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies of other websites. You can, of course, study their privacy policies in the same manner that you have studied ours and determine if you want to do business with them. Please also be aware that My Site My Way’s privacy policy as described herein applies solely to information collected by My Site My Way.

8\. Maintenance and Security of Information. My Site My Way does not collect social security numbers, credit card numbers, or similar types of sensitive information. We believe that information of that type should only be stored in encrypted files. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, but caution you that no method of protection is completely immune to attack. Should you ever have any questions or concerns about how we handle your personal information, please use the “contact us” form on our website to communicate those questions or concerns to us.

9\. More on Personally Identifiable Information. If your personally identifiable information changes in some way, you may update it using the “contact us” form on our website. If we build a website for you and another company hosts and maintains it, you may request that we delete the personal information that we have about you on our computers and/or servers using the “contact us” form on our website.

10\. Your Responsibility. You are responsible for the security of any username or password that we may have assigned to you to enable you to access your account with us. Make sure that you keep them in a safe place and do not share them with others. Always remember to log out after your session ends to ensure that others cannot access your private personal information. You should take this precaution even if you are not using a shared computer.

11\. Changes to this Policy. My Site My Way reserves the right to make changes to its privacy policies without any prior notice to you or permission from you. If, in our own determination, we have made a material change to these policies, we will notify you of same herein, or when you log into your account, or by email or any other method of communication that we use to regularly communicate with you.

(back to top)
