> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mysmartmove.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181009175555id_/https%3A//www.mysmartmove.com/SmartMove/privacy-policy.page) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TransUnion SmartMove Privacy Policy | SmartMove Tenant Screening

SmartMove, a service of TransUnion Rental Screening Solutions, Inc. ("TURSS") is committed to respecting the consumer's right to privacy and has created this privacy statement (the "Privacy Policy") to demonstrate our commitment. Any use of SmartMove websites, products or services is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time. Please check this page each time you use our website for the most current information. 

This Privacy Policy applies to SmartMove websites, online applications for mobile devices, tablets, smart phones, or other online products and services that we offer.

Last Updated 11/9/2017

**The lnformation We Collect from You**   
TransUnion SmartMove allows consumers to authorize third party access to his or her credit report, public record information consumer reports, and related data ("Consumer Report Information") through our website and related applications. We collect your personal information only if you decide to authorize access to your Consumer Report Information, purchase one of our products or services, subscribe to our emails or newsletter, participate in one of our contests or surveys, sign up for an account with us, or transact other business with us. Such information includes: 

  * **Personal Information:** This is information that can be used to personally identify an individual, such as your name, current and/or billing address, your email address, your Social Security number and certain other personal information, including your date of birth, other address information, and credit card number, in order to provide consumers with the best products that we can. 
  * **Online Information:** This is information or data collected on the SmartMove website and applications, which may include information on what website you visited, when you visited it, how long you stayed, and what device you accessed the website from. We may also collect additional information, such as: the device you use to access our website(s) or our mobile applications; your browsing history while you are on our websites or apps (e.g., the pages you view, how long you stay on each page, how often you come back and your behavior while you are on our websites); the IP Address and information related to that IP Address such as geographical information, domain information the internet service provider used; which ads or online content that you view, access, or click on; and the location of your mobile device. 
  * **Nonpersonal Information:** This is information that is anonymized, de-identified, or depersonalized in a way that does not identify an individual to a third party. It includes information that we may collect from our consumers. 



**What Security Measures We Take**   
TURSS takes precautions to secure your Personal Information. If and when we ask you to provide your Personal Information, we will do so through a webpage that uses the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. This protocol provides security for your information by encrypting it as it travels from your computer to our computer. For security purposes we then move all of the Personal Information that we collect or obtain about you, including your Consumer Report Information, to an environment on our proprietary network that has controls in place to limit access to and secure the data maintained therein. 

**How We Use and Share Your Personal lnformation**   
Unless you indicate to us that you are not interested in receiving information regarding other products and services your name, e-mail address, and/or other contact information may be shared with a third party in order to present these offers to you. Personal Information that is shared with these entities will be monitored in accordance with our security and confidentiality policies. If you prefer not to receive such information, you may indicate your preference by contacting TURSS when you register for SmartMove, place an order or update your account information, and TURSS will not send you any promotional materials. 

  * **Communication**   
SmartMove will facilitate communication between the consumer and the third party for whom the consumer has authorized access to Consumer Report Information. This communication will be provided both through the SmartMove website and through emails. These emails are part of the SmartMove service and cannot be disabled. SmartMove may also use your email address for non-service related notification such as making you aware of new products or services or enhancements to existing products or services available from TURSS or its affiliates. You may opt-out of receiving these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions within each email or by contacting us at [opt out number]. In the event that you unsubscribe from email communications, we may share your email address with our compliance agents or approved marketing partners to prevent you from receiving additional offers. 
  * **Ordering & Product Fulfillment**   
If you elect to order our products or authorize the release of Consumer Report Information, we will collect your Personal Information in order to process your transaction. TURSS also must share some of your Personal Information with third parties in order to process your transaction. For example, TURSS must share your name, address and Social Security number with one or more of the nationwide credit reporting agencies in order to obtain Consumer Report Information. Third parties who require your Personal Information in order to provide you with service are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for the purpose of providing that service. 
  * **Third Parties**   
Unless you indicated to us when you registered, placed an order or updated your account that you were not interested in receiving information about products and services provided by TURSS and its marketing partners, your name, email address, and/or other contact information may be shared with a third party in order to present additional TURSS offers or third party offers to you. These entities are only allowed to use shared information for the intended purpose only and will be monitored in accordance with our security and confidentiality policies. Your information also may be used to serve relevant ads to you when you visit the site. TURSS may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to comply with, or be responsive to, legal process served on us (such as a subpoena), or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of TURSS, our users or others. In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information to consultants, agents and advisors, such as attorneys and accountants, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is within the scope of their professional duties to TURSS and with the understanding that such professionals will abide by our security and confidentiality policies. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our site or on other sites which we use for advertising. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness; and they are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. 
  * **Affiliates**   
TURSS is a member of the TransUnion family. The TransUnion family of companies, including but not limited to TURSS's parent, its affiliates and its subsidiaries, is collectively referred to as "TransUnion." We share your information with TransUnion in order to provide you with TransUnion products, to improve TransUnion product offerings, to facilitate and improve TransUnion's advertising, to improve TransUnion's database accuracy, to send you targeted offers, and for use in products, which may be provided to TransUnion customers for debt recovery, investigations, compliance, fraud prevention, law enforcement, risk mitigation, and other lawful purposes. 



**Updating Your Consumer Report Information**   
If you believe that some of the information in your consumer report is inaccurate, you may initiate a dispute of such information and contact TURSS by calling us at 888-387-1750 or emailing us at [TURSSDispute@transunion.com](mailto:TURSSDispute@transunion.com). 

**The Collection of Anonymous Data**  
In order to enhance the usefulness of our website and our products and services, TURSS will collect data about our customers' use of our website, in a manner that does not include any Personal Information. While you browse the SmartMove website, we note which pages of our site you visit and note the IP address of your computer (as all websites do automatically), but we do not link that address information to your Personal Information. The general information we gather enables us to serve our customers better by continually enhancing our site based on up-to-date use patterns. 

We use Google Analytics, Optimizely, or other similar analytical tools to obtain information collected in order to display, optimize and personalize advertisements and customer experience on our web properties that are designed. We are also provided anonymous information collected from other websites on which we display advertisements that enables us to understand how visitors to our site, who were exposed to ads we have placed on those other websites, interact with our site. We may use this information to enhance or modify our campaigns that are designed to bring web visitors to our site. Google allows you to opt-out of this anonymous data collection and sharing activity by visiting the Google Analytics Privacy Overview web page and following the procedures noted under the Browser Opt-Out and Privacy Center information sections (search for these sites through [www.google.com](http://www.google.com/)). 

**Updating Your Personal Information and Email Preferences**   
You can correct or update at any time the Personal Information that you provided and that we maintain on you by accessing the SmartMove website and selecting "Account Information" from the Main Menu. 

**SmartMove Newsletter**   
You may sign up for our free newsletter in a variety of ways. You are automatically enrolled when you place an order and provide your email address unless you opt-out by contacting SmartMove. You may unsubscribe at any time. Please allow 48 hours to process. You also may sign up without ordering by requesting to receive the newsletter on the SmartMove website and providing your name and email address. You can opt-out of receiving the email by responding to the newsletter and asking to be unsubscribed, or calling our customer service department and asking to be taken off the list. 

**Notification of Changes to this Privacy Statement**  
TURSS may amend this Privacy Statement at any time and will notify users of any material change by posting the updated Privacy Statement on the home page of the SmartMove website. 

**Possible Acquisition**  
In the event of an acquisition of all or part of TURSS by another company, or in the event that TURSS were to sell or dispose of all or a part of the business, the acquirer would have access to the information maintained by the TURSS business, which could include your Personal Information, subject to applicable law. The acquirer's privacy statement might be different than TURSS' Privacy Statement, or the acquirer might choose to amend TURSS' Privacy Statement. You will be notified by email if, as a result of such acquisition, TURSS' Privacy Statement is materially changed or if the acquirer's Privacy Statement is materially different than TURSS' Privacy Statement. In connection with such notice, you will be given an opportunity to inform the acquirer that you do not consent to the use or disclosure by the acquirer of your Personal Information in accordance with such new or revised Privacy Statement. 

**The Use of Cookies**  
TURSS uses "cookies," which are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping and tracking purposes, to track and facilitate your access to our products and services. TURSS uses cookies in accordance with industry-standard protocols, and does not use cookies, either directly or in conjunction with other websites, to track your movement to websites other than SmartMove. If you would like more information about cookies, you can visit [http://www.cookiecentral.com/n_cookie_faq.htm.](http://www.cookiecentral.com/n_cookie_faq.htm) TURSS uses a type of session cookie that is needed so that we can process each step of your transactions with us. If you refuse to accept this type of cookie, you will not be able to access our products and services. Most web browsers automatically delete this type of cookie when you terminate your session. TURSS is not configured to recognize browser "do not track" settings and, as such, setting this parameter in a user's browser does not impact site functionality. We may use third-party companies to serve ads on our site or on other sites which we use for advertising, track your movement on SmartMove, or deliver ads from other sites. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness; and they are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, [click here.](https://www.networkadvertising.org/) Like many websites, we use retargeting, a cookie-based technology, to provide advertisements that we think our site visitors may like. Retargeting works by placing an anonymous pixel in your browser when you visit the site. The pixel ensures that our ads are served only to people who have previously visited our sites. 

**Links to Other Websites**  
Some pages on the SmartMove website may contain links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy statements may differ from ours. 

**Policy Regarding Children**  
We define children as individuals under the age of 18. Our website is not intended for the use of children and we do not intend to collect information about children through our website. You must be at least 18 to access any products through this website or become a member of any membership program entitled to membership benefits. 

**Effective Date: 11/9/2017**
