> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myspringfieldmommy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630094538id_/http%3A//www.myspringfieldmommy.com/2013/01/my-springfield-mommy-disclosure-privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# My Springfield Mommy: My Springfield Mommy Disclosure & Privacy Policy

We comply with all FTC guidelines: 

Disclosure:

This policy is valid (December 1, 2012) This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network or sponsorship.

At times the owner of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner of this blog receives compensation for posts or advertisements, they always give honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products.

The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers' own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest. None of the readers information is ever shared or sold.

**Privacy Policy:**

Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.

Google Adsense

Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.

Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, (My Springfield Mommy) has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.

Collection of Personal Information

When visiting (My Springfield Mommy), the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Links to Third Party Websites

We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.

Changes to this Privacy Statement

The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.

Contact us if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy.

**********************************

Regarding Reviews & Giveaways: 

Unless compensation is mentioned all reviews and giveaway:  
"I received one or more of the products or services mentioned above for free in hope that I would mention it on my blog. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: "Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising."

From time to time I enlist the help of friends.  They only share honest opinions of any products they review.  Any review that I do not personalty do, will share the name of the person who has.  Any review done by a friend is done on a volunteer basis, they receive no compensation to share their opinions.  
 Don't miss the freebies, coupons, and deals, [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/MySpringfieldMommy) Now!   
[](http://www.blogger.com/blogger.g?blogID=1820085184360642178)
