> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pimsleurapproach.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522112607id_/http%3A//www.pimsleurapproach.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Pimsleur Approach™

This Privacy Policy is Effective as of April 5, 2012.

## Privacy Practices for Our Website

Internetorderllc.com and pimsleurapproach.com (the "Websites") are Internet properties of Internet Order LLC ("us" or "we"). Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy is designed to inform you of what information Internet Order LLC collects, why we collect such information and how we use the information we collect (this "Privacy Policy"). If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at [customercare@pimsleurapproach.com](https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc/s-61627811/web/ticketpub/msgcontroller.jsp). You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you access or use the Websites or otherwise make a purchase of any Internet Order LLC product (a "Product"). If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Website. Additional information about consumer use of the Internet is available via the Federal Trade Commission and at its website, [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/).

## Personally Identifiable Information

In general, you can browse our Web Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") about yourself. We collect PII from this Website when you purchase a Product or otherwise choose to provide PII to us. PII is any information that can be used to identify or locate a particular person or entity. This includes, but is not limited to: full name, home, billing and physical address, telephone number, mobile number, email address or other contact information, credit card number and expiration date. When you submit your PII to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your PII as set forth in this Privacy Policy. For example, you may choose to send us PII about yourself in an email or by completing an online form on our Website. Once collected, we will store your PII for a reasonable period of time for record keeping purposes. The information that we store is sometimes deleted as space requires or in the normal course of business. Please note that when sensitive personal information (for example, credit card information) is transferred over the Internet, we protect it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.

## Information Sharing

Internet Order LLC may sell, share, trade, barter or rent your PII (excluding banking information) to or with others for a variety of purposes including the offer of other information, products and services, unless you have not granted us permission to do so. Your PII is may also be shared with third parties: (a) where necessary to conduct business, such as shipping Products or invoicing, or making payments to, or collecting money from, a consumer who purchases a Product or service from Internet Order LLC (a "Client"); (b) in the case of Client's breach of any agreement between Client and Internet Order LLC; (c) where required by law, or requested by a court or governmental authority; (d) in the event of Internet Order LLC bankruptcy, or if Internet Order LLC is sold or acquired; or (e) where Internet Order, LLC determines, in its sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights of Internet Order LLC and/or a third party, or necessary to protect Internet Order LLC from liability of any kind. We may collect and possibly share PII and any other information available to us in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal or unlawful activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required by law. We may also exchange PII and any other information with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.

These third parties only receive PII if such information is needed to perform their function(s), and they are not authorized to use any PII for any other purpose other than the purpose set forth by Internet Order LLC. 

## Providing Information

If you provide Internet Order LLC with PII, this information may be used to communicate to you information regarding Internet Order LLC and its Products and services. For example, we may communicate to you information regarding promotions, surveys, contests, sweepstakes or Product or service updates. Your PII may also be used to improve and customize our Website's content, layout, product offerings and services, and to better understand our users' demographics, interests, behavior and responses to marketing initiatives. In addition to the uses set forth above, if you contact us (and provide PII) or submit a request or inquiry through our Website (and provide PII), we will use your information to respond to your inquiry or request and to provide you with any other additional information that we believe may be helpful or interesting to you. Additionally, your PII may be shared, sold, lent or leased to third-parties who may offer you additional information, products and/or services.

If you place an order with Internet Order LLC, in addition to the uses set forth above, we will use your PII to confirm your order, prevent and detect fraud or abuse, respond to your requests or inquiries, provide you with other administrative information regarding your order, review for errors omissions and accuracy, and provide you with any other information we deem helpful or interesting to you.

If you do not want to receive communications from Internet Order LLC, you may elect to opt-out of receiving such communications by: (1) e-mail "unsubscribe" to [customercare@pimsleurapproach.com](https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc/s-61627811/web/ticketpub/msgcontroller.jsp) or (2) make your request in person by contacting us at [866-204-7139](tel:866-204-7139). If you wish a third-party to stop communicating with you, please follow that party's un-subscribe procedures.

## Non-Personally Identifiable Information 

We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("Non-PII") from Website visitors. Non-PII is information that cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include the following as to you: IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, Internet Service Provider, domain name, time/date of visit to our Website, referring URL and computer operating system.

Internet Protocol ("IP") Address–When you visit our Website, Internet Order LLC collects your IP address in combination with your PII which it uses for the purpose of, among other things, helping to diagnose problems with its server, administer and tune the operation of its Website, analyze trends, track traffic patterns, gather demographic information for aggregate use, track the date and duration of each session within our Website, as well as for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

We use "cookies" and web beacons to help us manage our Website. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters. Web beacons (also known as "1X1 pixels" or "clear GIFs") are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. Web users have the option of blocking the use of cookies by changing a setting in their browser. Web users can check their browser supplier's website for details on how to do this. Declining the use of cookies may render inoperable certain features of the Website. Where authorized by us, third parties may use cookies, Internet Order LLC's web log files, web beacons and other monitoring technologies to compile aggregate statistics on Internet Order LLC's behalf. The non-personal information that we collect is used to understand better and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of our Website and marketing programs. We may share or transfer Non-PII with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners. We use cookies on certain pages of our Website in order, among other things, to analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, deliver to you a more customized shopping experience, track visits from our affiliates and partners and allow the use of our shopping cart. Internet Order LLC does not use cookies to store or collect any PII. Internet Order LLC web pages may also contain electronic images know as Web beacons. These Web beacons allow Internet Order LLC to count users who have visited certain Web pages or to deliver co-branded services. Additionally, Internet Order LLC may use third-party advertising or content delivery companies to serve ads or images on our Website or on other websites on the World Wide Web. These companies may use web beacons to place a cookie on your computer. Doing this allows the third party to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and to compile anonymous information. Information collected through these third party advertising companies is anonymous.

For more information about cookies and web beacons please visit <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/>.

## Third Party Websites

This Website may contain links to and advertisements for websites operated by third parties whose privacy practices may differ from those of Internet Order LLC. While we endeavor to associate only with reputable entities, Internet Order LLC cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. We encourage you to check the privacy policies (which may include separate "un-subscribe" procedures) of all websites that you visit.

This site uses ClickTale web analytics service. ClickTale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website. ClickTale does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use ClickTale services. For more information see [Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the ClickTale Web Analytics Service](http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx). We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to create a better experience for our customers. You can choose to disable the Service at <http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html>.

## Minors

This Website is not intended for visitors who are under eighteen (18) years of age. Internet Order LLC does not knowingly solicit or collect information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18). If we determine that we have inadvertently collected PII from someone under eighteen (18), we will take reasonable steps to purge this information from our database. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the Internet activities of their children.

##  Security

All collected information is stored in a technically and physically secure environment. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect PII (including Sensitive Information) off-line. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect our end users' PII, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 

Once we receive the transmission of your PII, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. Access to this information is strictly limited and not accessible to the public. All our end users' PII is restricted in our offices. Only personnel who need the information to perform a specific job (for example a customer service representative) are granted access to PII. Personnel not adhering to our policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state law, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your PII. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and engage in remedial measures.

Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notification of Changes:–Internet Order LLC reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a clear and conspicuous notice on the Website explaining that we are changing our Privacy Policy. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check the Website periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Website and/or acceptance of our e-mail communications following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes.

## Changing or Deleting your PII

If the PII Internet Order LLC has received from you changes or you would like to revise such information, we will gladly correct or update any personal data you have previously provided to us. To request a change or update to your personal information, please send an e-mail to [customercare@pimsleurapproach.com](https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc/s-61627811/web/ticketpub/msgcontroller.jsp) or contact us at [866-204-7139](tel:866-204-7139). If you would like us to delete any PII that you have provided to us on our Website, please send your request to us at [customercare@pimsleurapproach.com](https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc/s-61627811/web/ticketpub/msgcontroller.jsp) and we will process your request, where possible, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy within a reasonable period of time after receipt.

## Contacting the Website

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of Internet Order, LLC, please feel free to contact us at [customercare@pimsleurapproach.com](https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc/s-61627811/web/ticketpub/msgcontroller.jsp), or via postal mail at:

Internet Order LLC  
Attn: Privacy Officer  
1600 JFK Boulevard  
3rd Floor  
Philadelphia, PA 19103

We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. To opt out of receiving communications from Internet Order LLC: (1) e-mail "unsubscribe" to [customercare@pimsleurapproach.com](https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc/s-61627811/web/ticketpub/msgcontroller.jsp) or (2) make your request in person by contacting us at [866-204-7139](tel:866-204-7139).
