> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bioportfolio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130607214356id_/http%3A//www.bioportfolio.com/info/privacy-and-cookie-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BioPortfolio Privacy and Cookie Policy

This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how BioPortfolio Limited uses any personal information we collect about you and how you can limit our use of your data.

##  How do we collect information on individuals and organization?

Information is gathered by:

a. indirectly using website technology (eg cookies) and sourcing information in the public domain; and

b. directly when you register to become a registered user, create a BioPortfolio.com profile, or, send an email to any BioPortfolio email address.

##  What information do we gather?

1\. We gather information that relates to, and can identify you (e.g. your name and address) and information that does not identify you (e.g. the location of your server, IP address etc).

##  Use of your information

1\. We might use your personal information to:

a. remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies. You can prevent this; section 5 deals with this in more detail.

b. ensure any products or services you receive are correctly administered.

c. log your location for the delivery of advertising.

d. contact you by mail or telephone to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions (which, in some cases may be provided by third parties) if you give us permission.

e. ensure materials on the website are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.

f. collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage.

4\. Accessing and updating your personal information

a. You can update your details and marketing preferences by accessing your account pages on the website, by emailing [priority@bioportfolio.com](mailto:priority@bioportfolio.com) or by writing to us at Data Department, Wessex Barn, 8 Dorchester Road, Frampton, DT2 9NB, Dorset, United Kingdom.

b. You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send an email to priority@bioportfolio.com There will be an administrative charge of £10 for providing a copy of this information.

##  Cookies

a. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to the web browser, which enable the web server to collect information from the browser. We use cookies to remember you when you visit this website to keep track of your browsing patterns and to build up a profile of how you and other users use the website. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com .

b. Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. If you want to know how to do this please look at the “help” menu on your browser. However, switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which the website operates. BioPortfolio.com uses cookies as part of our commenting and delivery system. Please ensure cookies are “switched on” on your browser if you wish to comment on the website.

c. This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

##  Third party advertising cookies

a. Most of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties generate their own cookies to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes. The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website).

b. If you would like to disable "third party" cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party's website and getting them to generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine. Here are links to the third party advertising platforms we use, each of which have instructions on how to do this:

<http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx>

##  Security

a. The password you provide when registering with the website is encrypted to ensure protection against unauthorised access to your personal information.

b. We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy. No data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the website. Any information that you send is at your own risk and may be read by others. However once we have received your personal information we use strict procedures to protect the security of your personal information.

##  Disclosing your information

a. We may disclose your personal information if we are approached by a potential buyer of our business, if we are required to do so by law or in good-faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law.

b. We sometimes share or licence your personal information with third parties who are our subcontractors or providers of various products and services that we perceive would be of direct interest to you.

c. If requested we will not sell personal information, or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission.  Please email [priority@bioportfolio.com](mailto:priority@bioportfolio.com) at any time requesting that we do not disclose your personal information to any third party, sub-contractor or licensee.

9\. Where we store your personal information

a. The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") in order to carry out the activities listed in “Use of Your Information”.

##  Changes to this Policy

a. If we change our Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy.

11\. If you don't feel we're adhering to this Policy, what should you do?

a. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy, please notify us by email at [priority@bioportfolio.com](mailto:priority@bioportfolio.com) and we will try to solve the problem promptly.

This Policy was last updated on February 22rd 2013
