> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eutimes.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180325005046id_/http%3A//www.eutimes.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | EUTimes.net

**Privacy Policy**  
EU Times, like most websites stores harmless cookies in your browser to remember actions such as when you vote in a poll, rate a story or a comment so that you can’t vote more than one time. Voting more than once would diminish the exactness of the poll which is intended to reflect views of all people. You are free to delete any cookies placed by EU Times in your browser. All user data stored on this website becomes private and it will not be passed to any third party companies.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp

We may also use Google’s DoubleClick DART cookies to store ads on our website:  
http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx  
Google’s DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit on our website and other websites which could use the same cookie. This cookie’s purpose is to serve ads based on your interests. For example if you search for shoes on a website that uses DoubleClick cookies, and a few minutes later you visit another website that uses the same cookies, it is highly likely to see ads about shoes. Please note that this cookie does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick DART cookie by visiting the Google’s Private Center:  
http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx

Deleting cookies doesn’t mean that you have opted out from any advertisements, unless your browser is set to refuse cookies, next time you visit a website that runs advertisements, a new cookie will be placed in your browser.

All browsers (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera) have cookie options and you are free to disable cookies if you want to, but it should be also pointed out that disabling cookies could make most websites not working or loading correctly and as intended.

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org. To opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

**Cookie Policy**  
Cookies are just some small text files which are needed by internet websites in order to function correctly. Since the first days of the internet, almost all websites have been using cookies to store information on people’s computers about their settings and preferences. Just as 99% of the entire internet uses cookies, we also use cookies to store information for voting polls, comment ratings, advertising relevancy and more. Cookies are stored in your web-browser and they are not harmful in any way. Due to a recent EU cookie and data protection law that starts with 30 September 2015, which advises all of the internet to notify visitors about cookies, we too notify our users about our cookies. By using our website you give your consent to our storage and use of cookies in your computer’s web-browser.

In order to enjoy a normal and full functionality of our website you must allow our cookies, however it is your choice and if you do want to disable cookies, all you need to do is to go to your browser’s settings and usually, under the privacy tab you should find an option to disable cookies. This applies to all major web-browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Internet Explorer and even to smartphone/tablet browsers. Alternatively, you may also want to empty your already stored cookie data which can be done also by going to settings/privacy or by pressing CTRL+Shift+Delete on your keyboard. Alternatively you may also use the above instructions to opt-out of any type of advertising.
