> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tlc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000516095915id_/http%3A//www.discovery.com/ex/track/wwwhome/about/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Discovery.com Essentials

**Privacy Policy:**

Discovery.com respects your privacy, and we want you to understand the ways in which we do and don't use the information that you transmit when you visit our website. This statement discloses the privacy practices for all DCOL websites except for Discovery Kids, which has its [own policy specially developed to protect kids](http://www.discoverykids.com/KIDS/privacy.html). 

**A Note to Kids:**   
If you've left the Discovery Kids Site and you're exploring the other places that Discovery Channel Online has to offer — good for you! Do a little digging and have some fun! But remember you should still get permission from your parents before sending any information about yourself (such as your names, email address, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. And a Note to Parents: We won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with any of our sites or to access those features that require registration. 

**Basics**   
The information gathered by DCOL falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our websites through optional registration and (2) tracking information routinely gathered as visitors navigate through our sites. 

To make use of certain features on our websites (such as My Discovery, free Discovery.com email and email reminders, Conversations, chatrooms and other interactive forums, Smart Viewer, and Shop Discovery) visitors need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. (We may ask, for example, for your name, email address, sex, age, and zip code, and we might request information on your interest in science, animals, nature, travel, sports, books, television programs, and the like.) The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our sites to your interests and make them more useful to you. 

The more you tell us about yourself, the more value we can offer you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But if you don't supply the information we need, we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other visitors to our sites. For example, we can't offer you personalized TV schedule listings and program reminders for Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, Animal Planet, or any of our other TV offerings if you don't tell us which programs and topics you're interested in. And we can't send you email alerting you to the next Mind Game, health news bulletins, any new service we're offering, or breaking news that may interest you if you don't tell us your preferences and give us your email address. Similarly, we can't notify you that you've been lucky enough to win a prize in a promotional contest if we don't know how to contact you. 

Of course, even if you want to remain completely anonymous, you're still free to take advantage of the wealth of content available on our sites without registration. 

**For Users of DiscoveryHealth.com.**  
We recognize that the confidentiality of medical and health-related information is of special concern to many visitors to DiscoveryHealth.com. Discovery is committed to safeguarding your medical privacy. We will not share with ANY third party personally identifiable information relating to medical conditions or health-related interests that you might disclose on DiscoveryHealth.com. 

**Cookies**   
To help make our sites more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, random number, a sort of anonymous user ID that resides on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access our site. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we won't know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie can't read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser, a process that we don't control. 

We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs, to deliver a better, more personalized service. It is a cookie, for example, that allows you to post messages in the Conversations area without having to login and give your password every time you come back, even if you've been away for awhile. And we use cookies to avoid showing you the same ad, repeatedly, during a single visit. In addition, we may use cookies to track the pages on our sites visited by our users. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. Of course, you can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our sites. 

**IP Addresses**  
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our sites. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our sites to the interests of our users, and to measure traffic within our sites. 

**Information Sharing and Sites Beyond DCOL**  
To make our sites more valuable to our visitors, we offer some features in conjunction with other providers. Our chat and free email services, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services. And, of course, our sites include links to plenty of other websites whose privacy policies we don't control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. 

When we present information to our advertisers — to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites — it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our sites. From time to time, we may share information on visitors to our sites with those marketing products and services that we believe might be of interest to you. Please indicate on our registration form if you'd prefer we not share such information with them. If you so indicate on our registration form, we won’t share information about you with anyone other than those identified when the information is collected. And, of course, you are always free to not input the information we request (though this may make it impossible for us to provide certain services we make available to other visitors to our sites). If you want to change your election (or to review, update, or delete the information you provided on registering), just return to the registration form, enter the changes you want to make, and re-submit the form. Sometimes, we might also contact you directly about our own or our advertisers' products and services. If you'd prefer that we not do so, just indicate on your registration form that you prefer not to receive offers and information. And remember, you can always change your preferences. 

**Encryption and Security**  
All information gathered on any DCOL website is encrypted for storage within a DCOL-controlled database. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a message you post to any chatroom, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your email address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly. 

**DiscoveryStore.com**

Discovery.com knows that the confidentiality of purchase-related information is of special concern to visitors who purchase items through DiscoveryStore.com. Discovery.com is committed to safeguarding this information. We will never share any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address or telephone number) that you provide us when you make a purchase through DiscoveryStore.com with any other company. However, to help provide you with the best possible shopping experience, we may provide our strategic partners, vendors and advertisers with aggregated information (information that doesn't identify anyone personally) about those who have purchased items through DiscoveryStore.com. We may also use the information you provide us when you make a purchase through DiscoveryStore.com to tell you about new products, services and special offers that we believe might be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to be contacted about such products, services or special offers, please let us know by checking the box marked "No Special Notices" located in the check-out section of the DiscoveryStore.com. 


A final note: The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes here. Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send an email to [[privacypolicy@discovery.com](mailto:privacypolicy@discovery.com)]. Thanks for making the Discovery Channel Online family of websites a part of your discoveries online! 
