> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wc-marketplace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611075747id_/https%3A//wc-marketplace.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Multi Vendor Marketplace Platform | Woocommerce Multi store

This privacy policy applies to the entire website of WC Marketplace ( **“Site”** ) and all its products and services offered through it.

WC Marketplace website provides a platform, through which we sell our products i.e. add-ons for WC Marketplace plugin, and help out a customer or a visitor with his/her queries and collect requests for customizations. At WC Marketplace, the privacy and security of our customers, and visitors are of paramount importance. WC Marketplace is committed to protecting the data that you share with us. This privacy policy explains how WC Marketplace processes information that can be used, to identify directly or indirectly an individual ( **“Personal Data”** ) collected through the use of its website.

For the purposes of this policy, WC Marketplace defines the term **“User”** as an entity who has already made a purchase from our site or registered for participating in a forum discussion and the term **“Visitor”** as an individual that visits our website.

Any information stored on WC Marketplace platform is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only. WC Marketplace implements and maintains appropriate technical, security, and organizational measures to protect personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.

> **Note:**  Generally we do not collect any personal data that could lead to the direct or indirect identification of a natural person from someone browsing our website unless he/she registers or makes a purchase to our site or subscribes to our newsletter.

## PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT:

When someone ( user or visitor ) visits our website, we automatically collect certain information about the device, including information about the web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on the device. Additionally, as they browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that they view, what websites or search terms referred them to our site, and information about how they interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as **“Device Information”**.

We collect Device Information using website cookies, Google Analytics, and Facebook pixel.

More information about these three are duly mentioned below:

## COOKIES:

WC Marketplace’s website is powered by WordPress. WordPress uses cookies, or tiny pieces of information stored on your computer, to verify who you are. There are cookies for logged in users and for commenters.

The actual cookies contain _hashed  _data, so you don’t have to worry about someone gleaning your username and password by reading the cookie data. A _hash_ is the result of a specific mathematical formula applied to some input data. It’s quite hard to reverse a hash ( bordering on practical infeasibility with today’s computers ). This means it is very difficult to take a hash and “unhash” it to find the original input data.

To know more about it, please go to <https://en.support.wordpress.com/cookies/>

## GOOGLE ANALYTICS:

WC Marketplace uses Google Analytics Solutions as our web analytics vendor which uses first-party cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website ( including your IP address ) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for wc-marketplace.com.

We will never ( and will not allow any third party ) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. Google Analytics does not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the web analytics vendor will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

Additionally WC Marketplace uses IP anonymization feature in Analytics, which masks the actual IP and according to Google, full IP address is never written to disk in this case. For more information, please visit: <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en>

## FACEBOOK PIXEL:

Facebook helps us to retarget website visitors. WC Marketplace has Facebook pixel installed, this tracks the movements of any visitors on the website who are simultaneously logged into Facebook. This will record which pages on WC Marketplace they visit, and when they visit. Using this data, we can advertise to very targeted groups of people through Facebook Ads.

To be clear, when advertising on Facebook, we can’t choose a specific website visitor and advertise to them. Instead, we can advertise to groups of users (custom audiences from WC Marketplace site) based on shared behavior. A few examples include:

  * People who have visited the website in the past 24 hours.
  * People who have visited the website in the past 180 days but have not been back in 30 days.
  * People who have visited a specific page on the website.
  * People who have visited a specific page on the website but not another specific page.



To know more about it, please go to <https://www.facebook.com/business/help/952192354843755>

## SUBSCRIPTION TO OUR NEWSLETTERS:

WC Marketplace informs its users when there is a critical update or security patch or launch of a new product or there is an offer from the house via newsletter. WC Marketplace adds your email to one or more subscription list ( customer, blog subscriber, beta user ) only if you provide us your consent. We manage our newsletter through [MailChimp](https://mailchimp.com/).

It is also possible to unsubscribe from the subscription lists at any time directly from the newsletter by clicking on “Unsubscribe”, or by sending an email to the support team at [contact@wc-marketplace.com](mailto:contact@wc-marketplace.com).

## OTHER USAGE OF THE COLLECTED DATA:

We send multiple emails to the customers after they complete purchasing our add-ons, with their purchase details, invoice, getting started material like step by step guidance and helpful knowledgebase links, and inquire about his/her experience using our product.

Apart from that, we, also send abandoned cart emails to the visitor, who has added the product to the cart and provided his/her email address on checkout page but did not make the purchase; 15 Minutes after abandonment, 1 Day after abandonment and 2 Days after abandonment respectively.

We delete the user cart-data after three days if they do not complete their purchase within that time whereas the email addresses collected at checkout are not deleted with the cart-data, we keep this data for as long as 2 months and can send promotional offers during that span.

All the emails are sent directly from our server and not from any third party server.

## MINOR’S PRIVACY:

We do not collect age-related information from our users. Thus it’s not possible for us to know if the user is a minor unless the information is provided upfront. We consider someone minor if they are under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction.

If you are a minor, we request you to seek parental consent before you use our SERVICE. You will have to submit your information to us with parental consent only. Your parents ( or guardian ) can revoke any consent previously given; and request for access, correction, block or deletion of the information at all times.

## SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION:

WC Marketplace including all of our team members will never ask you to provide sensitive information such as information about your medical or health records, political or religious beliefs, criminal offenses ( alleged, or committed ), criminal conviction background, sexual orientation, sexual history, behavior or genetic information. Please refrain from providing us with such information.

## CHANGES TO WC MARKETPLACE PRIVACY POLICY:

We may change the Privacy Policy from time to time, we highly recommend that you periodically review the Privacy Policy posted on our website. By accessing or using our SERVICE after the Privacy Policy has been updated, WC Marketplace will deem that you consent to the Privacy Policy, including any updates. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will always be available on this page; a prominent notice such as email notification will be delivered to you about any significant changes. You can always check the “updated date” at the bottom for the most current version of Privacy Policy.

## GDPR AND WC MARKETPLACE:

General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) of Europe is the latest privacy regulation and policy that will be implemented in May 2018 all over the world.

WC Marketplace is taking the GDPR principles in the highest priority and thus incorporating changes to become GDPR compliant.

[WC Marketplace and General Data Protection Regulation](https://wc-marketplace.com/gdpr/)

## CONTACT US:

If you have a Privacy Policy related inquiries, questions, comments or complaint, or if you believe that WC Marketplace did not comply with the Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at [contact@wc-marketplace.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611075747id_/https://wc-marketplace.com/privacy-policy/contact@wc-marketplace.com). We will definitely seek to resolve your grievance through our internal complaint resolution process.

_WC Marketplace_  
_Email: contact@wc-marketplace.com_  
_Last updated May 23, 2018_
