> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the customerlobby.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181231061757id_/https%3A//www.customerlobby.com/index/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Customer Lobby (510) 230-0588

[ ](https://web.archive.org/index)

* * *

The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. As such, Customer Lobby, LLC (“Customer Lobby”) presents this statement to give our users a clear understanding of how we operate our Web site (“Site”), the business services offered to support the Site (“Services”) and how we handle your personal information. Information governing the terms of use of the Site and its content can be found in the customer terms of use and user terms of use available on the Customer Lobby Web site located at www.customerlobby.com (collectively, the “Terms of Use”; the user terms of use can be found at the following link: www.customerlobby.com/index/terms-of-use , and the customer terms of use can be found at the following link: www.customerlobby.com/index/member-terms-of-use ). If you have any questions or concerns relating to privacy or security, please send an email to privacy@customerlobby.com. 

When you visit and navigate our Site, we will not collect Personal Information about you unless you provide us that information voluntarily. By Personal Information, we mean data that is unique to an individual, such as a first and last name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or credit card related information. All activities in which you may engage on this website are voluntary. You are not required to provide any Personal Information to us unless you choose to access features on this site that require such information. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy or the Terms of Use on this website, then you should immediately exit this website and discontinue using the Site. The Terms of Use are expressly incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this policy. By using the Site, you signify that you agree to the terms of this privacy policy as well as to our Terms of Use.

Like many web sites, we automatically gather certain non-personal information about our Site and Services traffic. This information may include: Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and version, referring/exit pages, operating system and platform, date and time, and pages viewed or searched for. We use this information to analyze trends, and to administer our Site.

When you register for any service or feature on our Site, we require the following Personal Information: e-mail address and first and last name. We may also ask you to select a personal user name and password. In addition, we may request that you provide additional information, such as your company name, telephone number, street address, city, state, zip code and country. If you register for any service under which Customer Lobby will process payments made by you, then we may require certain financial information (such as the name on the credit card, credit card number or other related payment information).

When you submit a review form, submit an anonymous suggestion or use our Site to communicate with another person, the information you submit (“Content”) is considered non-confidential by Customer Lobby and shall not be treated as Personal Information or your proprietary information. Such Content may be aggregated by and made available to all users of Customer Lobby. Users should refrain from including any Personal Information in their Content. In no event will Customer Lobby be liable for disclosure of Personal Information that is included in Content.

Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Customer Lobby will not disclose to third parties any Personal Information you submit through our Site.

To maintain the quality and authenticity of the reviews appearing on our Site, Customer Lobby may share your name and email address with the authorized users of a business about which you submit a review.

We provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties (collectively, “service partners”). Our service partners may use your personal information to operate the Site and to deliver their services related to the Site. For example, your data may be transferred to website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in designing and operating the Site, executing services, or helping us analyze collected data. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying out the work as agreed with us and will be required to keep the information confidential

We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe release is appropriate to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; in connection with an actual or proposed corporate transaction or insolvency proceeding involving all or part of the business or asset to which the information pertains or of Customer Lobby; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Customer Lobby, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personal Information from users for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personal Information to a third party, we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or a court order.

Please note that we may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, etc.) with third-parties so that they can understand usage patterns on our Site and assist us both in enhancing our service and improving your experience.

Based upon the information you provide us, we may send you a welcoming email to verify your email address and may contact you via mail or telephone. We will communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We may also use your email address to respond to questions from you, provide information about the Site, invite you to participate in new services and research programs, and/or inform you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy. We will also send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, to notify you of Site maintenance, we might send you an email. If your contact information is outdated or inaccurate, we may not be able to send you emails or notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy.

When you submit a review form, (i) we may contact you on behalf of a review reader that has a question or comment regarding your review that they have submitted using our Ask the Reviewer™ feature; (ii) we will share your contact information with the company you reviewed and they may contact you directly; and (iii) we may contact you on behalf of the company you reviewed with promotional offers and other communication.

Customer Lobby utilizes generally-accepted security measures (such as encryption) to protect against the misuse or unauthorized disclosure of any personal information you submit to us. However, like other Internet sites, we cannot guarantee that it is completely secure from people who might attempt to evade security measures or intercept transmissions over the Internet.

We provide you with the ability to access and correct or update any Personal Information or other information you have provided us. Simply click on the "Login" link located at the top of each Customer Lobby web page. If you no longer wish to receive communications from Customer Lobby, you may click on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email sent to you by Customer Lobby.

By visiting the Customer Lobby Site or using the Customer Lobby's services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revision thereof, please discontinue use of the Customer Lobby Site and/or Services immediately.

Cookies are pieces of data stored on your computer's hard drive by a website. Cookies are an industry standard and used by most major web sites to improve their services.

Customer Lobby uses cookies for user convenience. The cookie will tell our system certain information so you don't have to fill in the same information each time you visit us. However, Customer Lobby does not store this information. Our site can only read the cookies placed on your computer by us. We cannot access any information on your hard drive placed there by you or any other source.

We use session cookies. A session cookie expires and is deleted from your computer when you close your browser. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and to receive the greatest benefit from our Site and Services.

An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you access the Internet. This number may be the same each time you access the Internet or it may change. Like other Internet sites, Customer Lobby uses IP addresses to collect aggregate information about numbers of visitors and site usage. The address is logged on our server when your computer requests information from Customer Lobby. Customer Lobby reserves the right, in rare instances, to use IP addresses to identify individuals who violate our Terms of Use, threaten our site, service or users.

We ask that only individuals who are over the age of 18 register on our site. If we learn that we inadvertently have collected identifying Personal Information from an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information from our system. Customer Lobby is committed to protecting the privacy of children and has no intention of collecting personal data from children under the age of 18. We encourage parents and guardians of children under 18 to regularly check and monitor their children's use of e-mail and other activities online.

This privacy statement applies only as long as you remain on the Customer Lobby Site. Once you leave Customer Lobby to visit another site, we have no control over your privacy or security issues even if you reached the other site by clicking on a link within Customer Lobby.

This Privacy Policy does not protect feedback, business information, ideas, concepts, or inventions that you submit to Customer Lobby by email or through the Site or Services. If you want to keep business information, ideas, concepts, or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them to Customer Lobby. Customer Lobby may use any feedback, information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you provide to Customer Lobby for any purpose without limitation and without the need to compensate you.

This Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Customer Lobby's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. This online Privacy Policy only applies to information collected through this Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information we may collect from you in any place other than this website.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date above, and will remain in effect except to the extent Customer Lobby posts a modification of the Privacy Policy in the future. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If you provide us with your email address and keep it updated, we will notify you by email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy that will significantly change the way we use or disclose your Personal Information. We may also make non-material changes to our Privacy Policy that generally will not affect our use of your Personal Information. Our current Privacy Policy, identified by its effective date, will be posted on the Site, and you should check it frequently for any changes. Your continued use of the Site after we post any modifications, whether or not material or significant, will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified policy. We will also revise the "last updated" date found at the beginning of this Privacy Policy when we post changes to it.
