> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the customwritinghelp.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130731003117id_/http%3A//customwritinghelp.co.uk/cwh/privacy-statement.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Assures Privacy Concerns of Students

This document is a legal statement, containing privacy policy, practiced by Custom Writing Help UK in dealing with the delivery of service. Custom Writing Help UK respects the privacy concern of customers and therefore committed to provide immense privacy security while using the website. This document, hereby, addresses the issues related to collection of personal information of customers and visitors when they visit the website or use the services offered by Custom Writing Help UK.

  


## Collection of Information while Browsing Website

Web server of Custom Writing Help UK gathers standard information about clienteles or visitors including IP address, browser type, operating system, and time of access. Cookies are used at times for customizing contents of web pages based on the browser used by clientele or visitor, and IP address. The data generated by the cookies is used to evaluate the use of website by visitors and clienteles. It should be noted that at Custom Writing Help UK, the information of users collected is used to improve the content of web pages of this platform so as to customize the content and layout of the website. Custom Writing Help UK does not sell, share, or rent any collected information with any third party.

  


## Information Collected during Use of Services

Visitors and clienteles may be asked to provide their personal information to make transactions for our services, control the process of order fulfillment, and receive the complete piece of paper. Email address is used to send notifications regarding the most essential stage of order fulfillment, which may include clarification of issues, unread messages, and order completion. In case of contacting us by email to request information, report an issue, and provide feedback on our services, we use the provided information including names and email address.

  


## Online Transactions Statement

At Custom Writing Help UK, payments transaction process follows a reliable strategy with simple steps. The safest and convenient ways are offered to make payments at this platform without facing any risks such as disclosure of information to third parties. For this purpose, all activities are handled by secure server on which all transactions are eradicated after completion of transaction.

  


## Links Disclaimer

In order to provide clienteles and visitors with specific information, Custom Writing Help UK provides links to local or federal government agencies. A link does not contain endorsement of accuracy, content, opinions, policies, services of that web site. After linking to another website from this website, you are subjected to the terms and conditions of that website along with privacy policy.

  


## Changes in Future Development

The privacy statement at Custom Writing Help UK is maintained regularly. Updates are made on this page so as to serve clienteles and visitors with modified services. Custom Writing Help UK does not notify customers and users about the change in the policy, therefore, customers and users should visit and go through the privacy statement available on the official website of Custom Writing Help UK. Moreover, Custom Writing Help UK is not liable for any loss or injury made due to change in the privacy statement.

  
  

