> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trackets.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228135259id_/https%3A//trackets.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Trackets - Privacy Policy

Loading...

Your privacy is critically important to us. At Trackets.com we have a few fundamental principles:

  * We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
  * We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
  * We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
  * In our products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.



Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:

Like most website operators, Trackets.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Trackets.com’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Trackets.com’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Trackets.com may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Certain visitors to Trackets.com’s websites choose to interact with Trackets.com in ways that require trackets.com to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Trackets.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at Trackets.com to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Trackets.com – by purchasing access to the premium features – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Trackets.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Trackets.com. trackets.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

Trackets.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Trackets.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Trackets.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

Trackets.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Trackets.com’s behalf or to provide services available at Trackets.com’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Trackets.com’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Trackets.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Trackets.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Trackets.com believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Trackets.com, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Trackets.com website and have supplied your email address, Trackets.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Trackets.com and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Trackets.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Trackets.com uses cookies to help Trackets.com identify and track visitors, their usage of trackets.com website, and their website access preferences. Trackets.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Trackets.com’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Trackets.com’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

If Trackets.com, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Trackets.com goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Trackets.com may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Trackets.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Trackets.com’s sole discretion. Trackets.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Trackets.com account, you should also check your account’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

These Privacy Policy are an adapted version of [automattic.com/privacy](http://automattic.com/privacy/) which is generously available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
