> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trademob.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121094625id_/http%3A//www.trademob.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Trademob

The protection of your personal data is of utmost importance to Trademob GmbH. With this Privacy Policy, we inform you about the collection, processing and use of personally identifiable data on the website www.trademob.com (the “Website”) and other data relating to your use of the Website and to your use of certain mobile apps and mobile websites provided by third parties for which Trademob renders mobile advertising services.

**I. Collection, Processing and Use of Data on Website**

**Personally identifiable data and its use**

Personally identifiable data includes information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as e.g. your name and your email-address. We only collect, process and use personal data to the extent necessary and only for the purposes addressed herein, provided that we have obtained your express consent for such use or if such use is permitted by law.

Your personally identifiable data will not be used for advertising purposes, unless you have given us your express consent. Moreover, the transfer of personal data to public institutions and public authorities that are entitled to receive such information will only be carried out to the extent required by law or if we are obliged to do so by virtue of a court order or court ruling.

**Newsletter**

Our newsletter provides information about our company and our services. If you would like to receive our newsletter, we need to obtain a valid email address and information that allows us to ensure that you are the owner of the email address provided to us or that the owner has agreed to receive our newsletter. No additional data will be collected and such data will only be used in order to send the newsletter but will not be transferred to any third party. When you sign-up for the newsletter, we store your IP address and the date of your registration. Such data is only stored in order to serve as evidence if a third party abuses your email address and registers for the newsletter without your knowledge. You may, at any time, revoke your consent for the storage of your data, email address and its use to send you newsletters. You can revoke your consent via a link in our newsletter or by notifying us accordingly. Our contact information is available below. In this event, we will delete your personally identifiable data that you have provided to us for the newsletter.

**Data logging**

If you visit our Website and access data, your internet browser automatically transfers log information to our server. Such log information includes the URL of the referring website, date and time of request, name of the retrieved website, the quantity of data transmitted, the type of your browser and its version, etc. Such information is not personal data and cannot be attributed to any specific individual.

This log information is solely used for statistical purposes and is neither transferred to any third party nor combined with any other data.

**Cookies**

Cookies are small files that are sent from the server to the user’s browser and then stored for later access. In your browser settings you can choose to be informed before a cookie is about to be placed and make such placement dependent on your prior express acceptance.

We only use cookies in order to obtain information on the use of our Website so that our server can automatically make our services more interesting for you. No personal data is stored in your cookies and its data will not be combined with any personal data that you might have submitted.

**Google Analytics**

In order to optimize this Website, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States of America (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how you use this Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Prior to the transmission to the United States, such information will be anonymized by deleting the last eight bit of your IP address. .. On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for us and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. The (anonymized) IP address that was transmitted by your browser will not be combined by Google with any other data of Google. You may object to the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. You may also prevent the collection of the data that was generated by the cookie and that is related to the use of the Website (including your IP address) as well as its processing by Google by downloading and installing a browser plugin that is available under the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>.

Additional information thereto is available at <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de> and <https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html> (general information to Google Analytics and privacy). 

**WebProspector Technology**

This Website uses the WebProspector technology provided by WebProspector GmbH ([www.webprospector.de](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121094625id_/http://www.trademob.com/privacy-policy/www.webprospector.de)) and which collects and stores data for marketing purposes and to recognize potential company prospects. On the basis of such data, the WebProspector technology identifies addresses, but only if it can be ascertained that the user is a company and not a single individual. The WebProspector technology may also have access to additional information such as dynamic data with regard to your visit, and in some cases places cookies. Cookies are small text files that are locally stored in the user’s internet browser and enable to recognize the internet browser. The user may, at any time, object to the future collection and storage of data by WebProspector on the following website: [www.webprospector.de/widerspruch](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121094625id_/http://www.trademob.com/privacy-policy/www.webprospector.de/widerspruch).

**Facebook Social Plugins**

This Website uses social plugins (“plugins”) from the social network facebook.com which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identified by one of the Facebook logos or the amendment “Facebook social plugin”. The list and the look of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here: <https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>.

If you access a page on our Website that includes such a social plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to the Facebook servers. Facebook transfers the social plugin’s content directly to your browser which will then integrate it into the Website. Therefore, we have no influence on the extent of the data that Facebook collects via its social plugins, and thus, can only inform you based on our current understanding:

Through integration of the plugin, Facebook obtains the information that you have accessed the respective page on our Website, even if you are not a registered user of Facebook or are not logged into Facebook. This information as well as your browser’s IP address are transferred to Facebook’s server in the United States and is stored there. According to Facebook, only anonymized IP addresses are stored from non-registered users in Germany.

If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can allocate the visit to our Website to your Facebook account. Facebook receives such information irrespective of whether you interact with the social plugins or not. If you do interact with the social plugins, e.g. by using the “Like-it-Button” or by posting a commentary, your browser will transfer such information directly to Facebook where it is being stored. Such information will also be published on Facebook and be displayed to your Facebook friends.

For information on the purpose and extent of data collection, the further processing and use of such data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and your setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to Facebook’s privacy policy: <http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy>

If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to collect data on you via our Website and to combine such data with your Facebook membership data, you need to log off from Facebook before accessing our Website.

Furthermore, you may also block social plugins by downloading and installing add-ons for your browser, such as the Facebook blocker: <http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/>

**Google +1 Plugins**

This Website uses the „+1“ plugin which is provided by Google and can be identified by the “+ 1″ characters displayed against a white or colored background.

If you access a page on our Website that includes this plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to Google’s servers. Google transfers the plugin’s content directly to your browser which will then integrate it into the Website. Therefore we have no influence on the extent or content of the data that Google collects via its plugin. According to Google, no personal data is being collected unless you click on the plugin. Only if you are a member of Google+ and are logged in to the network, such data is collected and processed.

For information on the purpose and extent of data collection, the further processing and use of such data by Google, as well as your rights in this regard and your setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to Google’s privacy policy regarding the “+1”-plugin <http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html> as well as its FAQ: <http://www.google.com/intl/de/+1/button/>

**Twitter Plugins**

This Website uses social plugins that are provided by Twitter Inc.,1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, and can be identified by the Twitter logo or e.g. the words “Tweet” or “Twittern”.

The plugins enable the user, inter alia, to share an article or a page of this Website on Twitter. If you access a website that includes this plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to Twitter’s servers. Twitter transfers the plugin’s content directly to your browser which will then integrate it into the website. Therefore we have no influence on the extent or content of the data that Twitter collects via its plugin, and thus, can only inform you based on our current understanding:

According to our knowledge, log information such as the user’s IP address, the URL of the referring website, etc., is transmitted to Twitter. Additional information is available in Twitter’s privacy policy: <http://twitter.com/privacy>

**LinkedIn Plugins**

This Website uses plugins which are provided by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“LinkedIn”) which can be identified by the LinkedIn logo of the “Share”-Button.

If you access a page on our Website that includes this plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to LinkedIn’s servers. Thereby LinkedIn receives the information that you and your IP address have accessed this Website. If you click on the LinkedIn „Share“-Button while you are logged into you LinkedIn account, you can link the content of this Website on your LinkedIn-Profile which enables LinkedIn to allocate the visit to our Website to your LinkedIn account. We as the Website operator do not know the content of the data transferred to LinkedIn or how LinkedIn uses such data. For information on the purpose and extent of data collection, the further processing and use of such data by LinkedIn, as well as your rights in this regard and your setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to LinkedIn’s privacy policy: <http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy>

**Disqus Comment System**

The Disqus Comment System is provided by Disqus Inc., San Francisco, USA (“Disqus”). Disqus is an interactive comment system which permits the user to make comments on all websites that also use Disqus with only one registration. Furthermore, the user can also log into the comment system via already existing user accounts with Facebook (via Facebook Connect), Twitter, Yahoo and OpenID. It is also possible to use the comment system as a “guest” without having to register. Additional information on Disqus and its functions can be found at [www.disqus.com](http://www.disqus.com/).

Disqus Inc. is the responsible entity which may collect, process and/or use personal data which may be given when commenting, even if you use the commenting function as a “guest” without a Disqus account. As such, the data protection provisions and/or terms of use available on the Disqus Inc. website at <http://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy>  and at <http://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466260-terms-of-service> apply.

When logging in via existing user accounts with Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo or OpenID, data can also be collected, processed or used by the respective supplier. Information can be found in the data protection provisions of the respective suppliers. In the course of comment administration, Disqus reveals to us the text of the comment as well as the user’s chosen user name, which will be published on our Website together with the comment itself. Our administrators and moderators who are in charge of the comments to the articles have access to such data. Although as a general rule, comments are not read before being published online, their content may at random be reviewed in order to prevent abuse of the commenting function. If we are informed of tangible, evident violation of right, we are obliged to review the respective comment. In order to avoid liability for the comments’ content, it may also be necessary to delete comments or to edit them while making such edit recognizable.

Moreover, Disqus reveals to us the email addresses used with Disqus or the respective supplier (Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo or OpenID) and the IP address via which the comment was posted. We use the email address in order to be able to contact you if there are queries with regard to the comment or if we are held liable for a comment and need to clarify the actual facts. We will not use the email address for any other purpose and will neither publish nor transfer it to third parties. The IP addresses are only used in order to prevent the abuse of the comment function, e.g. if a user misuses the commentary function by posting illegal content.

**Information or Revocation, Correction, Deletion and Blocking**

You are entitled to obtain information about your personally identifiable data that we have stored at any time and without reason. You are also entitled to request the correction of inaccurate data and the deletion or blocking of your personally identifiable data provided insofar as there is no legal obligation to retain such data. You can address the revocation and any request for information via mail to the following address

Trademob GmbH, Friedrichstraße 126, 10117 Berlin

or by sending an email to [info@trademob.com](mailto:info@trademob.com) at any time.

We will delete any personally identifiable data if such data is no longer required for the purposes for which we have collected such data from you, except if we are requested by applicable law to store such data for a longer time period; in this event we will delete the data upon expiration of the required time period.

**II. Collection, Processing and Use of Data on Mobile Platforms**

We provide mobile advertising services to third parties that market, offer and/or operate mobile apps and mobile websites that you may download, access and/or use on you mobile devices (the **“Mobile Platforms”** ). In connection with such services we may collect, process and use certain anonymous data, _non_ -personally identifiable data, from you as described below.

**Collection of non-personally identifiable data**

Depending on the used operating system (e.g. iOS or Android) of your mobile device, the Mobile Platform (mobile app or mobile website) and the agreed advertising services, we may collect some of the following anonymous data relating to your use of such Mobile Platforms:

  * Anonymized (hashed) IP-address
  * Anonymous identifiers like the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), the Advertising ID for Android (that will fully replace Android-Device-IDs from August 1, 2014) and other anonymous identifiers of third party service providers (like Facebook) that are placed on your mobile device by using cookies
  * Information contained in your browser head
  * Installation and first opening of an app on your mobile device
  * user actions within an app or on a mobile website (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
  * information which apps you have downloaded or which mobile websites you have visited
  * information which advertisements you have seen or clicked on



We do not collect any personally identifiable data for advertising from you and do not combine the foregoing anonymous data with any of your personally identifiable data without your prior consent.

We may also receive such anonymous data from our clients and the third party service providers we work with to deliver and track the advertising and to measure and analyze the performance of the advertising campaigns.

**Processing and use non-personally identifiable data**

We use the above described anonymous data for providing our advertising services to our clients, i.e. we use such data to target specific user groups, to deliver and to track advertising and to measure and analyze the performance of advertising campaigns. On the basis of the anonymous data we retrieve with regard to your use of Mobile Platforms, we delivered to you advertisements that are likely to be more interesting for you (interest-based advertising). With regard to the performance of advertising campaigns, we attribute a click or an impression on an advertisement to a user action that is relevant for our client, e.g. download of an app or an in-app purchase (conversion tracking).

We use the anonymous data to analyze the performance of advertising campaigns of our clients, to provide our clients with performance reports and to assist them in optimizing metrics, targeting and creatives for their advertising campaigns. For the foregoing purposes, however, subject to the next paragraph, we may provide our clients also with non-aggregate anonymous data, like anonymous identifiers, that we have tracked in the course of the advertising campaign conducted for the respective client. Subject to the next paragraph, we also use anonymous data to train, optimize and adjust our advertising tools and services.

If we receive anonymous data regarding your use of Mobile Platforms (including any advertising you have seen or clicked on) from a third party provider we work with in rendering our advertising services, we comply with the restrictions and requirements on the processing and use of such anonymous data as agreed with the third party provider (e.g. we do not provide our clients with the Facebook identifier for advertising on Facebook and do not use the anonymous data provided by Facebook for purposes not relating to the Facebook advertising campaigns for which such data has been provided).

Neither we nor our clients combine the anonymous data collected by us with other data in a way that may be capable to personally identify you or with personally identifiable data of you without your prior consent.

**User Opt-out**

If you do not want us to use the anonymous data described above for creating an anonymous user profile and delivering interest-based advertising to you, you can opt-out from such use of your data. Please visit the following link and follow the instructions: [click here](http://www.trademob.com/opt-out-for-interest-targeting-2/)

If you do not want us to process and use at all any anonymous data regarding your use of Mobile Platforms, you can opt-out from such use of your anonymous data. Please visit the following link and follow the instructions: [click here](http://www.trademob.com/opt-tracking-2/)

Please note that due to technical reasons it may take up to 24 hours to implement and comply with your opt-out in our systems.

**Storage and deletion of non-personally identifiable data**

In general, any anonymous data we have collected and stored is deleted from our systems if we do not need such data any longer for advertising purposes. If we receive anonymous data regarding your use of Mobile Platforms (including any advertising you have seen or clicked on), from a third party provider we work with in rendering our advertising services, we comply with the storage and deletion deadlines agreed with such third party provider.

Version: February 25, 2014
