> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tradove.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150321203256id_/https%3A//www.tradove.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TraDove

Privacy Policy Highlights  This page summarizes the key highlights from our Privacy Policy. 

1\. Personal information collected  We collect information:  •  When you register an account to become a TraDove user (“User”), such as your name, e-mail, employer, country, and a password.   
•  When you view and interact with TraDove pages, features, and functionality, including TraDove mobile applications, software (like adding to your profile, participating in Groups, uploading contacts, etc.), and platform technology (like “Share on TraDove” buttons or third party applications). We also collect your IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile carrier, and your ISP, and receive the URLs of sites from which you arrive or leave the TraDove website, or sites that have embedded TraDove platform technology.   
•  Through cookies and other technologies that allow us to recognize you, customize your experience, and serve advertisements both on and off TraDove. Learn more about cookies, beacons in Sections 1G and 1H, below.   
•  When you interact with third party services available through TraDove like surveys, polls or other third party research undertaken with your consent.   
2\. Uses of personal information We use the information you provide to:  •  Enable you to share your information and communicate with other Users, or provide your personal details to third parties offering combined services with TraDove;   
•  Administer your account with us and customize the service we provide to you and other Users; and to.  
•  Send you service or promotional communications through email and notices on the TraDove website.   
•  Connect you to business opportunities by enabling other business people to find you on TraDove.   
•  Create and distribute advertising relevant to your or your network’s TraDove experience. If you share your interactions on TraDove, for example, when you recommend a product, follow a company, establish or update your profile, join a Group, etc., TraDove may use these actions to create targeted ads for your network on TraDove using your profile photo and name. You can control whether TraDove uses your name and picture in targeted ads.  
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent except where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (to process your payment information, for example) or as described in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. Also, we may share information with affiliates to provide the Services. We also provide you with the means to control whether or not your contact information is viewable to other Users through your profile. 

Please note that in order to fulfill your requests for paid services (e.g., TraDove Premium Services), we share your payment information with our payment processor. 

3\. Your Information Choices You can:  •  Review, enhance or edit your personal information;  
•  Control what information you make available to search engines;  
•  Choose whether you install or remove any third party applications;  
•  Control whether your profile information is shared with third parties through Developer Applications installed by your connections;  
•  Control the messages you receive from TraDove and other Users;  
•  Change your settings to control visibility and accessibility through our website;  
•  Control whether TraDove personalizes its business plugins across the web using your TraDove account;  
•  Tell us to close your TraDove account.  
4\. Your obligations to other Users. •  Do not abuse the TraDove service by using it to spam, abuse, harass, or otherwise violate the User Agreement or Privacy Policy. 

5\. Security •  Personal information you provide will be secured in accordance with industry standards and technology. Since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to TraDove. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, copied, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. 

•  You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications at all times. 

6\. How to contact us If you have questions or comments please contact us at: TraDove Inc.   
Attn: Privacy Policy Issues   
1000 Elwell Court, #220  
Palo Alto, CA 94303   
USA 

TraDove Privacy Policy Introduction: The mission of TraDove is to provide dedicated web services to business people. We work to fulfill this mission by helping you, your business connections to connect, share ideas and knowledge, create business opportunities, and make decisions in a network of trusted business relational network. 

Being part of TraDove means sharing information about yourself with other business people, communicating with them, as well as working privately on your own. By default, your account is set up to share the information that we have found the vast majority of our Users are interested in sharing. But the amount and type of information you decide to share, and with whom you share it, is up to you. 

Here are the three main types of information on TraDove:  Information about yourself that you share. This is the information that your connections, other business people, and companies see about you. This includes your profile and your contributions to discussions on TraDove Groups, Discussion, or other community features TraDove may offer such as “Stats” which, if you choose to opt-in, can show you who viewed your profile (and will show others when you visited their profiles). You have control over what you share, and you can update information at any time. 

Communication. We help you communicate with connections and other business people. Some of this is one-to-one, some of it is in groups, and some of it is public discussion. You decide how much or how little you wish to communicate to individuals or groups.

Private activity. We also provide tools that you can use privately on TraDove (for example, searching, or adding notes to your connections information.) These actions and information are private and we don't share or distribute them to others on the website.

Of course, maintaining your trust is our top concern, so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:  •  We do not rent, sell, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except as described in this policy or as required by law.   
•  We do not share any information you have not chosen to display on your TraDove profile to other parties, unless compelled by law, or as necessary to enforce our User Agreement or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TraDove, its Users, and the public.   
•  All information that you provide will be protected with industry standard protocols and technology.   
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by means of a notice on our home page so that you may access and review the changes to this document in advance of your continued use of the service. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. By continuing to use the TraDove service after notice of changes has been sent to you or published on the TraDove website, you are consenting to the changes.

Please read this policy and send us questions, concerns and suggestions.   
What TraDove’s Privacy Policy Covers: 1\. Information collected by TraDove.   
2\. How TraDove uses your information.   
3\. Your information choices.   
4\. Your obligations as a User.   
5\. Important information regarding service eligibility and US Department of Commerce Safe Harbor certification.   
6\. Security.   
7\. How to contact us.   
1\. Information Collected The mission of TraDove is to provide dedicated web services to business people. To achieve this mission, TraDove makes features and functionality available through our website, including our mobile and other applications, developer platform, paid services, and other information provided as part of the TraDove services (“Services”) to enable business people to discover, develop and maintain business relationships, create business opportunities, share idea and knowledge. By joining TraDove, you voluntarily and willingly provide TraDove Inc. in Palo Alto California, USA, certain information, including personally identifiable information, which we collect in order to provide the Services. If you have any hesitation about providing information to us and/or having your information displayed on the TraDove website or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you should not become a member of the TraDove business community; and, if you are already a member, you should close your account. 

We collect your personal information in the following ways:   
A. Registration In order to become a User, you must provide us the following information to create an account: name, company email address, company web link, and password. Without this minimal amount of information, you cannot create a TraDove account. Like other passwords, you should choose one that is known only by you. TraDove requests other information from you during the registration process, (e.g., gender, location, etc.) that TraDove uses to provide better, more customized services such as language-specific profile pages and updates, better ads, and more valuable business opportunities. You acknowledge that this information is personal to you, and by creating an account on TraDove, you allow others, including TraDove, to identify you and to allow TraDove to use your information in accordance with our User Agreement. 

B. Profile Information Once you become a User, you may provide additional information to your TraDove Profile describing your job function, job preferences, educational background, references from other TraDove Users, and networking objectives (among other options). Providing additional information about yourself beyond what is minimally required at registration is entirely up to you, but providing additional information enables you to derive more benefit from TraDove and your business network. Any information you provide at registration or in the Profile section may be used by TraDove as described in the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy, including for the purpose of allowing business opportunities to find you on TraDove, or for serving more relevant advertisements on TraDove. Learn more about TraDove’s advertising practices by reading this privacy policy, in particular Sections 1.H, 2.J, and 2.K. If you decide not to share certain information, you may not receive the full benefit of being a TraDove User.

C. Contacts Information In order to connect with others on TraDove, you may use the Services to send invitations either to their TraDove profiles or email addresses of people you know if they have not registered with TraDove. The names and email addresses of people whom you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow TraDove to help expand your network. Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another User, that User will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation. Your TraDove connections will also have access to your email address.   
You may also choose to manually enter or upload data about your contacts to the “Contacts” section of your account on TraDove. Information entered into connections is only viewable by you. By providing email addresses or other information of non-Users to TraDove, you represent that you have authority to do so. All information that you enter or upload about your contacts is covered by the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy and will enable us to provide customized services such as suggesting people to connect with on TraDove. 

D. Customer Service We collect information when you interact with TraDove’s customer service in order to accurately categorize and respond to customer inquiries and investigate breaches of our terms.

E. Using the TraDove Site and Applications  We receive information when you interact with and use the TraDove website, TraDove Applications (e.g. TraDove for iPhone, Android, etc.), and TraDove platform technology (such as “Share on TraDove” plugins for publishers). For example, we know when you click on ads, upload your address book, join groups, participate in polls, install a TraDove mobile application, share articles on TraDove, etc. 

F. Using Third Party Services and Visiting Third Party Sites  We receive information when you use your TraDove account to log in or authenticate to a third-party website or application. Also, if you are logged into TraDove and visit a third party site that embeds TraDove business plugins, like “Share on TraDove” for web publishers, TraDove will receive information that those pages have loaded in your web browser. TraDove will use this information to personalize the TraDove-provided functionality, including providing you insights from your TraDove network, allowing you to share information with your network, enabling you to use TraDove functionality off the TraDove site and serving you more relevant advertising. TraDove’s retention of this data is addressed in Section 1.K. 

G. Cookies Like most websites, we use cookies and web log files to track site usage and trends, to improve the quality of our service, to customize your experience on TraDove, as well as to deliver TraDove and third-party advertising to Users both on and off the TraDove site. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us to recognize you as a User when you return to the TraDove website using the same computer and web browser. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases doing so may impact your ability to use TraDove. One type of cookie, known as a “persistent” cookie, is set once you’ve logged in to your TraDove account. The next time you visit the TraDove website, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the Services. In order to access or change any of your private information (like a credit card number) or to send a message to another User, however, you must log in securely again with your password even if your computer contains your persistent cookie. Another type of cookie, called a “session” cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the TraDove website. Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser. Other technology like Macromedia’s flash can be used to place the functional equivalent of a cookie on your computer. You can control flash “local stored objects” or “flash cookies” using the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com. TraDove may use cookie-equivalent technology for the limited purpose of enhancing the security of TraDove's services. We do not use flash cookies for advertising purposes. 

In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing the Services to our Users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Any information provided to third parties through cookies will not be personally identifiable but may provide general segment information (e.g., your industry or geography, career field, or information about your professional or educational background) for the enhancement of your user experience by providing more relevant advertising. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. TraDove does not store unencrypted personally identifiable information in the cookies. 

H. Advertising and Web Beacons To support the Services we provide, as well as provide a more relevant and useful experience for our Users, we target and serve ads on and off the site using ad networks. Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad exchanges, ad technology vendors and research firms. 

We target ads to Users based on general profile categories or on non-personally identifiable information inferred from a User’s profile (e.g., industry, current or former company, job function, etc.) in addition to a User’s use of TraDove or their clicking on TraDove ad inventory. TraDove does not provide personally identifiable information to any third party ad network. 

We use ad technology such as web beacons, pixels, anonymous ad network tags, and cookies to more effectively serve ads to our Users on and off TraDove through ad networks, as well as to collect anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers. Because your web browser requests advertisements and web beacons directly from ad network servers, these networks can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. 

I. Log files, IP Addresses and information about your computer and mobile device Due to the communications standards on the internet, when you visit the TraDove website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave TraDove. Additionally, advertisers receive the URL of the page you were on when you click on an ad on TraDove. TraDove also receives the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, your mobile device (including your UDID) and mobile operating system (if you are accessing TraDove using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. TraDove may also receive location data passed to it from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have enabled. Also, as described above in Sections 1.E. and 1.F., TraDove receives information when you access web pages containing TraDove interactive plugins, such as “Share on TraDove” or “Apply with TraDove” functionality. The link between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties without your permission, except as described in Section 2.L (“Compliance with Legal Process”), below. 

J. Rights to Access, Correct and Eliminate Information About You You have a right to access, modify, correct and eliminate the data you supplied to TraDove. If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information that you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented in this policy. We will respond to your request within 30 days. Please note, however that information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible even if you request its deletion.

K. Data Retention TraDove will retain your information for so long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, except in the case of our business plugin impression data, which we de-identify after 12 months. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce this Agreement.

2\. Uses of personal information A. Consent to TraDove Processing Information About You The information you provide to TraDove may reveal, or allow others to identify, your nationality, ethnic origin, gender, age, and other aspects of your life. By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your User account or adding any additional details to your TraDove profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and TraDove’s User Agreement that allow TraDove to process information about you. Supplying information to TraDove, including any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law, is entirely voluntary on your part. You have the right to withdraw your consent to TraDove’s collection and processing of your information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, by changing your Settings, or by closing your account, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.

B. TraDove Communications As described in the User Agreement, we will communicate with you through email, notices posted on the TraDove website, messages to your TraDove inbox, or through other means available through the service, including mobile text messages. We may send you a series of emails that help inform new Users about the features of the Services, and we will also send you service messages relating to the functioning of the Services. We may also send you messages with promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners, unless you have opted out of receiving promotional information. You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your account and changing your settings related to your email notification choices. 

Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from TraDove. Also, if we send communications to you via the carrier service with which you have a mobile communications subscription or otherwise have access, you understand you will pay any service fees associated with your receipt of messages on your mobile device (including text messaging charges). 

C. User Communications Many communications you initiate through TraDove (e.g., an invitation sent to a non-User) will list your primary email address and name in the header of the message. Messages you initiate may also provide aggregate information about your network (for instance how many people are in your network), but will not list the people to whom you’re directly connected. Your contact information will only be shared with another User if both of you have indicated that you would like to establish contact with each other. 

D. Customized Content We use information you provide to us (or to third parties with whom TraDove offers combined services) to customize your experience on our website. For example, when you login to your account, we will display the names of new Users who have recently joined your network or recent status updates from your connections. 

E. Sharing Information with Third Parties TraDove takes the privacy of our Users very seriously, and we do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as described in this policy. We will also not share other personal information not published to your profile or generated through engagement with other TraDove services (Groups, Discussions, Company Profiles, etc.) without your explicit consent or to carry out your instructions (for example, to process payment information) unless, disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinion to: (1) comply with legal process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (2) enforce this Agreement; (3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, whether or not the third party is a User, individual, or government agency; (4) respond to customer service inquiries; or (5) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TraDove, our Users or the public. 

TraDove offers a “public profile” feature that allows Users to publish portions of their TraDove profile to the public internet. This public profile will be crawled by and displayed through search engines when someone searches for your info. 

Content distributed through TraDove’s sharing features and third party integrations may result in displaying some of your information outside of TraDove. For example, when you post content to a TraDove Group that is open for public discussion, your content, including your name as the contributor, may be displayed in search engine results. Or, if you have bound your TraDove account to your Twitter account, you can easily share content into both TraDove as well as to Twitter. 

We may provide aggregated anonymous data about the usage of the Services to third parties for purposes that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be appropriate, including to prospective advertisers on TraDove. 

F. Developers using TraDove Platform Services We collaborate with and allow third parties to use TraDove’s developer platform to offer services and functionality in conjunction with and outside of TraDove. These third parties are either partners (“TraDove Partners”) with whom we have negotiated an agreement to provide services (“Combined Services”). Both the negotiated agreements and our API terms and conditions contain restrictions on access, storage and use of your information. 

If you choose to use Combined Services or a Platform Application, you may be asked to confirm acceptance of the privacy policy and/or user agreement of the TraDove Partner or Platform Developer, which have not necessarily been reviewed or approved by TraDove. It is your choice whether or not to make use of Combined Services or Platform Applications and whether to proceed under any third party terms, and once you do, the third party's terms, and not this policy, will govern how they handle information you provide to them directly or through your TraDove account. 

Also, despite our agreements and technical steps taken to restrict access to and avoid possible misuse of information, we may not screen or audit all Combined Services or Platform Applications. We also cannot guarantee that any TraDove Partner or Platform Developer will abide by our agreement. You agree that your use of Combined Services or Platform Applications is on an “as is” basis and without any warranty. 

If you use any Combined Service or Platform Application, the TraDove Partner or Platform Developer may access and share certain information about you, such as non-public profile information and information visible only to your connections. This includes information about your connections by virtue of you being connected to others. However, unless you have used a Combined Service or Platform Application, it can only access the information about you that is otherwise visible to other TraDove Users. 

G. Polls and Surveys Polls and Surveys may be conducted by TraDove, TraDove Users or third parties. As a User, you may be invited to participate in polls and surveys from the TraDove website. Your selection may be random, or it may be based on your non-personally identifiable information, such as job title, geography, company size and/or industry. Whether or not you decide to participate in a poll or survey is completely up to you. 

After you complete a poll, you will be given access to the aggregate responses of the poll on a results page. Some third parties may target advertisements to you on the results page based on your answers in the poll. Further, TraDove or third parties may follow up with you via messages regarding your participation unless you have opted out of receiving messages. 

We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls. If the delivery of incentives requires your contact information, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information to the third party fulfilling the incentive offer, which will only be used for the purpose of delivering incentives and/or verifying your contact information. It is up to you whether you provide this information, or whether you desire to take advantage of an incentive. 

We will not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third parties in connection with the conduct of any polls or surveys. Your consent to use any personally identifiable information for the purposes set forth in the poll or survey will be explicitly requested by the party conducting it. 

H. Search We offer search services to help find information and learn more about other Users (for example, you can search for Users with particular buying interests, or that you may know from your industry). TraDove search also allows Users to find companies, and contributions to the community aspects of the TraDove Services, such as Groups and Discussion that will help Users more effectively use TraDove and expand their network. We use information from User profiles and contributions to Groups, Company Profiles, and Discussions to inform and refine our search service. 

I. Discussions, Groups, and other Services If you post on the Discussion section of TraDove and participate in TraDove Groups, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to provide there can be read, collected, or used by other Users of these forums, as well as Platform Developers and other third parties, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. TraDove is not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these forums. Also, some content in TraDove Groups may be public and searchable on the internet if the Group owner has opened the group for public discussions. You can delete your posts to Discussions and TraDove Groups at any time. However, please note that ideas you post and information you share may be seen and used by other Users, and TraDove cannot guarantee that other Users have not made copies of or use the ideas and information that you share with others on TraDove. 

J. Testimonials and Advertisements Placed through TraDove Ads Service If you provide any testimonials about the TraDove Services or place advertisements through the TraDove Ads, we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with our promotion of these services to third parties. Testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided. For more information 

K. Advertising and Endorsements on TraDove In order to deliver relevant and valuable ads to you and your network, TraDove may use your name and profile photo in connection with social advertising based on content shared on TraDove. This advertising may include the fact that you have recommended or endorsed a product or service on TraDove, followed a company, joined Groups or conversations, established or added content to your profile, etc., and will only be displayed to your TraDove network. 

L. Compliance with Legal Process It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information, profile information and/or information about your activities as a TraDove User when required by subpoena or other legal process, or if TraDove has a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (a) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (b) to enforce the User Agreement, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of TraDove, our Users, employees, or others. 

M. Disclosures to Others as the Result of a Change in Control or Sale of TraDove Corporation We may also disclose your personal information and other information you provide to another third party as part of a sale of the assets of TraDove Inc., a subsidiary or division, or as the result of a change in control of the company. Any third party to which TraDove transfers or sells TraDove’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us. 

3\. Your Information Choices A. Accessing and Changing Your Account Information You can review the personal information you provided to us and make any desired changes to the information you publish, or to the settings for your TraDove account including your email and contact preferences, at any time by logging in to your account on the TraDove website. Please be aware that even after your request for a change is processed, TraDove may, for a time, retain residual information about you in its backup and/or archival copies of its database.

B. Default Settings Because the mission of TraDove is to serve the world’s business people to enable them to facilitate their jobs, we have established what we believe to be reasonable default settings that we have found most professionals desire. Because Users may use and interact with TraDove in a variety of ways, and because those uses may change over time, we designed our settings to provide our users granular control over the information they share. We encourage our Users to review their account settings and adjust them in accordance with their preferences. 

TraDove accounts are also defaulted to allow Users to be contacted to participate in polls, surveys and partner advertising.

C. Closing Your Account You can close your account through the TraDove customer service site. If you close your TraDove account, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our publicly viewable database. If you close your account, we have no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your account information without liability. However, we may retain certain data contributed by you if TraDove believes it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. TraDove may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the Services to other Users. For example, just as an email you may send to another person through an email service provider resides in that person’s inbox even after you delete it from your sent files or close your account, emails or messages you send on TraDove to other Users, as well as your contributions to TraDove Discussions or Groups, may remain visible to others after you have closed your account. Similarly, other information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible. TraDove disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms herein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information. TraDove does not control when search engines update their cache, which may contain certain public profile information that has since been removed from TraDove’s publicly viewable database. 

D. Memorializing Accounts If we learn that a User is deceased, we may memorialize the User’s account. In these cases we may restrict profile access, remove messaging functionality, and close an account if we receive a formal request from the User’s next of kin or other proper legal request to do so. 

4\. Your Obligations As a User, you have certain obligations to other Users. Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations, and others have become commonplace in user-friendly communities oflike-minded members such as TraDove:  •  You must, at all times, abide by the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and User Agreement. This includes respecting all intellectual property rights that may belong to third parties (such as trademarks or photographs).   
•  You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information that may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic, or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of TraDove and its community of Users.   
•  You must not provide to TraDove and/or other Users information that you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your person or to your job or social status.   
•  You must keep your username and password confidential and not share it with others.  
Any violation of these guidelines may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of your account at the sole discretion of TraDove.   
5\. Important information Children and Minors Children under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our service. 

Please note that by becoming a User, you have given us your express and informed consent to transfer the data that you provide to us to the United States and to process it in the United States. 

Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice. In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personally identifiable information, or in the Privacy Policy document itself, we will display a notice on the TraDove website or send you an email, so that you may review the changed terms prior to continuing to use the site. As always, if you object to any of the changes to our terms, and you no longer wish to use TraDove, you may close your account. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that TraDove has about you and your account.

Using the TraDove Services after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on our site shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices. 

6\. Security In order to help secure your personal information, access to your data on TraDove is password-protected, and sensitive data (such as credit card information) is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and the TraDove website. To protect any data you store on our servers, TraDove also regularly audits its system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we use a tier-one secured-access data center. However, since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to TraDove. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that emails, instant messaging, and similar means of communication with other Users of TraDove are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means. 

7\. How to contact us If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: TraDove Corporation   
Attn: Legal Department, Privacy Policy Issues   
1000 Elwell Court, Suite 220  
Palo Alto, CA 94303   
USA 
