> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the traffiliate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151227231746id_/http%3A//traffiliate.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Traffiliate – Privacy Policy - Landing Page and Conversion Funnel Optimization Platform

  |   | 

Privacy Policy

1\. At Traffiliate we recognize that privacy is important to you. Traffiliate is committed to honor the privacy and security of visitors to our Website. We urge you to read the following Privacy Policy conditions.

2\. By visiting the Website, you signify your consent to the terms of Traffiliate's privacy policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Website. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this privacy policy at any time. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.

3\. When you submit a request to receive information from Traffililiate (including, but not limited to, requests for information on Traffiliate services, comments, feedback etc.), you are sometimes asked to provide certain information, including, but not limited to, your name, title, company, address, phone and fax numbers, e-mail address and line of business. We ask for this personally identifiable information in order to facilitate your requests, provide personalized service, communicate separately with you and inform you about targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers (unless you opt out). By providing any information to the Website, all users fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of the abovementioned information. We do not use your e-mail address to send you unsolicited e-mails. We hope you like receiving emails from us - but if you prefer not to receive future e-mails, Traffiliate gives you the opportunity to opt-out, as further described in the e-mails body.

4\. Traffiliate may use information collected from your use of the Website to analyze trends, administer the use of the Website (or any of Traffiliate's services), provide customer support, compare information for accuracy and gather broad information for aggregate use. In order to provide you with any of its services, Traffiliate may sometimes, if necessary, share any information with third parties, including without limitation, affiliates, carriers, partner service providers, suppliers, agents, or others. However, Traffiliate never shares personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number, or email address. In addition, Traffiliate reasonably requires these third parties to take appropriate measures to protect the information provided to such third parties, to at least the same extent as required by this Privacy Policy and to observe the relevant legislation.

5\. Except as otherwise set forth herein, we do not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information with any third parties outside of Traffiliate.

6\. Please be informed that, notwithstanding the abovementioned, in the event a designated competent authority shall request Traffiliate, to retain any information, Traffiliate shall provide all necessary assistance and information to fulfill this request.

7\. The Website may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to the Website. Traffiliate is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites.

8\. Traffiliate uses cookies to gather and store information. Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to user computer's hard drive solely for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help Traffiliate make its Website and services more useful by storing information on your preferences. Cookies enable Traffiliate to gain information about the use of its Website or services and to enhance such according to the preferences of the users. The cookies do not personally identify you, but they will identify your computer. Your browser is most likely set up to accept cookies, but you can set yours to refuse them. If you want to opt out, please click here. If you do so, you may not be able to take full advantage of Website. Traffiliate shall not be liable for any failure of your computer due to the use of cookies. 

9\. Data collection on behalf of Traffiliate's clients In the course of delivering its services to its clients (mostly advertisers and web publishers), Traffiliate collects only non-personally identifiable information about internet users through the use of cookies, and retains complete anonymity of the internet users where it is concerned. In other words, Traffiliate does not collect information, such as the name, address, phone number, or email address of the internet users. However, Traffiliate does collect certain non-personally identifiable information about the internet users, such as their browser type (for example, Netscape or Internet Explorer), the server their computer is logged into, the type of computer operating system they use (Macintosh or Windows, for instance), and whether they responded to the landing page delivered. The non-personally identifiable information that Traffiliate collects is used for the purpose of targeting landing pages and measuring the effectiveness of landing pages among internet users, on behalf of Traffiliate’s clients. Internet users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used by Traffiliate for the abovementioned internal purposes; If you choose to opt out, please [click here](http://stage.traffiliate.com/OptPut.ashx?ReturnUrl=http://www.traffiliate.com/thankyou.html). As described above, Traffiliate services are cookie-based, so you may need to opt out again (and set a new "opt-out" cookie) if you do any of the following: delete your cookies, block cookies, switch internet browsers, change computers or upgrade your web browser.

10\. Traffiliate may, at its sole discretion, amend this Privacy Policy at any time by giving you notice or by posting the amended Privacy Policy on the Website. Any amended Privacy Policy shall govern new user registrations from the date that it is posted on such Website. Your continued use of the Website or any of Traffiliate services following such date shall mean that you accept and agree to the amendments. 

11\. If you have any questions or comments regarding privacy issues on the Website, please use the following mailbox: [support@traffiliate.com ](mailto:support@traffiliate.com).

|  
