> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the traffic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071210075153id_/http%3A//www.traffic.com/privacy.html%3Fct%3Dfooter_privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms and Conditions :: Traffic.com

Traffic.com, Inc. and it affiliates and agents (collectively, "Traffic.com") respect the privacy of the visitors to our web site at www.traffic.com and affiliate websites and any co branded, derivative or successor site (collectively, the "Website") and are committed to protecting your privacy. Traffic.com has established this Privacy Statement to inform you of our policies and practices regarding how we collect information from you, how we use and disclose it, and your rights with respect to such information. 

##  1\. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. 

Personal identifiable information is information that may be used to identify an individual, including, without limitation, your first and last name, your home or other physical address, your age and income, your electronic mail address, which Internet address you go to, what browser you are using, and other similar information (collectively, "Personal Information"). Traffic.com will ask you for and collect personal identifiable information from you to provide certain services to you; to sell products and services to you; to send promotional e-mails and information about our company; to sign up for products or services; to sign up or request to receive updates about our upcoming services; to solicit feedback; and for editorial, internal marketing, and promotional purposes. Traffic.com collects personal identifiable information about you from various sources while you are visiting our Website including, but not limited to, the following: (i) information we collect from you from applications, registration, surveys, and other forms; (ii) information about your transactions with us, our business partners and our suppliers; (iii) information we receive from our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you requested; and (iv) your e-mail, fax and telephone requests to us for technical support, information, or about our products or services. 

##  2\. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. 

Traffic.com and its suppliers, business partners, affiliates, agents and other third parties will use Personal Information to provide you with the products and services you requested, to better understand your needs, and to respond to your requests. Unless you request otherwise through our opt-out process, we may also use Personal Information to deliver promotional information about Traffic.com and our product and services. From time to time, we may seek your permission to provide Personal Information (e.g. your email address) to specific business partners for their use in sending you promotional information. We will provide this information to our partners only if you allow it. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that our partners' use of such information is consistent with Traffic.com's Privacy Policy. 

You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use many portions of the Website; however, you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Website or the services available on or through the Website that require your Personal Information. 

##  3\. DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. 

Traffic.com will not distribute, sell, rent or otherwise disclose your personal identifiable information to any third party except as follows: (i) to business partners, suppliers, affiliates, agents, and other third parties that help us provide certain services and products to you and to process payments (if applicable); (ii) in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Traffic.com's rights or property, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities; (iii) in special circumstances, such as the sale or potential sale of Traffic.com or the bankruptcy of Traffic.com; (iv) when we believe in good faith that it is required by law, or to comply with a court order or other legal process; (v) to enforce our Terms of Use Agreement; and (vi) when you have consented to such disclosure. Traffic.com takes commercially reasonable precautions to ensure that your Personal Information is used only for its intended purposes. 

##  4\. OPTING OUT AND OTHER RIGHTS. 

We allow you, on our web site, to set up and to modify your marketing preferences and/or to opt out of receiving communications from Traffic.com. When you signed up for service, you had the option of unchecking the selection box and choosing to continue to get our traffic services, but not receive newsletters or marketing material from Traffic.com. If you wish to modify your selection, please click the [contact information](http://secure.traffic.com/servlet/Controller?appname=userregistration&workflowname=accountMangMod&PARTNER=DEFAULT&metroid=0&numAction=2&service_choice=MY_TRAFFIC_FREE) link under 'my account'. If you opt out of such communications, Traffic.com will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such selections take effect within 24 hours. 

You may request removal of your Personal Information from our systems by canceling your service by following the [cancel account](http://secure.traffic.com/servlet/Controller?appname=userregistration&workflowname=accountMangMod&PARTNER=DEFAULT&metroid=0&numAction=6&service_choice=MY_TRAFFIC_FREE) link under 'my account'. Canceling your service means that we will not be able to send you traffic reports by email or by phone. We may retain in our files information you have requested to remove in some limited circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms of Use Agreement. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical constraints and the fact that we back up our systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your Personal Information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. 

Traffic.com reserves the right to send you certain communications related to this Website that are considered part of your account, such as traffic reports and alerts, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. 

##  5\. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY (INDIVIDUALS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE). 

Traffic.com is committed to protecting the privacy of children and encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in your child's online activities and interests. Traffic.com does not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information about visitors under 18 years of age. Parents and guardians should instruct their children never to give out real names or any other identifying information over the Internet without first getting parental permission. If you are 17 or under, you must have your parent or guardian's permission to provide any information to Traffic.com through our Website. 

##  6\. USE OF COOKIES. 

Cookies are data text files that a web site transfers to a visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow web site operators like Traffic.com to facilitate and customize your visit by saving your preferences and/or your password, while tracking information about your visit to a web site. We use the data collected by cookies to retrieve certain information previously provided by you and to help us provide our visitors with a better experience at our Website. Many improvements and updates to the Website are based on the data collected by cookies. Information that we track with cookies includes, without limitation, the total number of visitors and pages viewed, the areas of our Website that you have visited, and settings and/or preferences you have chosen. Although most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can reset your browser preferences to indicate when a cookie is being sent or to refuse all cookies. You can also delete some or all of your cookies. However, please realize that if your browser refuses cookies, or if you delete cookies, you may have difficulty accessing cookie-enabled pages and services available at our Website, and some of our services may be unavailable. 

##  7\. SECURITY. 

Traffic.com takes commercially reasonable care in providing secure transmission of your information over the Internet. Even though we strive to protect your Personal Information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Traffic.com cannot ensure and does not warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. 

##  8\. TERMS OF USE. 

Traffic.com has a Terms of Use Agreement that sets forth the terms and conditions under which Traffic.com provides information and services to you. The Terms of Use Agreement for use of this Website is available on the Traffic.com Website. It is your responsibility to read, understand and comply with all terms and conditions of the Terms of Use, as updated from time to time by Traffic.com in its sole discretion. 

##  9\. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS. 

By using this Website, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Website. Traffic.com reserves the right to change or modify the privacy practices that are described herein simply by posting such change, update, or modification on this Website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting to the Website and Traffic.com reserves the right to make the revised or changed Privacy Statement effective for information we already have about you, as well as any information we receive in the future. 

Effective Date: August 19, 2005. 
