> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trafficz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071201191645id_/http%3A//www.trafficz.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TrafficZ.com - Privacy Policy

**TRAFFICZ PRIVACY POLICY**

This Privacy Policy applies to collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by Trafficz. If there are any exceptions, we will clearly disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information. By using the Services and our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we outline in this Privacy Policy. Trafficz may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post any changes here so that you are always informed of the information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Please be aware that, as part of the Services, Trafficz provides links to Web sites operated by third parties, and also provides search results and similar services to third parties for display on their own Web sites or applications. Trafficz is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of those third party Web sites or applications. Also, please be aware that banner ads on Trafficz are provided by a third party, which may collect cookies as part of the process of serving those ads. These cookies are typically used for the purpose of tracking performance of the banner ads. Trafficz does not determine which information will be collected by that third party. Please see the paragraph below regarding Third Party Banner Ads.

Third Party Banner Ads

We use other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

Trafficz may collect any or all of the following four types of information:

(a) traffic or clickstream data,  
(b) cookies,  
(c) pixel tags or  
(d) contact information and other personally identifying information.

(a) Traffic or Clickstream Data. Data about traffic and usage is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. Trafficz may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. For example, we may tell an advertiser that a certain number of people visited a certain area on our Web site, or searched Web sites for the term "basketball posters." Trafficz collects some information regarding use of the Services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, Trafficz's servers collect information about the site from which you entered to enable Trafficz to calculate and pay its affiliates, information about the most frequently searched terms to help its advertisers provide the most relevant search results, information about usage to check for fraudulent behavior or other abnormalities and to ensure that our Services are technically superior. In addition to the foregoing applications, Trafficz uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design the Services.

(b) Cookies. Like many sites, Trafficz collects information about online behavior using cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to see how our users are interacting with our site and how frequently they are returning, as well as to streamline their experiences using the Services. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Cookies let us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. Trafficz may also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites, and can, where necessary, pay our affiliates and other business partners. To Trafficz, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve our Services. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may not be able to use all of the features of the Services. Trafficz may share information about usage of the Services with third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.

(c) Pixel Tags. Trafficz shares web site usage information about visitors to our web site with a reputable third-party advertising company for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. For this purpose, Trafficz and our third-party advertising company note some of the pages you visit on our Web site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The information collected by Trafficz and our third-party advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable. For more information about our third-party advertiser, please click here. To opt out of the targeting program, please click here.

(d) Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information. Trafficz can obtain access to your name, e-mail address and other contact information only (1) when you become a client with Trafficz, provide comments, submit a problem, or request information from Trafficz and provide your name or return contact information, or (2) in connection with special offers or contests. Contact information provided in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests. This information is not stored or used in connection with traffic or clickstream data and is provided to a third party only as necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request. Finally, you may choose to provide contact information, other personally identifying information, and demographic information in order to participate in optional surveys or contests, which are run for promotional purposes. Trafficz uses such information to send you information about its products and to notify you if you win the contest. Finally, from time to time, but only with your permission, Trafficz may provide certain of its users' registration information to selected third parties who wish to participate in special promotions offered in conjunction with Trafficz. Users may opt-out of receiving such communications at any time by contacting Trafficz.

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Trafficz has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. However, data security is a constantly evolving art and science. You should consider any communication that you transmit to Trafficz (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that Trafficz will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.
