> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trafficvance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121118010803id_/http%3A//www.trafficvance.com%3Fpage%3Dpublic.PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Trafficvance :: Advanced Display & Text Link Traffic | Privacy Policy

Trafficvance Privacy Policy

Trafficvance makes this Website (the "Site") available to registered members of the Site ("Members"), subject to this privacy policy (the "Policy") and the Trafficvance Terms and Conditions ("Member Agreement").  This Policy explains what information Trafficvance collects about Members on the Site, how Trafficvance uses and maintains the information.  By becoming a Member of Trafficvance and using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, in whole or part, you should not use this Site or become a Member. If you are a Member and do not agree with the terms of this Policy, you must immediately terminate your account. 

The Policy applies only to information collected on the Site and not to information collected or obtained from other sources. 

Collection of Personally Identifiable Information

Trafficvance collects personally identifiable information ("PII") from Members that is volunteered by Members during the registration process or in response to specific information requests.  Trafficvance also collects PII which third parties provide to Trafficvance in accordance with their respective privacy policies.  Examples of PII that may be requested and/or collected include: first and last name, address, email address, and telephone number.  In order to allow Trafficvance to comply with applicable legal reporting requirements, Members who win certain prizes on the Site may be requested to provide their information and agree to have their name and likeness, such as a photograph, published for marketing purposes.  All prize winners must comply with any sweepstakes or contest rules that are published and relevant to the particular event where a prize has been awarded.  Trafficvance never shares social security numbers to any third party, unless required by law for tax and reporting purposes.  From time to time, Trafficvance may also present opportunities for Members to voluntarily provide a limited amount of general demographic information about themselves, which may include their gender, birth date, marital status, education, occupation, and household income. 

Use and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information

Trafficvance reserves the right to use PII: (1) for the specific purpose for which such information was provided; (2) as disclosed at the time such information is provided; or (3) as disclosed in this Policy. However, please note that Trafficvance Inc. may change this Policy at any time (See "Changes to this Policy," below), and that therefore Trafficvance may in the future use PII for additional purposes not currently included in this Policy.  Please check this Policy frequently so you can view the current Policy. 

When you register to become a Member, you are automatically registered to become a Member of all other online properties in the Trafficvance network (collectively, the "Network Sites").  Accordingly, Trafficvance may share PII with the Network Sites. 

Trafficvance may share PII (except for credit card information and social security number) with its partners, sponsors, advertisers, independent contractors, service providers and marketers, lookup and reference services, and any other entities that Trafficvance believes are able to provide Members with special offers and opportunities.  Note that although Trafficvance advises everyone who receives PII from Trafficvance to support this Policy, Trafficvance has no control over such party's information handling practices and is not responsible for any failure of such party to adhere to this Policy.  As provided in the Member Agreement, Members are required to provide their PII to Trafficvance as a condition of Membership, and to understand and agree that Trafficvance may share their PII with the Network Sites and unaffiliated third parties.  If you do not provide the required PII or do not agree that Trafficvance may share your PII with such entities, you may not register as a Member, and if you are already a Member, you must immediately terminate your account, by following the instructions in the "Terminate Account" section below.  Additionally, Trafficvance may share Member PII in aggregate, non-personal form, with select companies that wish to reach a particular Member target audience.  This information will allow these entities to provide relevant offers to a specific group of Members. Finally, Trafficvance may disclose PII in order to: (1) comply with applicable laws; (2) respond to governmental inquiries; (3) comply with valid legal process and research or prepare for litigation or threat of litigation; and (4) protect the rights or property of Trafficvance, the Network Sites or other Members and users of the Site. 

Non–Personally Identifiable Information

Trafficvance also collects certain non-personally identifiable information, including the non-personally identifiable information more fully described below. 

Cookies.  Trafficvance uses "cookies" on the Site. Cookies are small pieces of information that Trafficvance's server places on an individual's computer hard drive to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with the Site and Trafficvance emails.  For example, Trafficvance will place a cookie on a Member's computer when he/she initially registers with the Site.  The next time that Member visits the Site, Trafficvance's server will recognize the cookie (and the Member) and allow the Member to play the game immediately without signing in.  While some Web browsers allow a Member to automatically reject all cookies or be notified when a cookie is about to be placed on the Member's computer, disabling this feature may compromise the efficiency and added services that cookies provide. 

IP Address.  Trafficvance collects your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with Trafficvance's server, and to administer this Site.  An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data. 

Clear GIFs.  Trafficvance uses a common technology known as a "Clear GIF" or "1–by–1 Pixel" on the Site and in email communications with Members.  A Clear GIF, or "graphic interface format" is a small graphic (in fact, truly a 1x1 pixel) that Trafficvance (or a partner of Trafficvance) places on the Site or in an email.  GIFs, which do not contain any PII, provide Trafficvance with important information about how Members use the Site and respond to email messages.  With this information, Trafficvance is better able to track the performance of certain promotions and understand the effectiveness of particular creative email presentations.  Trafficvance may also allow its advertisers and promotional partners the ability to use GIFs on the Site solely to track Members who link from their respective sites to this Site, but this ability to track such activity does not allow these entities access to Member PII.  Although the information collected through the foregoing methods does not itself contain any PII, Trafficvance may analyze and match such information with other information that you provide (including PII) as well as information that Trafficvance may obtain elsewhere, and Trafficvance may share all or some of such information with partners, prospective partners, and other affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. Trafficvance may also disclose any of the non-personally identifiable information described above in order to (1) comply with applicable laws, (2) respond to governmental inquiries, (3) comply with valid legal process, or (4) protect the rights or property of Trafficvance or its Members and users of the Site. 

Linking of Information

Trafficvance may combine information provided by a Member with information obtained from other sources.  Enhancing Member files with this other information will allow Trafficvance to provide Members with more relevant services email promotional offers, and direct mail pieces. For example, a Member's user profile will automatically be updated with any information that user enters on any of the Network Sites. Likewise, any information provided to Trafficvance will be used to update the Member's profile on the Network Sites. 

Third Party Services

Certain activities, information and services available to Members are provided by entities not affiliated with Trafficvance.  For example, if you choose to purchase a product or service or play a game from the site, the information you provide in connection with such purchase or game play may be made available to a third party to satisfy that purpose.  Although Trafficvance advises all of its partners to support this Policy, Trafficvance has no control over their information handling practices and is not responsible for any failure of such partners to adhere to this Policy. 

  

