> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trainingpeaks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212041534id_/http%3A//trainingpeaks.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TrainingPeaks.com

   
Privacy Policy 

Protecting your privacy is very important to TrainingPeaks.com, Inc. ("TrainingPeaks.com"). At TrainingPeaks.com, our goal is to personally tailor your interactive fitness and training experience to your interests, goals, and fitness level. In order to do this, we collect certain information about you from your use of our web site. When you use our web site, we want you to be secure with our policy on privacy because we realize that personal information regarding your health, fitness and training background is a very sensitive and confidential matter. 

The statement below outlines our privacy program. It is a work in progress. From time to time, as we expand our services, we will update our privacy policy but the underlying goal of protecting our members' privacy will remain. We also welcome your continuous input into these guidelines. Please e-mail your feedback to us at support@TrainingPeaks.com. 

TrainingPeaks.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: TrainingPeaks.com. 

Use of Information 

1\. Use of IP Addresses. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. 

2\. Login Session. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your login session. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to customize the content and/or layout of our page for you. 

3\. Registration Form. Our site's registration form requires you to give us contact information (like your name and e-mail address). We use this contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and (with permission) promotional material from some of our partners. This contact information is also used to contact you when necessary. If you wish to opt-out of receiving future mailings, please e-mail us at support@TrainingPeaks.com . You must OPT IN to get future email from us, you will not be contacted after your trial expires unless you have selected the checkbox "I want to receive communications from TrainingPeaks.com". 

4\. Online Surveys. Our online surveys ask visitors for demographic information (like zip code or age). We use data from our surveys to send visitors information about our company and (with permission) promotional material from some of our affiliates, partners, sponsors and advertisers. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. This information is shared with affiliates, partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. We also use this data specifically to target to you retail opportunities provided by our e-commerce affiliates, partners, sponsors, and advertisers. We reserve the right to use the data collected to aid TrainingPeaks.com in research and development of our web site. We reserve the right to the use of the data in any way we deem responsible and correct (whether it be the sale, publishing, or any other use). We reserve the right to do as we see fit with findings based on the data collected. 

5\. Message Boards and Other Public Forums. Because our goal is to foster and cultivate an informed fitness community, we offer the use of Message Boards and other Public Forums on our site. Since these are public areas, any information you may disclose becomes public information. Please remember this and use extreme care when disclosing your personal information. TrainingPeaks.com is not responsible or liable for the uses that others may make of information you provide on the Message Boards and the other Public Forums. 

6\. Links to Other Sites. This site contains links to other sites. Our advertisers, partners and/or affiliates may place cookies on your hard drive either directly or when you use a link provided by our web site. We cannot directly control what these cookies do or what our advertisers, partners and/or affiliates do. TrainingPeaks.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Our privacy practices may be different than those on other sites. Please make sure you familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of third party web sites before disclosing personal information to them and any use of these third party web sites is at your own risk. 

7\. Use of Navigation Paths. We track everything a user does on our web site. The type of information we collect includes (but is not limited to) where a user goes on our site to how long a user is on our web site to what links a user chooses. We do this by a collection method called Navigation Paths. By collecting data in this way, we can generate reports based on a user's Navigation Path that can tell a partner or sponsor what a user is doing on our web site and then can be used by our sponsors and partners for marketing purposes. The data collected will be used to create a personal profile that helps TrainingPeaks.com to personalize and enhance your on-line experience of our web site. 

8\. By acquiring a username and logging in to our system, you agree not to use the opportunity to review our services with the intent to reverse-engineer, decompile, copy, re-use, re-engineer or decipher any parts of the TrainingPeaks website or any of it's underlying functionality. 

9\. Supplemental Information. This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties. This is only done with your consent, and we describe exactly what information will be gathered and how it will be used. 

Security 

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All TrainingPeaks.com systems are maintained with the latest revisions of operating systems and software, including security updates. Multiple sources of information about Internet security issues are monitored on a daily basis, and systems are carefully monitored to detect any attempts to compromise security. Access to databases is limited to technical staff who are performing maintenance activities, and support staff assisting a user, and in all cases, is strictly limited to the minimum necessary to perform the assigned task. We use the SSL encryption standard to communicate sensitive user information. Technical staff use secure clients for interactive maintenance sessions to prevent password sniffing. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or you transmit from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we take all reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. Sometimes user data is not retrievable or is lost or damaged. In these instances, we will try to retrieve or restore the data but we cannot be held responsible and cannot be held liable for data that is lost or damaged, not retrievable, altered or misused. We also cannot be held responsible and cannot be held liable for information that is lost or damaged, not retrievable, altered or misused by third parties. 
