> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the transunion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180825213924id_/https%3A//www.transunion.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TransUnion

Welcome to Trans Union LLC (“TransUnion”) and its family of companies. Please carefully read our Privacy Policy to understand how we will treat the information you provide while visiting our website or the web sites of most of our domestic subsidiaries and affiliates (“Website”), as well as how our Digital Marketing business collects and treats information on you. This policy may change from time to time. Please check our Website periodically for updates to our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to TransUnion and its domestic subsidiaries and affiliates, except for TransUnion Consumer Solutions, LLC, TransUnion Interactive, Inc. (TrueCredit and zendough), and TransUnion Rental Screening Solutions, Inc.’s [www.MySmartMove.com](http://www.mysmartmove.com/), who maintain their own privacy policies.

### Collection and Use of Information

**Online Information.** This is information or data collected on the TransUnion Website and applications, which may include information on what website you visited, when you visited it, how long you stayed, and from what device you accessed the Website. We may also collect additional information, such as: the device you use to access our Website or our mobile applications; your browsing history while you are on our Website or apps (e.g., the pages you view, how long you stay on each page, how often you come back and your behavior while you are on our Website); the IP Address and information related to that IP Address such as geographical information, domain information the internet service provider used; which ads or online content you view, access, or click on; the location of your mobile device.)

When you visit our Website, we may collect Online Information or nonpersonal information. TransUnion will collect data about your use of our Website, in a manner that does not include any personally identifiable information. While you browse our Website, we note which pages of our site you visit and note the IP address of your computer (as all web sites do automatically), but we do not link that information to your personal information. The general information we gather enables us to serve you better by continually enhancing our Website based on up-to-date usage patterns.

TransUnion uses "cookies," which are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes, to facilitate your access to our products, and to study how our Website is used so that we may improve, enhance and personalize your experience on our Website. TransUnion uses cookies in accordance with industry-standard protocols. If you would like more information about cookies, you can visit <http://www.cookiecentral.com/n_cookie_faq.htm>. TransUnion uses a cookie so that our Website "recognizes" you each time you return using the same computer, and you do not have to re-enter all your personal information on each visit. You can set your web browser to refuse to accept this cookie – or delete this type of cookie from your hard drive – and still access our products, as long as you re-enter information each time you visit.

Like many websites, we use retargeting, a cookie-based technology, to provide advertisements that we think our Website visitors may like. Retargeting works by placing an anonymous pixel in your browser when you visit our Website. The pixel ensures that our ads are served to our previous Website visitors.

We use Google Analytics, Optimizely, or other similar analytical tools to collect information in order to display and optimize advertisements and personalize your experience on our Website. We are provided anonymous information collected from other websites on which we display advertisements that enables us to understand how our Website visitors, who were exposed to ads we have placed on those other websites, interact with our Website. We may use this information to enhance or modify our campaigns that are designed to bring visitors to our Website. You may opt-out of this anonymous data collection and sharing activity by visiting the Google Analytics Privacy Overview web page and following the procedures noted under the Browser Opt-Out and Privacy Center information sections (search for these sites through [www.google.com](https://www.google.com/)).

**Information You Provide.** When you provide information, through our Website, we may use it for various reasons, such as our credit reporting business, our consumer business, market research, and recruitment. Based on the nature of your interaction with us, you may provide to us certain personally identifiable consumer information, such as first and last name; home address, billing address, or other physical address; an email address (so we may contact you); a telephone number; a social security number; or certain other information, such as date of birth, employment information, and certain credit card and loan account information (collectively, “Personally Identifiable Consumer Information”). In general, we will use the information collected from you for the purpose for which you provided such information. We will not release your Personally Identifiable Consumer Information to third parties except: (1) as necessary for us to process your transaction or (2) as permitted by law. These third parties are not allowed to use Personally Identifiable Consumer Information except for the purpose of providing these services.

**Our Credit Reporting Business.** We may use information you provide to update our consumer credit database. Access to Personally Identifiable Consumer Information on this database is limited to: (1) entities with a permissible purpose to receive it, as defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”); (2) entities with a permitted use under Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; (3) companies who resell our data as permitted under law; and (4) companies who process data on our behalf. Access to nonpersonal information on this database may be provided to companies and other entities for research and other purposes.

Under the FCRA, we may provide information to companies that provide you with pre-approved offers of credit or insurance. If you prefer not to receive such offers, you may opt-out by calling 1-888-5OPTOUT or visiting [www.optoutprescreen.com](https://www.optoutprescreen.com/?rf=t).

**Our Consumer Business.** When you visit our Website, we may ask you if you want to sign-up to receive information and promotional offers from TransUnion Interactive, Inc. (TrueCredit and zendough), and its marketing partners. If you provide your name and email address, we may share that information with one or more third parties in order to administer the program and present such offers to you. If you do not register your email, we will not collect any personal information on you while you visit our Website. In connection with the email registration program, our third party email processor may use action tags (also known as single pixel gif or web beacons) to collect completely anonymous information concerning your use of our Website. Such third party administrator is not authorized to use any such information for any other purpose. If you decide to register for emails, you may opt-out of receiving further emails at any time by using the opt-out provision at the bottom of every email. If you accept offers from TransUnion Interactive, Inc. and its marketing partners, then their respective privacy policies will apply.

**Market Research.** Your participation in market research activities is optional. Should you choose to participate, we may use information you provide to improve your experience with our products and services. We may engage third parties to assist us with our market research efforts who may retain nonpersonal aggregated information. However, all personal information you provide will only be used for our research purposes.

**Recruitment.** When you submit an application for employment, we use your personal information for recruitment purposes only.

### Our Digital Marketing Business

**Purpose and Use.** Through TransUnion’s Digital Marketing services, we enable our business partners to communicate with consumers in a digital environment. In an effort to provide relevant products and services to consumers, these businesses use our data and technology to create, deploy, and measure targeted advertising programs digitally. We collect information as outlined below and use it for permitted marketing uses. In addition, we may aggregate and depersonalize data for analytical purposes, to provide reporting to our business partners, and for measuring advertising performance. And as a part of enabling Digital Marketing services, we may use service providers.

**Data Collected.** The information we collect (“Marketing Data”) for our Digital Marketing business is segregated from traditional consumer reporting agency information. Marketing Data may include information on consumers, households, and businesses as well as nonpersonal aggregated information and advertising program performance data. Marketing Data includes information about consumers such as demographics, life events, public records, or firmagraphics. Demographic data includes information such as age, gender, income, occupation, education, and marital status. Life events data includes information such as a recent move or home purchase. Public records data includes information such as summarized U.S. census data, geographic data, and property data from local tax assessor and recorded deed information. Firmagraphic data includes information such as type of business, years in business, size of business, and job titles.

**Sharing Data.** We share Marketing Data with our business partners to facilitate the creation and deployment of digital advertising. For example, when we segment our data into groups of consumers (“Audiences”), we share it using unique identifiers (“Unique IDs”). We use a proprietary process to convert our data into Unique IDs that do not contain personally identifiable information. We may also share aggregated and depersonalized data with our business partners for analytical purposes, including measuring advertising performance and reporting. Many of our business partners are Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) members and/or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participants and are required to comply with those respective codes of conduct or principles.

**Choice.** We take our commitment to privacy seriously. If you prefer to opt out of receiving marketing messages, we recommend that you visit the Data & Marketing Association (DMA) and register on their consumer web site: <https://dmachoice.thedma.org/>. TransUnion will apply DMAChoice opt-outs to our Marketing Data to implement your preferences and comply with DMA guidelines. In addition, the DAA offers a WebChoices tool that allows you to choose company specific digital advertising preferences for your browser. Please visit <http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/> to explore information about participating companies and to register your specific opt out preferences.

### Access to Your Information

You may order your TransUnion Personal Credit Report online at TransUnion.com. However, when you provide information on our Website, you should ensure that the information is accurate. If you believe that there is an error on your credit report, you may file a dispute.

### Protection of Your Information; Accountability

We take security seriously at TransUnion. We maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect any data that we collect. We use security technologies to safeguard credit information and any information you provide us. TransUnion maintains policies, procedures, and compliance mechanisms, such as training, independent review and third-party verification of our stated practices, to ensure adherence to our information security plans and this Privacy Policy.

### Policy Regarding Children

We define children as individuals under the age of 16. Our Website is not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect information from children. Specific to our Digital Marketing business, we define children as individuals age 18 and younger and do not knowingly include them in our products and services.

### Privacy Policy Changes

We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time as our products and services evolve to meet your needs, and we reserve the right to do so without prior notice. Any changes to our Privacy Policy become effective upon posting to our Website, and our Privacy Policy is typically dated with an Effective Date to indicate when it is updated. Please check our Website periodically for updates to our Privacy Policy. By using our Website and the services described herein, you agree to the terms of this policy.

Effective Date: June 8, 2018.
