> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the transfergo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161023205222id_/https%3A//www.transfergo.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | TransferGO

Effective Date: 01 August 2012

## Privacy Policy

**Introduction  
**   
TransferGo operates a service that allows you to transfer money and make foreign currency payments internationally through our website, www.transfergo.com, and our app (the "Service"). 

We have written this policy to explain how TransferGo Ltd ("we", "us" or "TransferGo") uses the personal data you provide us when using our Service. We value our relationship with you and place the highest importance on respecting and protecting your privacy. We will only process personal information in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy. 

TransferGo will be the data controller of all personal information you submit to us. If you require further information on your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998, please visit the Information Commissioner's website at www.ico.org.uk. 

**Information we may collect about you and how we use it  
**   
We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us when you use our Service. This can include information you provide to use when you register for an account, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, respond to a survey, enter a promotion or use some other feature of our Service. 

At various places on our Service you may be requested to enter certain personal information. Personal information that must be provided to use the requested services will be indicated at the time of collection. 

We may collect the following categories of personal information about you: 

**Contact details** , such as your name, email or postal address, phone number. We will use this information to verify your identity, to create an account for you so that you can use the Service, to communicate with you directly about the Service and about any queries, issues or concerns you have, [and to send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences]. Your contact details will not be disclosed to other users of our Service. We may need to share your contact details with other service providers in order to carry out the transactions you request through our Service. 

**Information that you provide or that we obtain from third parties to verify your identity** , such as copies of identification documents or documents verifying identification from publicly accessible databases. We may collect information about you from other sources, including but not limited to: credit reference agencies, fraud preventions agencies and business directories or other commercially or publicly available sources. We will use this information to verify your identity, detect and prevent fraud and to comply with our obligations under applicable money laundering law. We may need to share your contact details with other service providers in order to carry out the transactions you request through our Service. 

**Comments and opinions.** We keep records when you submit enquiries or comments to us or contact us. We will use your comments and opinions to address your queries, issues and concerns and improve our products and services. We will also use comments and opinions you express when responding to surveys, entering competitions or taking part in other promotions to determine products and services that may be of interest to you and to send you marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences. 

**Information provided by social networks you connect to our Service.** If you connect a social network, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google Plus, to our Service we will collect personal information from the social network in accordance with your privacy settings on that network. The connected social network may provide us with information such as your name, Facebook ID, Twitter handle, Google Plus ID, network, gender, username, user ID, age or age range, language, country, friends list, follower list and any other information you have agreed it can share or that the social network provides to us. We will use the personal information provided to allow you to log-in to the Service, to create an account for you and, where we provide the functionality, we will also use the information provided to assist you in sharing content, or your experiences on our Service, with your friends, followers or contacts on the connected social network. We may also use the connection between the social network and our Service to provide you with updates on the social network that are relevant to any account you have with us or promotion you are taking part in. Such updates will only be provided with your consent; we will not post to your social network or to your friends, followers, contacts or other users of the social network without your consent. 

**Payment information.** We will ask you to provide your payment information, such as your bank account details, credit or debit card number, or PayPal account details. We will use this information to process the transactions you make through our Service, and collect any fees owed to us or third parties, as set out in our Terms and Conditions. ] 

**Your preferences**. We hold information about the preferences you communicate to us for notifications, marketing communications and how our Service is displayed. We will use your preference settings for the purpose of providing notifications, sending marketing communications and providing our Service in accordance with your choices. 

**Information about how you use and connect to our Service.** We collect information about how you use our Service such as the pages you view on our Service, the time you access our Service and how long you use it for, the website from where you came to our Service or go to after leaving our Service and any selections and choices you make when using our Service.We also collect information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to our Service. This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to our Service through the device, your Internet service provider or mobile network, your IP address and your device's telephone number (if it has one). 

We use information about how you use and connect to our Service to present our Service to you on your device and to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.Information about fraudulent or criminal activity relating to your account. We will use information about fraudulent or criminal activity relating to your use of our Service for the purposes of detecting and preventing fraud or crime. 

**All personal information.** We will use all the personal information we collect to monitor and improve our Service and business. We also use the personal information we collect to help us develop new products and services. Our use of your personal information in this way will not result in information that was not previously publicly available being made public on our Service. 

We may anonymise and aggregate any of the information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymised information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our Service and developing new products and features.Disclosure of your information We may disclose your personal information to the following parties:Any member of our group. We may share your personal data with our subsidiaries (i.e. any organisation we own or control) or our holding company or ultimate holding company (i.e. any organisation that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries they own. These companies will only use your personal information to provide a service to us or to you in the same way as we can under this privacy policy.Purchasers of our business. In the event that we sell any business or assets, personal information may be disclosed or transferred to buyers or prospective buyers of our business or any of our assets as part of any such sale.Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons. We may share your personal information with third parties if we are requested or required to do so by the police or any regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, or upon the receipt of a court order, and such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect TransferGo's rights or property.We may also provide third parties with aggregate statistical information and analytics about users of our Service, but we will make sure that no one can be identified from this information before we disclose it.MarketingFrom time to time we may contact you with information about our products and services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you. If you do not want to receive marketing messages from us, you will usually be able to tell us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails.How long does TransferGo store your information? We will hold your information for as long as is necessary and/or required by law in order to provide you with the TransferGo service, deal with any specific issues that you may raise or otherwise as is required by law or any relevant regulatory body. Viewing your personal information As a customer, you have the right to view your personal information. This means that you can request to find out what personal information has been stored and for what purposes it is being used. A request to view your information can be submitted by email including your name, address, land line and/or mobile telephone number and a copy of a valid identity document, to [hello@transfergo.com]. TransferGo may charge a maximum of £10 in administration costs for handling the request.  Correcting your personal information As a customer, you have the right to correct your personal information. To do this, please contact us by email to [hello@transfergo.com]. You are able to view your personal information on our Service. To prevent your personal information being viewed and edited by others, you can only access your personal profile by first logging in to your account with your username and password. Security,  Data Retention and TransferThe security of your personal information is important to us. Our data processing technologies are professionally hosted by a company that specialises in hosting solutions. When you provide sensitive information to us, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In order to provide the Service, the personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in. Some of these jurisdictions offer differing levels of protection in respect of personal information and may, in certain instances, be less protective than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy. Changes to this policy Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page, and where appropriate, notified to you by email. Contacting you We will contact you by email, SMS, phone and other ways only if you give us the information required to do so and do not indicate that you do not want to be contacted in these ways. You can tell us at any time that you do not want to be contacted by any of these means by emailing [hello@TransferGo.com]. Contact us You can contact us using the contact information on our Service or send us an email [hello@TransferGo.com].
