> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the translink.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630125614id_/http%3A//www.translink.co.uk/Translink-Footer/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Translink

This information explains how Translink uses any information you give to us, and the ways in which we protect your privacy. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not share your information with others without your prior consent.

  **The Data Protection Act**

Under the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. Your data is secured by use of appropriate procedures and technologies. We do not pass on your details to any third party unless you give us permission, or we are legally permitted to do so.

  **Our use of cookies**

The Translink website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Translink.

Translink will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. 

  **Further information about cookies**

The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is an industry body that develops standard and guidelines to support online business processes. Law firm Pinsent Masons maintains the pages of aboutcookies.org, which has answers to some frequently asked questions. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. The IAB site tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.

  **Submitting personal information**

Currently, website customers provide information in order to use our services such as purchases, competitions, promotional offers and feedback queries.

When you supply any personal information to Translink we have legal obligations towards you in the way we process and handle that data. We must collect the information fairly; we must let you know how we will use it; and we must tell you in advance if we decide to pass the information on to anyone else. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.

  **Direct Marketing & user surveys**

From time to time we may send you details of Translink promotions that may be of interest to you. We may also offer you the opportunity to participate in surveys carried out by Translink that help our research into the types of service we offer. Translink will keep a record of information provided by you. Please note that any information you provide to Translink will only be used within Translink. It will never be supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent unless we are obliged by law to disclose information. When we communicate with you, we will give you the opportunity to opt out. 

  **Links to other sites**

Translink contains links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to our site, so you should always be aware when you are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any site that collects personal information.

In addition, links from this website exist for convenience and information and Translink accepts no responsibility or liability for the products, services or information contained on any such site. The existence of a link to another website does not imply or express endorsement of its provider, product or services by Translink.

  If you don’t find your concern addressed here, please contact us at [feedback@translink.co.uk](mailto:feedback@translink.co.uk).
