> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the travelconfidently.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121204144813id_/http%3A//travelconfidently.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# travelconfidently.com | Privacy Policy

Travelconfidently.com are committed to safeguarding your privacy. This privacy policy explains how we will treat any personal information you supply to us, or we collect from you on www.travelconfidently.com and its other language versions the “Websites”. Please read this policy carefully as it affects your legal rights. If you do not agree with this policy please do not use the Websites.

1\. Information collected

1.1 We may collect and store information you provide on the Websites for the purposes of:  
1.1.1 purchasing or receiving our goods or services;  
1.1.2 registering for a password protected login for any of our services or facilities on the Websites;  
1.1.3 using the feedback facility;  
1.1.4 entering competitions, including any competitions organised and fulfilled by third parties;  
1.1.5 participating in surveys and research;  
1.1.6 completing enquiry forms;  
1.1.7 supplying us with information for publication on the Websites;  
and  
1.1.8 any other communication you have with us for any other reason  
1.2 We may also collect and store information about your computer and about your visits to and use of the Websites (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views).

2\. Use of Cookies

2.1 We may gather information about your use of the Websites by using a cookie file. When used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. The cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.  
2.2 When used, a session cookie will keep track of you whilst you navigate the Websites.  
2.3 When used, a persistent cookie will enable the Websites to recognise you when you re-visit the Websites.  
2.4 All computers have the ability to decline cookies. Please note, should you decline cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of the Websites.  
2.5 We use cookies to analyse the use of the Websites. This enables statistical and other reports to be produced about the use of the Websites but such reports will not identify you personally.  
2.6 Our advertisers and third party suppliers whose websites can be accessed via the Websites also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) will be downloaded once you click on an advertisement on the Websites or transfer to a third party’s website.  
From time to time we may permit third party companies to set cookies on our sites for purposes which may include market research, serving advertisements, revenue tracking or to improve functionality of the site.  
The Websites may use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files may be provided by one of our Ad Management Partners – Adtech, OpenX, DoubleClick or Atlas and from time to time other similar providers. These files enable our Ad Management Partners to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The information that our Ad Management Partners collect via cookies is anonymous. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about their use of Spotlight Technology, and how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy. For more information about Atlas go to http://www.atlassolutions.com/.  
The Websites use web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. and Coremetrics, each of which uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the Websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Websites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States Of America. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. They will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google, Inc. and Coremetrics. If you wish to refuse the use of cookies by Google please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . You may also refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Websites. By using the Websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by those service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  
Third-party companies may collect and use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
Some of the advertisements you see on the Websites are generated by third party service providers. Some of these third parties generate cookies for statistical purposes on behalf of Travelconfidently.com, for example, for tracking how many unique users have seen a particular advertisement, and how many times they have seen it, and for providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. They do not contain personal information such as your name or email address Travelconfidently.com do not have access to these cookies, although, in order to provide you with a better user experience, we may use statistical information arising from the cookies provided by Yahoo! Network to build up a profile based on your browsing patterns across the Websites and third party websites that are part of the Yahoo! network. This profile enables us to make advertisements available to you that are more relevant and tailored to your interests. For example if on a previous visit you went to our restaurants pages, we might find this out from your cookie and we may then target restaurant advertisements on your subsequent visits to our sites or third party websites which we think may be of interest to you.

3\. Use of your Information

3.1 We will use your information to:  
3.1.1 administer the Websites;  
3.1.2 enable us to provide, and you to use, the goods, services, and facilities on the Websites;  
3.1.3 deliver to you any goods purchased from us;  
3.1.4 send to you statements and invoices, and to collect from you payment, for goods, services or facilities purchased from us;  
3.1.5 send to you future marketing information regarding our goods, services, facilities and other features;  
3.1.6 send to you marketing and other commercial information about the goods or services offered by our commercial partners;  
3.1.7 allow our commercial partners to contact you directly with marketing and other commercial information about their goods or services;  
3.1.8 publishing information you have supplied to us on the Websites, where you have supplied such information to us for such purposes;  
and  
3.1.9 enable us to deal with any complaints or queries raised by you.  
3.2 Please contact us at email: info@travelconfidently.com  
at any time if you do not want your information to be used in the manner set out in clauses 3.1.5 or 3.1.6 or 3.1.7 above.

4\. Sharing your information  
4.1 We may disclose your information to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.  
4.2 In addition, we may disclose information about you:  
4.2.1 to the extent that we are required to do so by law;  
4.2.2 in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;  
4.2.3 in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);  
or  
4.2.4 to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.

5\. Security of your information  
5.1 We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.  
5.2 We do not accept any responsibility for the security of data sent over the internet.  
5.3 You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential.

6\. Miscellaneous  
6.1 Where the context permits, the words “we”, “our” and “us” are a reference to travelconfidently.com.  
6.2 We may update this privacy policy from time to time and it is your responsibility to check to ensure you are aware of the contents of the most up to date policy at any given time.  
6.3 You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00).  
6.4 The Websites contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.

7\. Other  
7.1 We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>
