> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the travelmassive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180126015325id_/http%3A//travelmassive.com/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Travel Massive

We take your privacy seriously. Here's the details.
    
    
    Welcome to Travel Massive, powered by Massive Platform. www.travelmassive.com (“Website”) and associated domains, widgets or applications making up “the Service” are provided by Travel Massive P.B.C (“Us” / “We”), giving you (“User” / “You”) access to our community platform.
    
    ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
    
    Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information. By accessing the Service, You agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy so please read it carefully. We reserve the right to vary this Policy at any time by posting updated versions on this page. In addition to this Privacy Policy, please refer to our Terms of Use – your use of the Service constitutes agreement to this as well.
    
    TRAVEL MASSIVE'S PRIVACY ETHOS
    
    The following general principles outline our approach to protecting your privacy rights:
    
    1. Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
    2. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
    3. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
    4. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
    5. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
    6. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
    7. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
    8. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
    Information collection
    9. It is possible to visit Travel Massive and use a subset of site functionality without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We only collect your personally identifiable information if you voluntarily provide it to us.
    10. If you chose to register with Travel Massive, at a minimum, we require some key information to provide a basic level of service: your name and email address.
    11. Once a member, you have the option of providing additional information, to enhance the quality of this Service for both you and the larger Travel Massive community. Such items may include your date of birth, a short bio, your personal website, your profile picture and place of work.
    12. Certain information is also collected dynamically as you use the Service. We log all content generated by you on Travel Massive, as well as information you provide when contacting us. Our servers also record your Log Data (i.e. IP address, browser type, web pages visited, search terms used).
    Information use and disclosure
    13. Personally identifying information that visitors submit to our Service is used for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
    14. We reserve the right to share your personally identifiable information in the following cases:
    - Where You have consented or disclosure is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it is submitted
    - In special cases where We have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, hurting or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities
    - Where We believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure
    - With trusted third parties engaged to deliver services to Us. In this instance Your information will be handled in a way which is consistent with this Privacy Policy, and will not ne shared beyond the bounds of the third party’s contract with us.
    
    Please note that You are solely responsible for any non-personally identifying information / content that You post on the Website or submit by using our Service. By submitting your non-personally identifying content to us, You grant to Us and our associates an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, distribute, reproduce, store, archive, publicly perform and display Your non-personally identifying information / content in any media whatsoever and to use this for any purposes including but not limited to commercial, advertising and promotional purposes.
    
    Aside from the cases outlined above, You will be notified when Your personal information might be shared with third parties, and you will be given an opportunity to prevent Us from doing so.
    Communication you receive from us
    
    By default, we send emails to You in the following instances:
    - To confirm your site registration
    - To confirm your registration, waitlist, de-registration of an event
    - To inform you of upcoming events in Chapters you have registered for
    - To alert you that a member has followed your profile or business profile
    - To alert that a private message has been sent to you
    - To confirm a change of your password
    - Other communications set from your site settings
    
    You may also opt-in to receive communication from Us which we believe will be of interest and use to you.
    
    COOKIES
    
    Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies, which are industry standard and are used by most Web sites, including those operated by us, can facilitate a user's ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to provide a better, more tailored level of service to You. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature.
    
    PROMOTIONS
    
    We may periodically offer You an opportunity to participate in promotions (i.e. surveys, contests, sweepstakes). Information collected for this purpose will be subject to the same conditions applied in other areas of the Service.
    Links to other sites
    
    We provide links to other websites. These linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked to our website.
    
    CHILDREN
    
    You must be at least 14 years of age to use the Service. If We become aware that someone failing this requirement has provided us with personally identifying information, we will delete it immediately. Concerned guardians can contact Us at info@travelmassive.com.
    
    INFORMATION SECURITY
    
    We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our Service, and we review and update our security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
    Enquiries
    
    Travel Massive takes the rights of its members seriously. If you have concerns or questions with regard to this Privacy Policy please contact Travel Massive at info@travelmassive.com.
    
