> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the travelsupermarket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180815025056id_/https%3A//www.moneysupermarket.com/legal/privacy-policy/%3Fsource%3DTS) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Moneysupermarket.com Privacy Policy

6\. Who do we share your personal information with?

When you use any of our Services, we may disclose your personal information to the following parties:

1.     **other members of the Moneysupermarket Group  **(excluding MoneySavingExpert.com) in accordance with section 4;

2.     **MoneySavingExpert.com** : (i) to communicate with you, including (if you consent) sending you information about products and services which may be of interest to you; (ii) to speed up form filling, or to personalise, or improve your experience on its website, mobile applications or other similar devices, channels or applications; or (iii) in accordance with its [ **privacy policy**](http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/site/privacy-policy "MoneySavingExpert.com").

3.     **our partners  **including companies whose products or services are included on our Sites, with a view to them: (i) providing you with an online quote or eligibility score for the product/service requested by you. When these companies use your personal information in this way, they will be acting as data controllers of your information and therefore we advise you to read your chosen provider's Privacy Policy; and/or (ii) using our customer insight products to understand customer behaviours and develop their product offerings.  Some partners with whom we share your information may use it to carry out research such as analysis of market trends and customer demographics and to customise and develop the product/service which they offer to you or other individuals in the future;

4.     **our channel operators** : whilst the majority of the channels on our Sites are run by us, some of our channels are designed and maintained for us by our service providers. We may receive your personal information from these service providers and use it in accordance with section 4 above.  We will only use the personal information we receive from third parties where the relevant third party can show that it was collected and processed in accordance with the law;

5.     **other service providers  **that we engage to help us provide certain services and/or functionality, such as whether products are suitable for you. These include:

(i)              Capital One plc ("Capital One") and HD Decisions - an Experian business ("HD") and other credit cards and loans providers, who in turn partner with the following UK credit reference agencies: Callcredit Limited ("Callcredit"), Equifax Limited ("Equifax") and Experian Ltd ("Experian") from time to time to enable our Eligibility Checker services. If you use our Eligibility Checker services, a credit report will be generated by carrying out a 'soft' credit check.  Soft credit checks allow you to get quotes without affecting your credit rating.  The soft credit checks will be used by Capital One and HD and other providers, to match against those providers' own lending criteria. We will then use Capital One and HD's and other providers, information to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan. Soft credit checks are visible on your credit report but do not show up in the same way as a 'hard' check.  Note that your credit report will not be provided to you directly and we will not receive it either.  For further information about how your details will be used please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and [ **Capital One's and HD's**](http://www.moneysupermarket.com/credit-cards/terms-general-consent/) own terms and conditions; and

(ii)            UnderwriteMe Limited who will process your personal data to provide fully and partially underwritten life insurance quotations and to deal with enquiries relating to your policy, statistical purposes, claims management and the prevention and detection of fraud. Where required by law, regulatory requirement or for the prevention or detection of a crime UnderwriteMe may share your personal information with (i) UnderwriteMe’s group companies and (ii) our life insurance providers. UnderwriteMe will also use data which has been anonymized for underwriting, claims, pricing research and helping UnderwriteMe better understand consumer behavior;

6.     **the Financial Conduct Authority  **and/or other regulatory/governing bodies, for the purposes of compliance monitoring;

7.     **the DVLA** : if you give us your driving licence number when obtaining a motor insurance quote, it may be submitted to the DVLA MyLicence service  in order to verify the status of your (or any named driver's) licence and entitlement along with any relevant restriction information, endorsement and/or conviction data. The insurers may carry out the searches themselves or we may perform them and then pass the results to the insurers.  These driving licence searches may be made when you first use our Services and subsequently throughout the duration of your insurance policy. These searches will not show on your (or your named driver's) DVLA driving licence record. Carrying out these searches may help insurers to prevent fraud and reduce the need for insurers to cancel policies for negligent misrepresentation and non-disclosure of important information.  For details of the information about you that the DVLA may hold, please see [ **http://www.mylicence.org.uk/**](http://www.mylicence.org.uk/);

Where permitted by data protection and privacy law, we may also disclose information about you (including electronic identifiers such as IP addresses) and/or access your account:

8.     if required or permitted to do so by law;

9.     if required to do so by any court, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Competition and Markets Authority or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, Governmental or law enforcement agency;

10.  if necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings; and/or

11.  in connection with the sale or potential sale of all or part of our business.

If we reasonably believe false or inaccurate information has been provided and fraud is suspected, details may be passed to fraud prevention agencies to prevent fraud and money laundering.

**Who might our providers share your personal  information with?**

Some of our providers will use your personal information to **assess your circumstances** (including information about any third party who is named on the policy) and verify the information that you have provided before providing a quote to you. 

Some providers may carry out checks with **fraud prevention** and credit reference agencies, both when you first run your quote and at renewal (insurers generally run these checks to ensure that they and credit providers have the necessary facts to assess your insurance risk, verify your identity, help prevent fraud and to provide you with their best premium and payment options).  If providers do these checks, they will be quotation searches only, but will be visible to other organisations. Both public data (e.g. the electoral roll) and private data (e.g. your personal credit history) may be checked in this way.

Some providers may carry out **checks against data they already hold on you** , (or is held by the company whose brand they administer the product for, or members of their group of companies) such as data from existing products, account data, data from previous product transactions, accounts you may hold with them or loyalty scheme data to share with insurers in order to determine your premium.

Providers may also exchange data with **certain industry databases** such as the No Claims Discount Database, the Motor Insurance Anti-Fraud and Theft Register, the Claims and Underwriting Exchange (which holds records of incidents reported to insurers that may or may not have resulted in a claim) and the Hunter Database (a central insurance and claims checking system).  If providers carry out these searches, a record of the search will appear on your credit report. 

Some providers may also check **public and private higher education sources** to obtain information about your educational background. 

This information exchange allows providers to verify the information that is provided during the quote process (including information about any third party who is named on the policy), and also helps to detect fraudulent claims. 

Providers may also share information with **insurance underwriters**. These checks are not unique to users of our Services - they may also be carried out if you obtain quotes from other sources.

If you decide to enter into a contract with a provider through any of the Sites, the information you have provided to us, together with any further information requested by, and supplied by you or us to the provider, will be held by the provider for the purposes set out in that provider's privacy policy. Therefore, **you are strongly advised to read your chosen provider's privacy policy** and satisfy yourself as to the purposes for which the provider will use your personal information before entering into the contract. We have no responsibility for the uses to which a provider puts your personal information.
