> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the traveltriangle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180412153831id_/http%3A//traveltriangle.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TravelTriangle

Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited **(“we/ us/ our/ TT”)** values the trust which a customer **(“you/ your”)** places in TT and our website,traveltriangle.com **(“Website”)**. Hence, we insist upon the highest standard of practices to ensure security of transactions and utmost privacy of customer information. We respect your need to understand how information furnished by you is being collected, used, disclosed, transferred and stored by us. In this regard, please read this privacy policy **(“Policy”)** to get familiarized about our information gathering and dissemination practice.   
We assure you of our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your priceless information. The Policy contains information about the Website and the 'Travel Triangle' android and iOS app (such applications are collectively referred as the **“App”** ). In order to endow you with the uninterrupted use of our services, we may collect and, in some circumstances, disclose information about you.   
If you do not agree to the terms in this Policy, we kindly ask you to leave the site.   
If you have any questions or concerns, regarding this privacy policy, you should contact our Customer Support Desk at support@TravelTriangle.com. 

  1. **Notification of Modifications and Changes to the Policy**  
We reserve the right to change the terms of the Policy from time to time, as seem fit, without any intimation to you, and your continued use of the Website or App will signify your acceptance of any amendment to these terms. You are therefore advised to re-read the terms of the Policy on a regular basis. Should it be that you do not accept any of the modifications or amendments to the terms of the Policy, you may terminate your use of our services immediately. 
  2. **Collection of Personal Information**  
We collect your personally identifiable information including but not limited to your (i) name; (ii) e-mail address; (iii) contact number; (iv) residential address; (v) credit/debit/bank account details; (vi) internet protocol **(“IP”)** address, in the following circumstances: 
    * When you make a reservation, or opt for a package from our Website or App or through the aid of our customer service team;
    * When you register with us, make a requisition for information pertaining to holiday packages, subscribe to our newsletters, enter competitions, share with us your experience or provide any other details in relation to a holiday package availed by you, send us queries or register for promotions;
    * When you set up a free account on our Website or App or participate in surveys or provide us your feedback; and
    * When you engage with us in any online or offline event or portray your interest on any page hosted by us on a third-party platform or location or voluntarily provide your details for our promotions.
While you can browse certain sections of our Website or App, prior to registering as a member, certain activities (such as placing an order) requires mandatory registration1. We may use your contact information for sending you (i) offers based on your previous orders and your interests, (ii) payment reminder notices, (iii) travel vouchers and (iv) updates on the travel sector through our newsletters. In the event, you do not wish to receive such information, you may unsubscribe through the facility in the email message you receive. 
  3. **Use of Demographic and Profile Data**  
We use personal information to provide the services that you request. To the extent we use your information including personal information to market our products and services to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We may use your personal information for the following purposes, including but not limited to: (i) resolve disputes; (ii) troubleshoot problems; (iii) promote a safe service; (iv) collect fees owed to us; (v) cater to consumer interests while providing our services, (vi) inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; (vii) customize your experience; (viii) detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; (ix) enforce our terms and conditions; (x) conduct research and analysis for improvising customer experience; (xi) to conduct periodical audit; (xii) contact you to send important information or notices etc. and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.   
In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we may, from time to time, collect and analyse demographic and profile data about your activity on our Website and App. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website and App. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We may occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys, which may require you to provide your contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor your experience at our Website and App, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display the relevant content according to your preferences. 
  4. **Cookies**  
We use our as well as third parties’ data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Website and App. "Cookies" are small files stored on your hard drive that assist us in providing services customized to your requirements, interests and preferences. We also offer certain features which are only available through the use of a "cookie". Cookies may be used whether you choose to register with us or not. Third party vendors such as www.google.com (Google) may use cookies to serve advertisements based on your visits to this website. You may visit the website of the third party and choose to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising, if the third party offers such an option. We place both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer's hard drive. However, such cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information. 
  5. **Sharing of Personal Information**  
We may share the personal information, obtained from you, with our other corporate entities and affiliates to:   
(i) help detect and prevent identity theft,  
(ii) fraud and other potentially illegal acts;  
(iii) co-relate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services;  
(iv) to facilitate joint or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity.  
Those entities and affiliates may not market to you as a result of such sharing of personal information by us, unless you explicitly opt-in. We may disclose personal information in the following circumstances:  
(i) if required to do so by law or by law enforcement offices for investigating any civil or criminal offences; or  
(ii) if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.  
(iii) to legal, financial or other professional advisors of TT, or  
(iv) to enforce our terms of the Policy;  
(v) to respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or  
(vi) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of the users of our Website and App, or the general public.  
We may share our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent and/or subsidiaries or business partners that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. Such data will be shared for the sole purpose of enhancing your browsing experience. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. It is possible that we and/or our group companies could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such an event occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service and the entity with which such information is being shared, will be required to follow this Policy with respect to your personal information. 
  6. **Sharing of Travel Photos or Videos**  
By voluntarily submitting your travel photos or videos to TT after availing our services, either on our Website or App or through email or any other medium of communication to us, you grant to TT, a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, and sub-licensable, license to edit, telecast, re-run, reproduce, use, syndicate, print and distribute the materials you submit, or any portion thereof, in or in connection with TT and any of its affiliates’ websites, programming, platforms and/or App (the manner, mode and extent of which are subject to change without notice to you), in any manner, and in any medium or forum. You represent and warrant to TT that you have the full legal right, power and authority to grant the aforementioned license to TT. You further agree that your submission(s), and the exercise of the rights granted herein, pursuant to the aforesaid terms, do not and will not violate any applicable laws or regulations, or cause a breach of any agreement(s) entered by you with any third parties, and that none of the submission(s) will infringe any copyright, invade any right of privacy, right of publicity, contain any libellous or slanderous material, or infringe or violate any other intellectual property right or other right (including common law rights) of any other person or entity. 
  7. **Security Precautions**  
Our Website and App have stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession, we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access.   
As soon as the you declare the intent to avail any of the services offered by us on the Website or App, the Website or App, as the case may be, shall transfer the control to a specified and authentic payment gateway [PayU, Citrus, EBS, PayTm ] that takes your credit card or debit card or other banking information and processes the payment transaction. 
  8. **Choice to Opt-Out**  
If you so desire, you may opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our partners, and from us, in general, after setting up an account. You may also contact us, at support@TravelTriangle.com, to unsubscribe to our newsletters, publications or any other material.   
Further, please note that all information, including personal information provided by you is voluntary in nature. You may, at any time, withdraw your consent, in accordance with this Policy. However, in the event you withdraw consent to provide information, including personal information, you agree that you will no longer be permitted to use our services.   
You can also access, modify, correct and eliminate information provided by you which has been collected by us. We will not retain any personal information for a longer period than is required for the purposes for which the personal information may lawfully be used or is otherwise required under any other law for the time being in force.   
In the event you are not agreeable to the terms and conditions under this Policy and you are presently availing our services, we request you to kindly withdraw your consent or modify your information, by writing to us, at support@TravelTriangle.com, and uninstall our App through which you may be availing our services. 
  9. **Advertisements On Our Website**  
We may use third-party advertising websites to serve advertisements when you visit our Website and App. Such websites may use information including your personal information in order to provide advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you. We cannot confirm or guarantee or take responsibility for the privacy practices or policies of such third-party advertising websites. We disclaim any liability towards any losses due to privacy infringement or other causes that you may suffer pursuant to access of such third-party advertising websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the relevant third-party advertising websites prior to accessing them. 
  10. **Confidentiality**  
You further acknowledge that we may provide you certain information (apart from information available on the Website and App, which is under public domain) which is designated confidential by us. You agree that you shall not disclose such confidential information without our prior written consent. Further, your information shall be regarded as confidential and therefore, will not be divulged to any third party, unless if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities or otherwise permitted in terms of this Policy. 
  11. **Disclaimer**  
As a user of the Website and App, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Website and App, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Website and App. Your use of site is subjected to our Policy. If you do not agree to this, we kindly request you not to use this portal. 
  12. **Grievance Officer**  
In case you have any grievance, please feel free to write to our Grievance Officer, are provided below:.   
Mr. Saurav Patro  
Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited  
3rd Floor & 4th Floor, Dynamic House,  
Plot no-29, Sector-18,  
Gurugram-122015, Haryana, India  
Contact: 1800 123 5555  
Email: customercare@traveltriangle.com 


