> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the travelocity.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170201092006id_/https%3A//www.travelocity.ca/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Travelocity.ca Privacy Policy

## Travelocity.ca Privacy Policy

As a user of the web sites, mobile applications and services of Travelocity (collectively, the "Travelocity Service"), you are in control of your travel-planning. We know you want to remain in control of your personal information as well. As one of the pioneers in online travel, we realize that earning and retaining your trust is of paramount importance and it's a responsibility we take very seriously.   
That's why we've provided this Privacy Policy, which sets forth Travelocity's policies regarding the collection, use and protection of the personal information of those using the Travelocity Service. Personal information means information that can identify you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and billing information (such as your credit card number and expiration date).   
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy, and become familiar with it, but you should know that **we do not sell or rent our customers' personal information to third parties**.   
Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we make changes to the policy in connection with that review. Therefore, you may wish to periodically review this page to make sure that you have the current version. Click here to read about how we may supplement or change this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via this [link](mailto:travelocity@Travelocity.com).   
This Privacy Policy explains the following: 

  * What personal information we collect and how we use it
  * How cookies and similar technologies are used on the Travelocity Service
  * How Travelocity uses location information
  * With whom your personal information is shared 
  * How you can opt-out of receiving our promotional e-mails
  * How you can update or correct your personal information
  * What safeguards we have in place to protect your personal information
  * Visiting our website from outside the United States
  * Other information you should know about your privacy



## What personal information does Travelocity collect and how is it used?

You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless and until you choose to make a purchase or sign up for one of our e-mail newsletters or other services as described below. We do not knowingly permit the Travelocity Service to be used by any person under the age of eighteen and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children (meaning those younger than thirteen years of age). A valid credit card is required to make a purchase using the Travelocity Service. 

_Making a Purchase_  
In order to book travel using the Travelocity Service, you must provide us with certain personal information such as your name, your credit card number and expiration date, your credit card billing address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the name or names of any person(s) traveling with you. When booking an air ticket or travel package that includes air travel, you must also provide us with your date of birth and gender. You may also provide us with other information, such as your frequent traveller numbers, requests for special services or meal requests. We require this information so that we can process, fulfill and confirm your reservations and transactions and keep you informed of their status. If you are making a reservation for one or more other travellers, you will need to make sure that each of these other travellers agrees, in advance, that you may disclose their personal information to us. For your convenience, we make certain information about your reservation available to you or other persons authorized by you to receive such information. For example, if you forget your flight number, you or another person authorized by you may retrieve that information from us after confirming your or their identity. 

_Express Consent To Receive Pre-Recorded And Text Messages_  
When you book travel using the Travelocity Service, you must provide us with a contact telephone number and email address. We may use that telephone number or email address in the event that we need to inform you of changes or other matters that may affect your booking or trip, such as changes due to flight delays, inclement weather, and cancellations. We may use an automatic telephone dialing system, or artificial or prerecorded voice messages to provide you with such updates. When you provide us with a mobile telephone number as the contact number for a trip, you agree that you are providing us with your express consent to receive prerecorded voice messages from Travelocity or our third party suppliers and content providers (""Third Party Suppliers"") related to your booking. If you do not wish to receive these trip updates on your mobile phone, please provide us with another telephone number. 

_Member Registration_  
If you choose to register as a member of Travelocity, you must provide your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, a unique login name (if different from your e-mail address), password, and password validation, and a password hint to help you remember your password. We may collect this information for several reasons including: (i) personal identification; (ii) to complete air, hotel, car, and other reservations; (iii) to allow us to contact you for customer service purposes, if necessary; (iv) to customize the content of the Travelocity Service to meet your specific needs; and (v) to make product improvements to the Travelocity Service. In addition, we need your e-mail address to confirm your new member registration and each reservation you make using the Travelocity Service. 

_Member Profile_  
As a Travelocity member, you can choose to complete your online profile by providing us with travel preferences, frequent-traveller or affinity numbers, payment card billing information, paper ticket delivery address, special requests, meal requests, profiles of your travel companions (such as your family members who travel with you), and other information, which may include personal information. This information is primarily used to assist you in making reservations quickly without having to type in the same information again. For example, you can store your airline frequent-flyer numbers and those of your travel companions so that when your make a reservation on that airline using the Travelocity Service, we can automatically complete the frequent-flyer number input boxes for you. It is your responsibility to obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing with their personal information and travel preferences. 

_TSA Secure Flight_  
Under the U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Secure Flight program, most air passengers are now required to provide their full name, date of birth, and gender (plus redress number, when applicable).   
Secure Flight is a federally mandated program administered by the TSA. _The privacy notice of the TSA is as follows_ :  
The Transportation Security Administration of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security requires aircraft operators to collect information from you for purposes of watch list screening, under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, and the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004. Providing this information is voluntary; however, if it is not provided, you may be subject to additional screening or denied transport or authorization to enter a sterile area. TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice. For more on TSA Privacy policies, or to view the system of records notice and the privacy impact assessment, please see TSA's Web site at [www.tsa.gov](http://www.tsa.gov/). 

_Newsletters and FareWatcher Plus ℠_  
Travelocity's newsletter and our FareWatcher Plus service are optional communications you may choose to subscribe to that keep you up to date with the latest special travel deals and low airfares. FareWatcher Plus tracks the prices of airline tickets to your favourite places. When the price for one of your favourite trips declines by a specified amount, Travelocity will notify you of the change via e-mail. Your e-mail address and preferred round trip city pairs are necessary to receive FareWatcher Plus e-mails. 

_Online Surveys_  
Travelocity values opinions and comments from members, so we may from time to time conduct online surveys. Participation in these surveys is optional. Typically, we aggregate the information we collect and use it to make improvements to the Travelocity Service and to develop appealing content, features and promotions for customers. Survey participants are anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey. 

_Promotions & Sweepstakes_  
Travelocity may sponsor promotions and sweepstakes to give customers the opportunity to win great travel and prizes. The information we may collect for such activities can include historical bookings made, historical shopping behaviour, contact information and survey questions. We may use the contact information we receive to notify contest winners and we use survey information to develop promotions and product improvements to the Travelocity Service.   
_Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services_  
Travelocity may share your personal information with third parties when you engage in certain activities on our site that are sponsored by third parties, such as electing to receive information or communications from a third party (such as a hotel company or a tourism board for a particular destination), or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, games or other programs sponsored in whole or in part by a third party. Travelocity may also share your personal information when you respond to promotional materials from Travelocity and authorize a third party to use your personal information for purposes such as sending you additional promotional materials, providing you a product or service, or entering you in a contest, sweepstakes or game. We refer to all of these activities and requests as "Sponsored Activities." When you participate in Sponsored Activities, you will either be required or requested to agree that Travelocity may send your personal information (such as, in some cases, your mailing address or e-mail address) to the sponsor, and the sponsor may use your personal information in accordance with the sponsor's privacy practices. In each case described in this section, Travelocity will only share your personal information after receiving your consent. You should know that when Travelocity shares your personal information with a third party under any circumstance described in this section, your personal information will become permanently subject to the privacy policy of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by Travelocity's Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information. 

_Automatic Logging of Session Data_  
We automatically log generic information about your computer and your computer's connection to the Internet, which we call "session data". Session data consists of things such as device information, IP address, operating system and browser software information, and the activities conducted by the user while using the Travelocity Service. An IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet, such as our web servers, know where to send data back to the user, such as the pages of the site the user wishes to view. We collect session data because it helps us analyze such things as what items visitors are likely to click on most, the way visitors are clicking through the site, how many visitors are surfing to various pages on the site, how long visitors to the site are staying and how often they are visiting. It also helps us diagnose problems with our servers and lets us better administer our systems. It is possible to determine from an IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the approximate geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. We may also use some session data, such as the pages you visited on our site, to send you e-mail messages (such as "Good Day to Buy") focused on destinations that you may be interested in, unless you had previously opted out of receiving such messages. We also use session data to help prevent fraud or unauthorized use of our site. 

_Submitted Content_  
You can contribute to the Travelocity Service in a number of different ways, including by providing journals, recommendations, reviews, opinions, news articles, directories, guides, text, photographs, illustrations, graphics, logos, audio clips, images, information, data, photographs, software, messages, ideas, comments, questions, or other materials for public display on the Travelocity Service (your "Submitted Content"). Note that if you include personally identifiable information in your Submitted Content, it can be used and viewed by others. We are not responsible for the information you choose to include in your Submitted Content. 

_Third Party Services_  
We may allow you to access third party services, such as Facebook and Twitter, that enable you to share your selected Submitted Content with those services, to import information about who you are connected with on those other services so you can connect with them using the Travelocity Service and to perform certain other tasks. Where we provide such functionality, you can always opt out on your account page. Some of those third party services may also provide us with information from your accounts there to enhance and personalize your use of the Travelocity Service. For example, you can allow Facebook to tell us who your Facebook friends are so you can follow their activity on the Travelocity Service. You can also further modify your privacy settings with those other services directly. For example, you can adjust your privacy settings on Facebook to prevent your Facebook friends from sharing information with us about you from their Facebook accounts. 

In addition, if you link your Travelocity account to your social media account, or use certain other Travelocity social media features, we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with the provider’s policies. The information may include your name, email address, profile picture, gender, list of friends, and other information that you authorize us to receive. Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends, we may access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective locations (“Location Data”) to provide you with relevant content. Please note that your Location Data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider. 

## How are cookies and similar technologies used on the Travelocity Service?

_Cookies_  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to serve you better and more efficiently. Travelocity uses cookies to personalize your experience using the Travelocity Service. For example, we use cookies to allow you to log in without having to type your log-in name each time you visit the Travelocity Service (only your password is needed); let us know if you are a FareWatcher Plus participant or a Travelocity VIP; help us remember your preferred language and departure city; and so forth. We may also use such cookies to display customized content and advertising to you while you are using the Travelocity Service or to send you a "Good Day to Buy" email (or similar emails -- assuming you have not opted-out) focusing on destinations that we think you might be interested in. Cookies also help us measure and research the effectiveness of our offerings, advertisements, and email communications (by, for example, determining which emails you open and act upon). 

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing the options on your web browser or using certain software programs, you can control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your browser. Travelocity supports your right to block any unwanted Internet activity, especially that of unscrupulous websites. However, blocking Travelocity cookies may disable certain features on our site and may make it impossible to purchase or use certain services available on the site. Please note that it is possible to block cookie activity from certain web sites while permitting cookies from sites you trust, like Travelocity. 

In addition to the above cookies, we use Local Shared Objects, also referred to as "flash cookies," on our web site. These are used to enhance your user experience, for example, by storing your user preferences and settings, such as your volume/mute settings, and in connection with animated content on our website. Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies, but can store data more complex than simple text. By themselves, they cannot do anything to or with the data on your computer. To find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them, please visit: <http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html>. 

We may also use Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or Web bugs), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are placed in the code of a Web page. We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, and to improve site performance. We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings. 

If you do not want to accept cookies or Web beacons, you can access the travel services we offer “offline” by booking travel through our call center. Please call 1-855-201-7800 to speak to a representative personally. 

_Advertising Data Collected By Us to Display Relevant Advertising to You_  
Travelocity is committed to providing you with relevant content and information. To do this, we may, through cookies and other technologies, collect information about your travel-related searches, such as whether you are looking for flights or hotel rooms. We use this information, together with other information we have collected, to display ads to you on our website or elsewhere online, that match your apparent interests. So, for example, if you search for a hotel room in Hawaii using the Travelocity Service, you may see an advertisement for a Hawaii travel package on our sites or on another website you visit. 

You can choose not to receive customized online advertising on other websites, that is based on your travel-related searches on this website, through the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) or the [Digital Advertising Alliance.](http://www.aboutads.info/)  
_Advertising Data Collected By Business Partners and Ad Networks to Display Relevant Advertising to You_  
The advertisements you see on the Travelocity Service are served by us or by our service providers. But we also allow third parties may collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies. We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information about you via the advertisements they serve on the Travelocity Service. These third parties include (1) business partners, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites and (2) advertising networks (and their partners), which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet. The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about you, your interests or preferences and to display advertisements the Travelocity Service and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. 

Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies and other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, through which you may opt out of ad targeting from their member companies. To learn more, please visit [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) or the [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/). 

_Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising._ Like other companies operating online, Travelocity participates in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest (such as travel). These topics of interest are then shared with third parties, including advertisers and ad networks, so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests. We do not share personal information (such as your email address) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site. Please click [here](http://www.bluekai.com/consumers.php) to learn more about cookie-based exchanges, including how to opt out of having your information used by these exchanges. 

## How does Travelocity use location-specific information?

If you use our location-enabled products and services, such as our mobile applications, you may be sending us Location Data. This information may reveal your actual location, such as GPS data, or it may not, such as when you submit an address to look at hotel choices in that location. We use your location information to process and personalize your requests, such as by pre-filling the city name when you are searching for travel options (such as a nearby hotel or other travel related service). We also use location information for support, to develop new features, a better user experience and to improve the overall quality of the Travelocity Service. 

_Other_  
From time to time we may add or enhance services available using the Travelocity Service. To the extent these services are provided and used by you, we will use the information you provide to facilitate the service requested. For example, if you email us with a question, we will use information such as your email address, name and the nature of the question, to respond to your question. We may also store such information to assist us in making the Travelocity Service better and easier to use. 

## With whom will my personal information be shared?

When you book travel using the Travelocity Service, we provide to the airline, hotel, car-rental company or other involved Third Party Supplier that portion of your personal information that is needed for the successful fulfillment and servicing of your travel arrangements. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such Third Party Suppliers as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy. 

We use third parties to provide a portion of the services and technology that make up the Travelocity Service. Travelocity provides these third parties with access to personal information specifically for use in connection with providing such services and/or technology. 

Occasionally, we use third parties to act on our behalf for projects such as market-research surveys and contest-entry processing, or will contract with third parties to provide co-branded products, such as a Travelocity credit card. We may provide personal information to such third parties in connection with providing such services and products to us or on our behalf. 

The information we provide to third parties who provide us with services, act on our behalf, or provide co-branded products is protected by confidentiality agreements and is to be used solely for the purpose(s) permitted by such agreements. 

We may also share personal information with our parent company, Expedia, Inc., and corporate affiliates, including Hotwire and hotels.com, as well as international corporate affiliates such as Expedia.co.uk. 

We use non-personal information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our customers and visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our site. We may provide anonymous statistical information based on this data to suppliers, advertisers, affiliates and other current and potential business partners. We may also use such aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites. We may also provide non-personal information in aggregate form to third parties who provide a portion of the services and/or technology that make up the Travelocity Service so they can optimize, maintain, support and improve the Travelocity Service. 

We may also disclose personal information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authority, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including, without limitation, to protect the rights or properties of Travelocity or its affiliated companies or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. Finally, we may share your information in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. 

We may be required to disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies and governments around the world for security, customs, and immigration purposes. For example, under U.S. Law, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Bureau of Customs and Border Protection requires that certain travel and reservation information, known as Passenger Name Record or PNR data, relating to people travelling to or from the U.S.A., or through U.S. airspace, be provided to the Department prior to such travel. We may disclose this information to airlines or other travel providers so that they can forward it to the applicable law enforcement agencies and governments 

## How can I opt-out of receiving your promotional emails?

## Our Opt-out Policy

As a Travelocity member and/or customer you will also occasionally receive updates from us about fare sales in your area, special offers, new Travelocity services, newsletters, and other noteworthy items. We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative. Of course, if you would rather not receive a particular communication, please click on the "opt-out" link in our e-mail, or follow the instructions in each e-mail message. You may also unsubscribe from all Travelocity promotional communications and FareWatcher Plus by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in our e-mail. You can also unsubscribe from FareWatcher Plus service or from all Travelocity promotional email by editing your preferences in the Travelocity Email Preference Center, which is accessible either through the “My Account” page or via link in email. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as notifications about your trip or your account. Because this information is important to your interaction with Travelocity, you may not opt-out of receiving these communications. If using a mobile device, you may be able to configure the settings on the device not to provide location-specific information. However, if your device is configured to provide location-specific information, it is not possible at this time for you to opt-out of our gathering of such information via your mobile device. 

## How can I update or correct my personal information?

At any time, you can view and/or update your service preferences for our promotional e-mails or FareWatcher Plus services. You can also update your personal profile, which includes member registration and travel preferences information, through "My Account" - accessible via "My Account" on the Travelocity home page. You may request that account information be deleted or deactivated for marketing purposes by e-mailing us via this [link](mailto:travelocity@Travelocity.com). and referencing the Privacy Policy-Deactivate Account in the subject line. Because of the way we maintain certain files, after you update your information or request that your account be deactivated for marketing purposes, residual copies of your information may remain in our active servers for a period of time and may remain in our backup systems. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical. Information may also be retained as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. . 

## What safeguards are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?

While no website can promise complete security, we have implemented administrative, technical, and physical security procedures designed to protect the personal information you provide to us. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may only do so for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information. 

## Data Storage outside of Canada

Please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated as well as other countries. The data protection and other laws of the United States and these other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, by using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. 

## What other information should I know about my privacy?

When using the Travelocity Service, you will see links to third party web sites, applications and services. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you will be using another company's web site, application or service. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy. Of course, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and your Travelocity membership account information. Please be very careful, responsible, and alert with this information, especially whenever you're online. 

If you are referred to this web site from another web site (for example through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one), we may share limited information about you with that referring web site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here. 

We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, login name, or password, in an unsecure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to us. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority. For more information about phishing, you may want to visit the RCMP website at http://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/scams/phishing_e.htm. 

This Privacy Policy was last revised on 22 January, 2015. We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes in the way we use personal information will be described in future versions of this Privacy Policy. If any proposed change is unacceptable to you, you may request that we remove your personal information from our records by e-mailing us via this [link](mailto:travelocity@Travelocity.com). Also, please review the information above under the heading "How can I update or correct my personal information?" Of course, you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices via email by clicking on the same link. Please reference the privacy policy in your subject line. You can also write to us at: Travelocity, 3150 Sabre Drive, Southlake, Texas 76092 Attn: Privacy Team. 

  


## Thank you for using the Travelocity Service! 
