> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the travel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181007001721id_/https%3A//www.travel.com/en/information/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TRAVEL.COM

TRAVEL.COM does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. Users may create public user profiles by their own choice. Except as required by law, TRAVEL.COM will not give out personal user data to third parties. However,TRAVEL.COM reserves the right to contact members of our database for verification purposes. 

TRAVEL.COM reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. TRAVEL.COM will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. 

Also, users should be aware that TRAVEL.COM may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a TRAVEL.COM site. TRAVEL.COM is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. 

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the TRAVEL.COM sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of TRAVEL.COM. 

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of TRAVEL.COM's internet servers or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. 

Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that TRAVEL.COM cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for TRAVEL.COM. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature. However, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the TRAVEL.COM site. 

TRAVEL.COM currently does not have any mailing lists. Upon request, TRAVEL.COM will allow any user to "opt out" of future promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, TRAVEL.COM will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. 

The foregoing policies are effective as of July 1, 1999. TRAVEL.COM reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 
