> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the macbb.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150426220123id_/http%3A//macbb.org/macbborg/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ::MacBB::

  * MacBB recognizes that you care about the personal information that is held about you and how it is used.
  * MacBB pages may contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of such websites.
  * Even if you browse a site without specifically entering any personal data, your browser usually provides any server with your IP address, the type of browser and operating system, the date and time of access, the pages you visit, as well as additional information related to your visit. This information does not identify you personally and cannot be linked back to you unless you decide to identify yourself.
  * This privacy policy applies to all personal data submitted by you to the MacBB web site.
  * To register to MacBB you need to submit a chosen name and a valid permanent email address. No personal information, such as full name, mailing address, phone number, or financial information is requested, collected, or stored by us.
  * During the registration process, we may check your email address, user name and IP against external public databases in order to identify "spammers". No information about you besides email address, user name and IP is accessible by the database providers.
  * MacBB stores and reads cookies to and from your computer. Cookies are small text identifiers that we transfer to your computer through your Web browser to enable our website features to recognize your browser when you return. By using this website, you agree that our webserver may both place cookies on your machine and access them at any time during your session. In general, cookies are safe and are not a security issue when being used from 'trusted' internet sites, such as MacBB. For information on how to manage cookies in your browser, please visit [AboutCookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=2)
  * MacBB will not sell, rent or distribute any data held without your prior permission or consent, unless required to do so by legislation with specific jurisdiction over the server's physical location.
  * All other information provided by you goes into a "public profile" and is entirely optional, all information held in that profile is held there at your own risk. You have the right for the personal information held at MacBB to be updated or deleted at your choosing. Most of this can be done through your User Control Panel, but if you need assistance with this, please contact us.
  * If you choose to donate to MacBB via PayPal, PayPal may ask you to provide further information (including credit or debit card details) which is retained by PayPal and will not be passed on to us. We advise you to read the Terms and Condition and Privacy Policy on the PayPal site for further information on what information will be required and the way PayPal will use it.
  * MacBB will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all personal information about you submitted to us is maintained securely on our server.
  * This site is intended for individuals over the age of 13. Any information collected is intended to be of individuals over the age of 13. According to [COPPA](http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/coppafaqs.shtm), our site does NOT cater to children. "Operators of commercial websites or online services directed to children under 13 that collect personal information from children" require a COPPA agreement and privacy policy. Since we are neither based in the USA nor cater to this age group, no COPPA exists on MacBB
  * This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check this page for updates or changes. If you have any questions regarding your privacy, then [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/sendmessage.php)


