> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the macgamefiles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080615210805id_/http%3A//www.macgamefiles.com/policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Macgamefiles.com: Privacy Policy

   
Privacy Policy

Macgamefiles.com respects each individual user's right to privacy. Macgamefiles.com does not collect personal identifying information unless such information is specifically and knowingly provided from users during contests, surveys, sweepstakes, site registration, or use of public areas, such as a forum. Macgamefiles.com may use aggregate forms of this information -- not individual data -- for marketing and promotional purposes. Macgamefiles.com does not supply identifying information to other companies, or uses such information for its own purposes including but not limited to email newsletters, unless the user "opts-in" for such purposes by specifically allowing usage. (Identifying information must necessarily be used when notifying a user of requested information, such as notification of a winning entry in a contest or sweepstakes.) Macgamefiles.com is not responsible for any actions or policies of such companies.

Macgamefiles.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure. However, Macgamefiles.com is not responsible for any breach of security. If an Macgamefiles.com user knowingly provides personal information, such as a name or email address, in a forum or other public service, that user should be aware that the information provided can be collected and used by third parties. Such activities are beyond our control.

Non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of Macgamefiles.com' Internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a web site places on your computer's hard drive to recognize repeat users and facilitate the user's use of the site. Also, cookies allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data for content improvement, targeted advertising, and marketing and promotional purposes. Users should be aware that Macgamefiles.com cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or other third parties. Most browsers allow a user to deny cookies; however, users should note that cookies may be required to provide certain web site features.

Macgamefiles.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time by posting notice of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
