> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the machinefinder.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140430090921id_/http%3A//www.machinefinder.com/ww/en-US/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# John Deere Privacy and Data US Policies

  * ##  [Policies and Statements](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/policies_statements/en_US/data_principles/business_data_commitment.page?)

  * ###  [Privacy and Data](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/privacy_and_data_us.page?)




[Policies and Statements](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/policies_statements/en_US/data_principles/business_data_commitment.page) / Privacy and Data

The Enterprise Privacy Statement tab provides John Deere's global personal information and machine data policy. For a quick overview of this policy, please see the Privacy Summary tab.

While the Enterprise Privacy Statement applies to personal information and machine data globally, additional privacy statements may also apply based upon country location and/or data type. Links to these statements can be found in the Additional Privacy Statements tab.

Finally, the Contact Information tab provides country and an enterprise contact that can provide additional information on our privacy practices.

1\. Privacy Summary

2\. Enterprise Privacy Statement

3\. Additional Privacy Statements

4\. Contact Information

##  1 

## Privacy Summary

### Personal Information & Machine Data

John Deere and its controlled affiliates collect Contact Information, Relationship Information, Transaction Information, and Financial Account Information (collectively, Personal Information) from you when you purchase products or services, obtain financing, register at our websites or otherwise interact with us. We may obtain Personal Information from third parties to enhance our files or as needed to complete transactions.

We may collect information using Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies. This information is treated as Personal Information if we associate it with your Personal Information.

We may also collect Machine Data from equipment. Machine Data is data generated by, collected by, or stored in your equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with your equipment.

### Uses and Disclosures

We use Personal Information for a variety of Purposes, including to provide you products, services, financing, customer support, product safety, marketing, promotions, and for our everyday business purposes.

We do not generally share Personal Information and Machine Data with other companies for their own use. We may, however, share Personal Information and Machine Data with our affiliates, suppliers, dealerships, and business partners, who may use the information and data for the Purposes above and detailed in the "Enterprise Privacy Statement" tab. We may also provide Personal Information and Machine Data to companies who are performing services for us. Additionally, we may disclose Personal Information and Machine Data where required by law or in connection with the sale of part or all of our business.

### Your Choices

You can limit the information you provide to us. Additionally, you can limit the communications that we send to you by contacting us using the contact information below or in the "Contact Information" tab.

### Other Information

We have a formal information security program to protect Personal Information and Machine Data.

We may transfer Personal Information and Machine Data to the US or to other countries, but we always respect your privacy.

For additional information on our privacy practices, please see the "Enterprise Privacy Statement" tab or contact us.

### How to Contact Us

 **USA or Canada  
**  
Privacy Manager

Center for Global Business Conduct

Deere & Company

One John Deere Place

Moline, Illinois 61265-8089 USA

[PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@johndeere.com)

 

 **Canada** For John Deere Canada ULC and all affiliates other than John Deere Financial: 

Chief Privacy Officer  
John Deere Canada ULC  
P.O. Box 1000  
Grimsby, Ontario, L9K 1M3

For John Deere Financial: 

Chief Privacy Officer  
John Deere Financial  
1001 Champlain Avenue  
Suite 401  
Burlington, Ontario L7L 5Z4 

##  2 

## Enterprise Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement explains how John Deere and its controlled affiliates collect, use and disclose Personal Information and Machine Data. This Statement also answers specific questions that you may have regarding the privacy and security of collected information and data. If you have additional questions, please contact us at [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com). 

This Statement applies to Personal Information and Machine Data collected, used and disclosed by John Deere and its controlled affiliates. Additional privacy statements apply. For starters, John Deere provides financial and insurance products that generally require the collection of extra Personal Information. Privacy statements related to such products may be accessed in the "Additional Privacy Statements" tab. John Deere and its controlled affiliates around the world may also have additional privacy statements as needed to comply with local laws. Country specific privacy statements may also be found in the "Additional Privacy Statements" tab. Finally, John Deere products are distributed through our network of John Deere dealers and distributors, independently owned and operated businesses, which may have their own privacy policies.

1.       Types of Information & Data We Collect 

2.       How John Deere Collects Information & Data

3.       How John Deere uses Information & Data (the "Purposes")

4.       Why Information & Data are Disclosed by John Deere

5.       Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies

6.       Tell-A-Friend Functions

7.       Your Choices

8.       Access and Correction 

9.       Information & Data Security 

10.    Transfer of Information & Data to Other Countries 

11.    Privacy Policies of Third Parties

12.    Children's Privacy 

13.    Forums, Product Reviews and Other Public Areas

14.    Job Applicants

15.    Changes to this Statement

16.    How to Contact Us

### 1\. Types of Information & Data We Collect

John Deere and its controlled affiliates collect "Personal Information" and "Machine Data."

**Personal Information** is information that can be used to identify, locate or contact you. It also includes other information about you that we tie to Personal Information. John Deere and its controlled affiliates collect the following types of Personal Information:

  * **Contact Information** that allows us to identify and to communicate with you, such as your name, phone number, username, mailing address, email address, and language preference.
  * **Relationship Information** that helps us understand who you are and what you want in order to offer you products and services that may interest you, such as property, farm or business information, your general location, and other demographic information.
  * **Transaction Information** about how you interact with us, our dealers and business partners, including purchases, inquiries, and customer accounts.
  * **Financial Account Information** as needed to complete your purchase, such as your credit card information and information about equipment financing and leasing activities.



**Machine Data** is data generated by, collected by, or stored in your equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with your equipment. Machine data includes the location of your equipment, the number of engine hours of your equipment, data regarding equipment operation (such as quantity of fuel used), and equipment diagnostic data.

### 2\. How John Deere Collects Information & Data

 **Directly From You:**

We collect Personal Information directly from you. We will ask you for Personal Information (e.g. Contact Information and Relationship Information) when you interact with us, such as when you register on our websites, sign up to receive a newsletter, or make a purchase. We may collect additional Relationship Information from third party data suppliers who enhance our files and help us better understand our customers, or from social media sites such as Facebook, if you "Like" our pages or join our communities. We also collect Personal Information when you use our mobile applications or contact us, such as for customer service purposes.

**From Our Controlled Affiliates, Dealers, and Other Business Partners:**

When you purchase or lease a product or obtain financing, we collect Personal Information (e.g. Transaction Information and Financial Account Information) from our dealers and financial affiliates. We may also collect Personal Information from third parties (such as when we obtain credit information or need to verify information that you have provided) in order to complete your purchase or grant financing.

**From Our Website:**

If you interact with us online, we use cookies and other technological tools to collect information about your computer and your use of our website and applications. We treat this information as Personal Information when it is associated with your Contact Information. For more information about cookies and other technologies, please see the section Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies below.

**From Your Equipment:**

If your equipment settings allow it, we collect Machine Data from your equipment or devices via the JDLink™ Telematics Service, Service ADVISOR™, or other similar services. We may also receive location data from your smartphone or other geo-aware device. We treat this information as Personal Information if it is associated with your Contact Information.

### 3\. How John Deere Uses Information & Data (the "Purposes")

John Deere uses Personal Information and Machine Data for a variety of purposes, including:

  * **Customer Service:** to fulfill orders for products or services, and for other services related to your order, such as product delivery, maintenance, warranty service, financing, leasing, and credit services;
  * **Product and Customer Support:** to provide support, including monitoring and managing the health of your machines, to deliver upgrades and product improvement program communications, and for diagnostics and repairs, product safety and recalls;
  * **Marketing:** to provide you with communications and offers for products and services from John Deere or our dealers, suppliers and partners, including offers based on your interests, personal and business characteristics and location;
  * **Surveys & Promotional Events:** to administer surveys, polls, sweepstakes, contests, loyalty programs and other promotional events;
  * **Eligibility:** to determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or offers;
  * **Communications:** to provide you with information that may be of interest, such as John Deere news, company magazines (such as _The Furrow_ and _Homestead_ ), catalogs, announcements, reminders, and technical service bulletins; and
  * **Manage Our Everyday Business Needs:** such as payment processing and financial account management, product development, product safety, contract management, website administration, web-forum management, order or contract fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.



### 4\. Why Information & Data are Disclosed by John Deere

John Deere understands that you may not want us to provide Personal Information and Machine Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes. We limit our sharing of Personal Information and Machine Data as follows:

  * We may share Personal Information and Machine Data with our affiliated companies, suppliers, authorized John Deere dealers and distributors, and business partners, which may use it for the Purposes listed above.
  * We may also share Personal Information and Machine Data with our service providers to fulfill the Purposes on our behalf. Our service providers are bound by law or contract to protect the information and data, and to only use it in accordance with our instructions.
  * We may disclose Personal Information and Machine Data where needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets, to enforce our rights, protect our property, or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will also disclose Personal Information and Machine Data when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate.



Please note that we may also disclose information and data about you that is not personally identifiable. For example, we may publish reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our customers and equipment. These reports do not contain information that would enable the recipient to contact, locate or identify you.

### 5\. Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies

When you visit our website or use our mobile applications, we collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.

For example, when you visit our website, we place cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return. They also help us provide a customized experience and enable us to detect certain kinds of fraud.

John Deere uses Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects), Microsoft Silverlight and similar technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience. The Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows rapid development of dynamic content, such as video clips and animation. Flash cookies (and similar applications) use technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies, but these are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. To manage Flash and Silverlight cookies, please see Adobe's and Microsoft's websites.

Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.

We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. Our server logs also may record the IP address or derivative of the device you use to connect to the Internet. An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to John Deere and the website you visit after you leave our site.

In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about website users to optimize our websites and to understand website traffic patterns.

In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your Personal Information. Additionally, if the settings on your geo-aware mobile devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically. This Statement governs how we use all of this information when we associate it with your Personal Information.

John Deere has relationships with third party advertising companies to perform tracking and reporting functions for our web processing. These third party advertising companies may place cookies on your computer so that they can display targeted advertisements to you. These third party advertising companies should not collect Personal Information in this process, and we do not give Personal Information to them as part of this process.

### 6\. Tell-A-Friend Functions 

John Deere offers "tell-a-friend" functionality on our websites. If you choose to use this function, we will automatically send your friend a one-time email with the information you specified and invite him or her to visit the website. John Deere uses this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and does not retain the information.

### 7\. Your Choices 

You can limit the information you provide to John Deere. You can also limit the communications that John Deere sends to you. To opt-out of marketing emails, you can visit our website and communicate your choice to the relevant privacy contact. Alternatively, you may opt-out of receiving future marketing emails by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of marketing emails we send you.

Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing material, we may still need to contact you with important Transactional Information about your account or your equipment. For example, even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we will still send you a confirmation when you purchase something from our website as well as product safety communications.

You can manage cookie preferences and opt-out of having cookies and other similar collection technologies used by adjusting the settings on your browser or interface. All browsers and interfaces are different, so visit the "help" section of your browser or interface to learn about cookie preferences and other privacy settings that may be available.

You can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share location information with John Deere, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.

You can also opt-out of sharing Machine Data with John Deere. To do this, either log into the JDLink website and decline the online Telematics System Contract or ask your John Deere dealer to terminate the JDLink service on your machine. Please note that if you cancel the JDLink service, you will no longer have access to Machine Data. Additionally, John Deere will not be able to provide you with products or services that require telematics access, such as Deere Fleet Care services and Service ADVISOR™ Remote connections for diagnostic and software updates.

If you have any questions about your choices or if you need any assistance with opting-out, please contact us via email to [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@deere.com). You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and information about the communications that you do not want to receive.

### 8\. Access and Correction 

John Deere complies with applicable law regarding your ability to access, correct and delete your Personal Information. If you have an online account, you may be able to log into your account to access and update certain information you provided to us.  If you need assistance updating or deleting your Personal Information, please contact us via email to [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@deere.com). You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and detailed information about the change you would like to make.

### 9\. Information & Data Security

John Deere has implemented an information and data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information and Machine Data. For example, we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure your Financial Account Information and other sensitive Personal Information when it is being collected and transmitted over the Internet.

### 10\. Transfer of Information & Data to Other Countries

Deere & Company is headquartered in the United States of America and its controlled affiliates are located in various countries throughout the world. Personal Information and Machine Data may be accessed by or transferred to the United States or to our controlled affiliates and data processors elsewhere in the world for the Purposes described in this Privacy Statement. When we access or transfer Personal Information and Machine Data, we do so in compliance with applicable law. Additionally, we protect the privacy and security of Personal Information and Machine Data, regardless of where it is processed or stored.

### 11\. Privacy Policies of Third Parties

This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information and data by John Deere. Other websites that may be accessible through this website have their own privacy policies and practices. Our independent dealers, suppliers and business partners have their own privacy policies and practices too. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.

### 12\. Children's Privacy 

The John Deere website and applications are not intended to collect Personal Information from children. If you believe your child is using our website, please contact us at [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@deere.com) so we can investigate and delete any inappropriate information.

### 13\. Forums, Product Reviews and Other Public Areas

Our website contains forum and other areas where you can publicly post product reviews, communicate with others, and submit media content. Prior to posting in these areas, please read the applicable "Terms of Use" carefully. You have no privacy rights in public postings. All information you post will be accessible to anyone with Internet access, and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a product review, you may receive unsolicited messages. Please use caution when posting any Personal Information.

### 14\. Job Applicants

If you have applied for employment with John Deere, the Personal Information submitted with your job application will be used for recruitment and other internal human resources purposes.

### 15\. Changes to this Privacy Statement

From time to time, we may update this Privacy Statement to reflect new or different privacy practices. We will place a notice on our homepage when we make material changes to this Privacy Statement. Additionally, if the changes will materially affect the way we use or disclose previously collected Personal Information, we may also notify you about the change by sending a notice to you.

### 16\. How to Contact Us

Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement. You can reach us online at [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@deere.com). You can reach us via mail directed to:

Privacy Manager

Center for Global Business Conduct

Deere & Company

One John Deere Place

Moline, Illinois 61265-8089 USA

Alternatively, you may visit the "Contact Information" tab for the contact information for the country where you are located.

##  3 

## Additional Privacy Statements

  1. [John Deere Financial United States Privacy Statement](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/privacy_and_data_us_jdfinancialprivacystatement.page)
    * [Privacy Notice - Multi-use Account](https://web.archive.org/privacy_and_data/docs/pdfs/multiuse_privacy.pdf)
    * [Privacy Notice - Revolving Account](https://web.archive.org/privacy_and_data/docs/pdfs/jdfr_privacy.pdf)
    * [Privacy Notice - Installment Account](https://web.archive.org/privacy_and_data/docs/pdfs/installment_privacy.pdf)
    * [Privacy Notice - Budget Billing Account](https://web.archive.org/privacy_and_data/docs/pdfs/budgetbilling_privacy.pdf)
  2. Canadian Privacy Statement 
    * [English](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/privacy_and_data_us_canadianprivacystatement.page)
    * [French  
](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/privacy_and_data_us_frenchcanadianprivacystatement.page)
  3. [John Deere Insurance Company Privacy Statement](https://web.archive.org/wps/dcom/privacy_and_data/privacy_and_data_us_jdfinancialriskprotectionprivacystatement.page)



[Please see other country websites for additional statements](http://www.deere.com/en_US/deerecom/index.html).

##  4 

## Contact Information

GLOBAL PRIVACY OFFICE:  
---  
       Privacy Manager  
       Office of Corporate Compliance  
       Deere & Company  
       One John Deere Place   
       Moline, Illinois 61265-8098

       [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com)  
  
   
NORTH AMERICA:  
**Canada For John  Deere Canada ULC   
and all affiliates other than John Deere Financial:  
**Chief Privacy Officer  
John Deere Canada ULC  
P.O. Box 1000  
Grimsby, Ontario, L9K 1M3  
Phone:1-905-945-9281  
Fax: 1-905-945-7311

 **For John  Deere Financial:  
**Chief Privacy Officer  
John Deere Financial  
Suite 401, 1001 Champlain Avenue  
Burlington, Ontario L7L5Z4  
Phone: 1-800-321-3766  
Fax: 1-888-446-1890

 **México/Centroamérica**

Privacy Manager - Mexico   
Alejandro Ortega   
Blvd. Díaz Ordaz número 500  
Colonia La Leona, Código Postal 66210  
San Pedro Garza García, Nuevo León MEXICO

**USA/Canada  
** Privacy Manager  
Center for Global Business Conduct  
Deere & Company  
One John Deere Place  
Moline, Illinois 61265-8098 USA

[PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com)  
  
   
LATIN AMERICA & CARIBBEAN:  
      Industrias John Deere Argentina SA,  
      E-Marketing Department,   
      John Orsetti 481, (S2152CFA)  
      Grenadier Baigorria,   
      Province of Santa Fe – Argentina  
   
EUROPE:  
     

     John Deere GmbH & Co. KG  
     Region 2 Sales & Marketing Center  
     Datenschutzbeauftragter  
     John-Deere-Straße 70  
     68163 Mannheim, Germany

     Telephone: +49 621 829 - 01   
     Fax:  +49 621 829-45-8300

  
     E-Mail: [R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com](mailto:R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com)  
  
   
AFRICA:  
Privacy Manager  
Center for Global Business Conduct  
Deere  & Company  
One John Deere Place  
Moline, Illinois 61265-8098 USA

[PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@johndeere.com)

 **South Africa  
** Deere & Company European Office  
Data Protection Officer  
John-Deere-Strasse 70  
68163 Mannheim, GERMANY  
Phone: (0621)829-01  
Fax: (0621) 829-45-8300  
[R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com](mailto:R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com)  
  
   
MIDDLE EAST – Near & Middle East:  
      Deere & Company European Office  
      Data Protection Officer   
      John-Deere-Strasse 70  
      68163 Mannheim, Germany  
      Telephone: (0621) 829 - 01   
      Fax: (0621) 829-45-8300 

      [R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com ](mailto:R2DataPrivacyManager2@JohnDeere.com)  
  
   
ASIA:  
       Privacy Manager  
       Center for Global Business Conduct  
       Deere  & Company  
       One John Deere Place  
       Moline, Illinois 61265-8098 USA

       [PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com](mailto:privacymanager@johndeere.com)  
  
   
AUSTRALIA & NEW ZEALAND:  
         
Privacy Officer  
John Deere Financial Limited  
166-170 Magnesium Drive  
CRESTMEAD QLD 4132  
or  
PO Box 1544  
BROWNS PLAINS BC QLD 4118  
Ph: 1-800-857-057  
Fax:(07) 3802 3142  
Email[:23JDFinancial@JohnDeere.com](mailito:23JDFinancial@JohnDeere.com)

 John Deere Limited - Head Office  
166-170 Magnesium Drive  
Deere  & Company  
Crestmead, Queensland 4132, AUSTRALIA

 **Australia** :  
Free call: 1800 800 981 / Phone: +61 7 3802 3222  
 **New Zealand** :  
Free call: 0800 303 100  
  
**Last Updated:  24 April 2014**
