> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the macupdate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229093901id_/http%3A//www.macupdate.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy : MacUpdate

Last Updated: March 2011 

MacUpdate respects the privacy of the visitors to its website. In order to view our site, it is not necessary that you provide us with any personally identifiable information about yourself, although access and use of certain content on our site and member features do require that you provide personally identifiable information. We also require users who wish to purchase products or services from our website to create a free membership account that contains personally identifiable information. We recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they may provide to us, and how we treat that information. For this reason, we utilize industry standard security and encryption technologies for the transferring and storage of any personally identifiable information. By using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information, including your personally identifiable information, by MacUpdate and/or to trusted partners of MacUpdate in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy in effect at that time. Please also see our website's Terms of Use for other terms and conditions governing your use of our website and our products and services. You acknowledge that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy without prior notice or liability to you. Any changes to this Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on our website. For this reason, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please contact us. 

We sell third-party software via MacUpdate Promo (MUPromo). When you purchase an offer from MUPromo, we share your name and email address with the respective developer/publisher (MUPromo partner) of the offer you purchase. This is done in order to accurately register you as a valid buyer of the software with the MUPromo partner and, in some cases, to generate your serial number (when serial numbers are based on your name and/or email address). MUPromo partners may email you with first-party offers from time to time; all partners support and respect any opt-out requests from future communications and provide opt-out links in any correspondence they send you. 
