> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lizlockard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519210428id_/http%3A//www.lizlockard.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Liz Lockard Marketing Consulting

[Home](http://www.lizlockard.com/) » Privacy Policy

##  Privacy Policy 

### Privacy Policy

Effective Date: May 2012

The following Privacy Policy outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the lizlockard.com website (the “Site”), and the ways in which we use this information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us or that we may collect offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we’ll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.

**How We Collect and Use Information**

We may collect and store personal or other information that you voluntarily supply to us online while using the Site (e.g., while on the Site or in responding via email to a feature provided on the Site). Lizlockard.com only contacts individuals who specifically request that we do so or in the event that they have signed up to receive our free newsletters or have purchased one of our products or services. Lizlockard.com collects personally identifying information from our users during online registration and online purchasing. Generally, this information includes name and e-mail address for registration to receive our free newsletters and name, postal address, and credit card information when purchasing our products. All of this information is provided to us by you.

We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate online through the Site.

Lizlockard.com uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United State. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

The Site also may use web beacons (single-pixel graphic files also known as “transparent GIFs”) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages.

We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features. We also may provide your information to third parties, such as service providers and contractors, for a variety of purposes. For example, we have partnered with other companies to personalize our Web pages, process credit card transactions, collect debts, analyze and enhance data, including customers’ interaction with our site, and process consumer surveys. In the course of providing such services, these other companies may have access to your personal information. These companies are not permitted to use your personal information except for the purpose of providing the services we request of them.

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online – for example on message boards, web logs, through email, blog comments or in chat areas – that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.

The Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase third-party products or services through the Site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.

We may also make some content, products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third-party providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with such content, products and/or services. We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly, in which cases the privacy policy of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner’s use of your information. The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information.

Be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of the Site or the public.

Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or one or more of our websites is acquired by another company, information about our users may be among the transferred assets.

**Disclaimer**

Although it is highly unlikely, This policy may be changed at any time at our discretion. If we should update this policy, we will post the updates to this page on our Website.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please [contact us](http://www.lizlockard.com/contact/ "Contact").
