> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the irishgenealogy.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141204023133id_/http%3A//www.irishgenealogy.ie/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Irish Genealogy

##  [ Cookie and Privacy Policy](http://www.irishgenealogy.ie/en/privacy-policy)

  * [ Print ](http://www.irishgenealogy.ie/en/privacy-policy?tmpl=component&print=1&page= "Print")



## General Statement

This policy establishes how The Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht will use information we gather about you from your visit to our website. The privacy of our customers is of utmost importance to us. We fully respect your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission.

## Right to Refuse Cookies

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Collection and Use of Technical Information

We may collect and store general information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different pages of our website to help make them more useful to visitors. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:

  1. the Internet domain (for example, 'xcompany.com' if you use a private Internet access account, or 'yourschool.edu' if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website
  2. the type of browser and operating system used to access our site
  3. the date and time you access our site
  4. the pages you visit
  5. if you visited this Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht website from a link on another website, the address of that website.



In short the technical information will be used only by The Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes.

## Collection and Use of Personal Information

The information that you provide on The Irish Genealogy website will be used only for its stated purpose. By sending us an e-mail message, you may be sending us personal information such as your name, address, and e-mail address. We may store your name, address and e-mail address in order to respond to your request or otherwise resolve the subject matter of the e-mail.

The Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate technical details with any individual. It is our policy never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party, unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law.
