> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hasoffers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-08-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100826040530id_/http%3A//www.hasoffers.com/hasoffers-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HasOffers Privacy Policy | HasOffers

Effective Date: May 1, 2009

Thank you for visiting the Has Offers website located at www.hasoffers.com (the "Site"). The Site is an Internet property of Adapp, Inc., a Delaware State corporation ("Adapp," "we" or "us"). Adapp is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors' personally identifiable information. We provide this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used by us. You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access or use our Site; and/or (b) subscribe to any of the Adapp affiliate network management products and/or services (the "Services") offered on the Site(each, a "Subscription"). If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety, you are not authorized to become a subscriber ("Subscriber") to the Services and/or use the Site in any manner or form whatsoever.

**Privacy Policies Used in Connection with Your Subscription.** Potential affiliates that sign up for the affiliate program that you establish by and through the Services do so from links on your website or via a Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") supplied to you via the Services (collectively, "Subscription Website"). Such affiliates' information is stored on the password-protected portal established by and through the Services. Adapp will not access the affiliate information stored on your password-protected portal unless you specifically request that we do so. You are solely responsible for choosing a privacy policy to govern your affiliate program, and uploading same to the applicable areas of your Subscription Website. Adapp is in no way responsible for the collection, storage, use and/or distribution of any data that submitted by and through your Subscription Website.

**Personally Identifiable Information.** We collect personally identifiable information on the Site when you attempt to become a Subscriber or otherwise choose to provide personally identifiable information to us. Personally identifiable information is any information that can be used to identify or locate a particular person or entity. This may include, but is not limited to: business entity name and/or your title with the applicable business entity, as well as your personal and/or business entity related e-mail address, mailing address, daytime and/or cellular telephone numbers, fax number, credit card and/or any other information requested on the applicable Subscriber registration form. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, your credit card shall be considered "Sensitive Information."

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit many of the Site's pages, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows '98 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Site usage.

**Cookies.** To enhance your experience with the Site, we use "cookies." Cookies are small packets of data stored on your computer. Cookies are used by your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information. We use cookies to understand Site usage and to improve the content and offerings on the Site. You may set your browser to warn you that cookies are in use, or to block the use of cookies. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. If your browser is not set to accept cookies, certain uses of the Site may require you to go to your browser user preferences to enable cookies. Each browser is different, so check the ''Help'' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you change computers, operating systems or browsers, or use multiple computers or browsers, you will need to repeat this process for each computer and each browser. To find out more about cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com.

**Use of Information.** We use your personally identifiable information: (a) to send you information regarding Adapp and your Subscription to the Services; (b) to track your compliance with the Has Offers Website Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions"); (c) Has Offers Services Agreement ("Services Agreement"); and/or (d) for validation, suppression, content improvement and feedback purposes. You agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the Services and request for information regarding additional Adapp products and/or services.

**Information Sharing.** As a general rule, and other than in connection with the limited exceptions set forth below, Adapp will not sell, share or rent your personally identifiable information to or with others. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Adapp may, from time to time, provide such information to certain third-party administrative vendors for efficiency purposes in providing administrative or program management services in connection with your Subscription to the Services such as billing and delivery. Any third-party vendor so used has agreed to protect the confidentiality of information provided by Adapp.

Further, Adapp reserves the right to share your personally identifiable information: (a) where required by law, or requested by a court of competent jurisdiction; (b) in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Adapp's business, assets or stock; (c) where you are in violation of this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions and/or Services Agreement; (d) in the case of a dispute; or (e) where Adapp determines, in its sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights of Adapp and/or a third party, or necessary to protect Adapp from liability of any kind. The aforementioned includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.

**Third Party Links.** The Site may contain links to third-party websites ("Third Party Websites"). Please be aware that Adapp is not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.

**Minors.** We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. Adapp will never knowingly collect any personal information about individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. If Adapp obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about an individual under eighteen (18) years of age, that information will be immediately deleted from its database.

**Security.** We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users' information. When users submit personally identifiable information at the Site, their personally identifiable information is protected both online and offline. When our registration process asks users to submit Sensitive Information (such as bank account information), and when we transmit such Sensitive Information, that Sensitive Information is encrypted and protected with SSL encryption software. While we use SSL encryption to protect Sensitive Information online, we protect all other user information online and offline. The servers that we store personally identifiable information in are kept in a secure physical environment. We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of personally identifiable information under our control.

Please be advised that, although we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our Site is at your own risk. However, access to your personally identifiable information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. Only employees, and third party agents, that need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user information. Employees not adhering to our written firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personally identifiable information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

**Deleting and Updating Your Information.** If you would like to delete or update the personally identifiable information that we have collected from you, simply send your request via certified mail to: Adapp, Inc., 2220 Western Avenue, Seattle, WA 98121. You may also send your request via e-mail to: info@adappsolutions.com.

We will process your request, where possible and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, within a reasonable period of time after receipt. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

**Opting Out of Receiving E-mail.** You may at any time choose to stop receiving emails containing general information regarding Has Offers and/or Adapp by following the instructions at the end of each such email or by contacting us at optout@adappsolutions.com. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your Subscription to the Services, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you.

**Notification of Changes.** Adapp reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a clear and conspicuous notice on the Site explaining that we are changing our Privacy Policy. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check the Site periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and/or acceptance of our e-mail communications following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes.

**Contact Us.** If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us at: info@adappsolutions.com.
