> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the haste.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190708150718id_/https%3A//haste.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Haste

**PRIVACY POLICY**

**Effective Date: June 28, 2017**

Thalonet, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Haste (“ **us** ,” “ **our** ”, “ **we** ,”), is the owner of this website (this “ **Site** ”) and the Haste Pro™ and Haste Rewards™ software (collectively, the “ **Software** ”). Your access to and use of the Site, the Software, and/or the services made available through the Site, Software and our other applications, or otherwise obtained through the use of this Site, Software or our applications, including all beta services (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. **By using the Services, you agree to the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent to our tracking, collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.**

1\.    Information We Collect.

a.     _Information You Give Us_. When you access the Services, we may ask you to voluntarily provide us certain information that personally identifies (or could be used to personally identify) you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, without limitation, some of the following categories of information: (1) contact data (such as your e­mail address and phone number); (2) demographic data (such as your gender, your zip code, and age); (3) your billing information; (4) information about your game play (including, without limitation, your location, network performance, game statistics, network statistics, network path, hardware configuration, network traffic, record of performance, and connectivity to the rest of the Internet); (5) questions, comments, and other information you provide on our private or public internet-based community sites and user forums, and (6) other information that you voluntarily choose to provide to us, including without limitation, unique identifiers such as passwords, and personal information that you send to us. You may still access and use some of the Services if you choose not to provide us with any Personal Information, but the features of the Services that require your Personal Information will not be accessible to you. We may also collect additional information, which may be Personal Information, as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent and share this information with our business partners in order to provide the Services to you and as otherwise set forth herein.

b.     _Information Gathered from Your Use of the Services_. We automatically collect certain data when you use the Services, such as (1) IP address; (2) domain server; (3) type of device(s) used to access the Services; (4) web browser(s) used to access the Services; (5) referring webpage or other source through which you accessed the Services; (6) geolocation information; (7) beta use information, (8) information about your game play (including, without limitation, your location, network performance, game statistics, network statistics, network path, hardware configuration, network traffic, record of performance, and connectivity to the rest of the Internet); and (9) other statistics and information associated with the interaction between your browser or device and the Services (collectively “Traffic Data”). Depending on applicable law, some Traffic Data may be Personal Information.

2\.    How We Collect Information. We collect information, including Personal Information and Traffic Data, when you register on the Site, install, use and interact with the Services, fill out a form, use live chat, surf the Site, enter information on our Site, or provide us with feedback on our Services, as well as through Cookies, Web Beacons, website analytics services and other tracking technology (collectively, “Tracking Tools”) as described below. We also may collect information about you from third party sources.

3\.    Tracking Tools. 

a.     _Cookies_ : “Cookies” are small computer files transferred to your computing device that contain information such as user ID, user preferences, lists of pages visited and activities conducted while using the Services. We use Cookies to help us improve the Services by tracking your navigation habits, storing your authentication status so you do not have to re­enter your credentials each time you use the Services, customizing your experience with the Services and for analytics and fraud prevention. You can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services. Please note that we may continue to collect information about your use of the Services even after you have opted out of allowing Cookies. For more information on cookies, visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

b.     _Web Beacons_ : “Web Beacons” (a.k.a. clear GIFs or pixel tags) are tiny graphic image files embedded in a web page or email that may be used to collect anonymous information about your use of our Services, the websites of selected advertisers and the emails, special promotions or newsletters that we send you. The information collected by Web Beacons allows us to monitor how many people are using the Services or opening our emails, and for what purpose.

c.     _Website Analytics_ : We may use third-party website analytics services in connection with the Services, including, for example, to record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity and text that you type into the Site. These website analytics services generally do not collect Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide it and generally do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use their services. We use the information collected from these services to help make the Services easier to use and as otherwise set forth herein.

4\.    Information Provided by or on Behalf of Children. The Services are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age and children under age 13 are prohibited from using the Services. By accessing, using and/or submitting information to or through the Services, you represent that you are at least 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under 13. If we learn that we have received or inadvertently gathered any information from a child under age 13, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his/her parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that he/she cannot use the Services and we will subsequently use reasonable efforts to delete that information from our records.

5\.    Use of Information. We use your information, including Personal Information, to provide the Services to you and to help improve them, including to contact you when necessary or requested and to prevent, detect and investigate security breaches and potentially illegal or prohibited activities. We may use information that is not Personal Information (including Personal Information that has been de­identified and/or aggregated) for marketing, advertising, or any other uses in our sole discretion.

6\.    Disclosure of Information. We may disclose and/or transfer certain information that we collect from you (which may include Personal Information and/or Traffic Data) as follows: (a) to our business partners who perform core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, data storage or security) related to our operation of the Services and/or by making certain features available to our users; (b) to our business partners who perform website analytics; (c) to another company in connection with a merger, sale, acquisition or other change of ownership or control by or of us (whether in whole or in part), in which case we will use reasonable efforts to notify you via email and will post a notice on the Site alerting you to the business transition prior to transferring your Personal Information and before your information becomes subject to materially different privacy and security policies and practices; and (d) if we determine in good faith that such disclosure is needed to: (1) comply with applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process; (2) protect our rights, property or safety or that of another party; (3) enforce other agreements with you; or (4) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates third party rights. We may disclose information that is not Personal Information (including Personal Information that has been de­identified and/or aggregated) to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses in our sole discretion. If you do not want us to disclose such information, you may opt-out by discontinuing your use of the Services and uninstalling the Software. We may also provide your Personal Information (excluding billing information) to our third-party marketing partners (“ **Direct Marketers** ”) so that they can directly inform you about products or services which may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with such partners, you may opt-out by emailing us at _thirdpartyoptout@haste.net_.

7\.    Public Information. Any information that you post in chat rooms or message boards on the Site or reveal in a review of the Services to us or on the Site or on any other website is public information and may be shared or used by us for any reason in our sole discretion.

8\.    Storage and Security of Information. While we strive to use generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure, both during transmission and in storage, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If we become aware that your Personal Information has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the nature and extent of the disclosure (to the extent we know that information) as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted or required by law.

9\.    Controlling Your Personal Information. If you are a registered user of the Services, you can modify some of the Personal Information you have included in your profile or change your username by logging in and accessing your account. You many suspend your account by selecting the suspend option from our customer portal. Please note, however, that we reserve the right to retain information from suspended accounts, including to comply with law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce any agreement between you and us, and take other actions permitted by law. You must promptly notify us if you become aware that any of your account data is lost, stolen or used without permission.

10\.    Your Sharing Options. If you do not want to receive special offers, marketing communications, advertisements, newsletters or other promotional communications (“ **Marketing Communications** “) from us via electronic mail, you may express that preference using the “unsubscribe” options available in such communications. If you wish to prevent us from sharing your Personal Information with any Direct Marketers in the future, you may always opt-out in accordance with the terms of Section 6. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take up to ten (10) business days for such opt-out to become effective. If we have shared your Personal Information with any Direct Marketers prior to our receipt of your request, we may not have the ability to prevent such Direct Marketers from continuing to use and disclose your Personal Information, including for the purpose of sending Marketing Communications to you, and you will be required to contact such third parties directly to prevent their further use and disclosure of your Personal Information. Also note that if you opt-out of our Marketing Communications, we may still email or communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with information or request information from you with respect to a transaction initiated by you, or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons, including, for example, order confirmations and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy or other agreement between you and us, if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner.

11\.    Links to Other Websites. The Services may contain links to third party websites. A link to a third-party website does not mean that we endorse that website, the quality or accuracy of information presented on the website, or the persons or entities associated with the website. If you decide to visit a third-party website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the third-party website, as applicable, and we are not responsible for the policies and practices of the third-party website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other website or digital service that you may be able to access through the Services, which may have data collection, storage and use practices and policies that may materially differ from this Privacy Policy.

12\.    Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this webpage. We will notify you of any material change by posting notice on this webpage. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. The amended Privacy Policy supersedes all previous versions. **If you do not agree such changes to this Privacy Policy, you must stop using the Services after the effective date of such changes and uninstall the Software.**

13\.    California Residents. Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code § 1798.83, California residents may ask us to provide them with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we may have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) the identity of those third parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us as provided in below (see Contact Us).

14\.    Contact Us. If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Thalonet, Inc. d/b/a Haste, Attn: CEO, 75 Fifth Street NW, Atlanta, GA 30308; or by email to: _support@haste.net_.

* * *

Version 1.1, June 1, 2017
