> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rf4game.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629180305id_/http%3A//rf4game.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Russian Fishing 4

PRIVACY POLICY

Russian Fishing 4

Russian Fishing USA, LLC (“Company,” “us” or “we”) recognizes the importance of your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for the Russian Fishing website ([http://rf4game.com](https://rf4game.com/)) and the Russian Fishing Forum ([http://rf4game.com/forum](https://rf4game.com/forum)) (collectively, the “Site”), and the game Russian Fishing 4 (“Game” and collectively with the Site, the “Services”). This Policy also covers how personal and other information that we receive or collect about you is treated. This Policy is designed to be read in connection with the Site Terms of Use, which is available at [http://rf4game.com/eula](https://rf4game.com/eula). By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by the Site’s Terms of Use and this Policy. We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on the Site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the any of the Services after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy. BY USING THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SITE.

1\. Types of Information We Collect. In order to better provide you with the Game, we collect two types of information about our users: Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Aggregate Information. PII refers to information that is specific to you individually. When you engage in certain activities through the Services, such as registering for an account, downloading or purchasing a product or service, submitting content and/or posting content, or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. Examples of PII may include your first name, last name, email address, city, state, country, postal code, telephone number, and other identifying information. Aggregate Information refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you visit the Site, what other sites may have directed you to us, and how you interact with the Game. This information, which is collected in a variety of different ways, is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that points to the site you came from, which URL you go to after visiting our Site, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.

2\. How We Collect Information. We do not collect any PII about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain PII to us when you elect to use certain products or services we provide. These may include: (a) registering for an account; (b) downloading the Game; (c) using the forum and/or chat function; (d) sending us a message; (e) submitting a form or transmitting other information; or (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information. However, note that neither the Site nor the Game processes credit cards or takes other payment processing information. Payment processing is handled through third-party services, such as Paypal.com

3\. How We Use Information. We will primarily use your PII to provide the Game to you. We will also use certain forms of PII to enhance the operation of the Services, statistically analyze Site and Game use, improve our product and service offerings, and customize our Services’ content, layout, and offerings. We may use PII to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. Finally, we may use your PII to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our agreements with you, including the Terms of Use and this Policy. We may also use certain Aggregate Information to improve our Services. For example, we may use your IP address to diagnose problems, to administer our Services, and to gather demographic information.

4\. Cookies. Depending on how you use Services, we may store cookies on your computer or device in order to collect certain aggregate data about our users and to customize certain aspects of your specific user experience. A cookie is a small data text file which is stored on your computer or device that uniquely identifies you. Cookies may also include more personalized information, such as your IP address, browser type, the server you are logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and your name. We may use cookies to perform tasks such as monitoring aggregate usage metrics, storing and remembering your passwords (if you allow us to do so), storing your preferences, and personalizing the Services for you.

5\. Release of Information. We will not sell, trade, or rent your PII to others. We do provide some of our Services, such as credit card processing, through arrangements made with affiliates, service providers, partners, and other third parties (“Service Partners”). We and our Service Partners may need to use some PII in order to perform tasks between our respective sites and services or to deliver products or services to you. The use of your PII by our Service Partners is governed the respective Service Partner’s privacy policy and is not under our control. If we are required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide PII to governmental authorities, we may disclose PII upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may also provide Aggregate Information to third parties but this Aggregate Information does not include any PII.

6\. Voluntary Disclosure. Any information you disclose in your use of the Services, including through your interaction with the forum and chat functions on the Site, are in your sole discretion and at your own risk. Any information you disclose through the forum and/or chat becomes public information and may be used by a third party. You acknowledge this advisement and accept this risk by using the forum and/or chat functions. Such activities are beyond our control and this Policy does not apply to such information.

7\. Updating and Correcting Information. We have the ability to access and edit the PII that you provide to us. You may change any of your PII in your account through the Site or Game or by contacting us using the contact information available at [http://rf4game.com/contacts](https://rf4game.com/contacts). You must promptly update your PII if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, some information, such as past transactions, logs, or other information may not be deleted. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.

8\. Security of Your PII. We take appropriate security measures to protect your PII and to prevent unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your PII. We only use your PII for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or retention requirements. We limit access to PII only to specific employees, contractors, and agents who have a reasonable need to access your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your PII, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us cannot be guaranteed.

9\. Minors. You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this Site. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose PII about minors. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you may use the Services with the express permission of your parent or legal guardian. Your parent or legal guardian controls your PII and we will respond to communications from your parent or legal guardian regarding your use of our Services.

10\. Miscellaneous. Please consult our Terms of Use for other policies regarding your use of the Services [http://rf4game.com/eula](https://rf4game.com/eula). If you have any questions, concerns, or inquiries about this Policy, or our use of your PII, or our privacy practices, please contact us using the contact information available at [http://rf4game.com/contacts](https://rf4game.com/contacts).
