> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kaseya.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150610015308id_/http%3A//www.kaseya.com/legal/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | Kaseya

Privacy Statement Effective as March 4, 2015 

Kaseya has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through the www.kaseya.com Web site and does not cover information that may be collected behind the log in on our website and information that may be collected through our mobile application. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy statement or practices, please contact us at [legal@kaseya.com](mailto:legal@kaseya.com) or +1415.694.5700. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request).

Kaseya complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union member countries and Switzerland. Kaseya has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Kaseya’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

## 1\. Overview

This privacy policy applies to www.kaseya.com owned and operated by Kaseya. (“We”, "Us”, or “Our”) respects the privacy of our customers and business partners. We recognize the need for protections and management of personal information that is provided to us or accessed by us. Kaseya has therefore established this Privacy Statement to assist you to understand what information we collect and how that information is used. This statement may change from time to time so please check back periodically. By accessing any Kaseya website, such as at http://www.kaseya.com, downloading any materials from Kaseya websites, purchasing products or services, or by providing any information to Kaseya including via Kaseya Support, Kaseya websites, e-mail addresses, or otherwise, you acknowledge and fully understand Kaseya’s Privacy Statement and consent to the information collection and use practices described herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement, do not use Kaseya websites, download any materials from them, purchase products or services or provide information to Kaseya or its affiliated or partner companies.

## 2\. Information We Collect and How We Use It

### A. Types of Information

**Log Files** : As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.

We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.

**Tracking Technologies** : Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Kaseya and our partners (e.g. marketing partners), affiliates, or analytics or service providers (e.g. online customer support provider, etc.). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

We use cookies for _our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), for authentication_. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.

**Tracking and Location Information**. Kaseya may collect and/or track certain information that is derived from your usage or from an individual’s usage of our products such as usage patterns, travel patterns, and Web site page views and traffic patterns. Kaseya may use this tracking and location information for statistical purposes to improve our products and services and to help users manage their environment and infrastructure more efficiently. When you access some of our products or when our products are deployed to mobile or stationary devices, our servers automatically record information that may include: the MAC (Media Access Controller) addresses from the network card in or used with your devices; web requests, Internet Protocol addresses, phone numbers, browser types, browser languages, the date and time of request; and other information regarding internet connection activities. In addition, the information collected and tracked depends upon the system configurations chosen by the administrator and the options enabled by the user’s and may include device location, device identifier and device username; status of the mobile device SIM card; MAC addresses and device serial numbers; phone number, signal strength, cell tower, carrier, IMEI#, and other WWAN attributes; first and last name and email address of device user; device check-out/check-in: tracking who uses which device as well as the physical status of the device at the start of a shift and then again at the end of a shift; tracking of applications loaded on the device (excluding content); real-time GPS location tracking and mapping, including analysis of location data and history; or mobile device remote control, including screen capture. The administrator can perform partial or complete erasure of data on user devices, including restoring the device to its factory default. The mechanisms that allow smartphones and mobile devices to be monitored run in the background of the devices. Individuals are notified that these functions may occur, but may not be aware when these functions are occurring in real time.

**Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting** : We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.

**Local Storage Object (HTML5)** : We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information.

<http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>

**Personal Information**. Personal information is information or data that can be used to identify or contact a specific individual, such as a name, address, telephone number or email address. Kaseya may collect, use or access certain personal information from customers, users, and business partners. Other than as set forth above, Kaseya does not collect personal information unless you choose to provide such personal information.

On Kaseya web sites you may be able to order products or services, register products, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register to a secure extranet site to obtain access to product information, support, services and training. When you create an account, we ask you to provide certain information.The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card or other financial information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, job interest data and benefit choices.

**Testimonials**. We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you want to remove your personal information that is being displayed on our website under public pages please send your request to [webmaster@kaseya.com](mailto:webmaster@kaseya.com).

**Blogs**. If you use the blog on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. _To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at_ [webmaster@kaseya.com](mailto:webmaster@kaseya.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

### B. Use of Information

We will share your personal information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Kaseya and its subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent. We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information or our customer lists to third parties. We use all the information we collect to provide and enhance the products, services and information you request to manage and operate our business, for editorial and feedback purposes, marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis, for product development and to contact you regarding our products and services. For example, we may use the information we collect for the following purposes: billing and other accounting purposes; establishing accounts and contacting you regarding important information about your account, including notices and updates; display of personalized content and advertising; information security and IT management purposes; informing you of other products or services offered by Kaseya and its affiliates; sending you relevant survey invitations; providing you with additional materials regarding Kaseya products and services or to connect you with a Kaseya representative, if necessary; responding directly to your questions, comments or requests for support; analyzing site usage, to improve and customize our web sites and products and service offers, and to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; compiling; and enforcing our agreements with you. This information enables us to accurately perform our billing functions, monitor and maintain our network, address issues that may arise concerning claims of abuse or inappropriate activity. Some of the information Kaseya collects allows us to differentiate users on our network, and in some cases, we act as a pass-through for certain pieces of personal information in order to obtain authentication to allow for Internet access. The information we collect may be combined with information obtained from other sources and other companies. We may compile, sell, and otherwise use for any purpose non personal information relating to or arising from the capabilities, problems, successes, statistics, diagnostics, inventory, composition, configuration, performance (or lack thereof) of: (a) the Software or Services; (b) Authorized Machines or any network to which an Authorized Machine is connected; or (c) any software or hardware loaded on, comprising, or used in connection with or otherwise related to any of the forgoing. In order to help provide our products, services, or information, we occasionally hire other companies to assist such as providing products or services, handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.

We may access and/or disclose any information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with any law, judicial, proceeding, government request, court order, legal process, rule or regulation or any process served on Kaseya; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Kaseya (including the enforcement of our agreements and investigation of potential violations thereof), protect your safety or the safety of others; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues ; or (d) act in urgent circumstances or emergencies. If Kaseya is acquired by or merged with a third party, we reserve the right, to sell or otherwise transfer the personal Information we have collected as part of that transaction provided that such third party continues to honor our Privacy Statement.

## 3\. Communication Preferences and Choices

You can stop the delivery of promotional e-mail or other Kaseya communications by following the instructions in the e-mail you receive or by contacting Kaseya at [webmaster@kaseya.com](mailto:webmaster@kaseya.com). These choices do not apply to the receipt of mandatory product or service communications that are considered part of certain Kaseya products or services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the product or service. Furthermore, Kaseya does not require that you provide Kaseya with personal information. The decision to provide personal information is voluntary. If you do not wish to provide the personal information requested, however, you may not be able to proceed with the activity or receive the benefit for which the personal information is being requested.

## 4\. Accessing And Changing Your Personal Information

You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below or by emailing our customer support at [webmaster@kaseya.com](mailto:webmaster@kaseya.com), and we will contact you to enable you to access your information and the opportunity to change or delete your information. To protect your privacy and security, we may require steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Kaseya will respond to your request to delete or change your personal information within 30 days.

## 5\. Third Party Policies

Related offerings with links from Kaseya’s websites have their own privacy policies that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. All Kaseya partners are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.

## 6\. Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information

Kaseya does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If Kaseya learns that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online. You should instruct children to never give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult, monitor the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate and review privacy policies to understand how your child’s information is treated. 

## 7\. Security

Kaseya takes information security very seriously and uses reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. We use a variety of security technologies depending on the situation and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure such as physical access controls, Secure Socket Layers (SSL), Internet firewalls, intrusion detection, and network monitoring. However, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your Information or assume liability for improper access to it. By using the Kaseya web site, or providing Information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically about any matter including regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues.

If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.

## 8\. Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [legal@kaseya.com](mailto:legal@kaseya.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

## 9\. Social Media Features and Widgets

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.

## 10\. Changes to this Statement

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this statement, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of Kaseya’s products, services or websites or communication with Kaseya constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any updates.

## 11\. Contacting Us

If you have questions or concerns, you should first contact the Kaseya Privacy Administrator at: [legal@kaseya.com](mailto:legal@kaseya.com); Ground Floor, One Custom House Plaza, International Financial Services Centre, Dublin 1, Ireland. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request> TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
