> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nowpublic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-04-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AXS Privacy Policy

Effective 12/8/2016

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=9fbb8f70-7ec9-49d0-bc68-85bb7b8fbfea "TRUSTe Privacy Certification")

Welcome to AXS! This website, mobile application and service is owned and operated by AXS Group LLC, and its affiliates AXS Digital LLC in the United States, and 9390936 Canada, Inc. in Canada (collectively, "AXS" or "we"). This Privacy Policy applies to our websites located at [axs.com](http://www.axs.com/), ticketingcentral.com, flashseats.com and any other website where we post these terms (the "Site(s)"), our mobile applications (the "Mobile App(s)"), our ticketing SDKs and APIs ("APIs"), and our self-service ticket kiosks (the "Kiosk(s))". The Site, Mobile App, APIs, and Kiosks are collectively referred to as the "Services."

This Privacy Policy discloses what information we may collect when you use our Services, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the [Terms of Use](http://www.axs.com/about-terms-of-use.html) for our Services. Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the [Terms of Use](http://www.axs.com/about-terms-of-use.html). Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online or through our web-enabled services (such as our Kiosks).

Through your use of any of our Services, you consent to the practices described in this Policy.

  * [Types of information that may be collected](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-1)
  * [How is this information collected and used?](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-2)
  * [How we process the information we collect](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-3)
  * [To whom the information may be disclosed](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-4)
  * [What choices do I have about AXS collecting, using, and sharing my information?](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-5)
  * [How we secure your Personal Information](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-6)
  * [Links to other Websites and Services](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-7)
  * [Frames](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-8)
  * [Single Sign-On](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-9)
  * [A special note for parents concerning privacy](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-10)
  * [International Users/Transfers](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-11)
  * [EU-US Privacy Shield](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-12)
  * [Limitation of Liability](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-13)
  * [Notification of changes and acceptance of the Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-14)
  * [Correcting, updating and removing Personal Information](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-15)
  * [Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this privacy policy?](https://web.archive.org/web/20170418133220id_/https%3A//www.axs.com/about-privacy-policy.html#us-16)



## Third parties

This Policy does not apply to information collected by or provided to third parties. For example, we often collect and transfer Personal Information to our sponsors, partners, and other third parties (collectively, "Partners") and we act as a service provider for our clients, the venues, promoters, and/or teams ("Clients") when we sell tickets on their behalf. Similarly, when using our Services you may visit other merchants (e.g. unaffiliated ticket sites) through links on our Services. Each of these parties may collect and use your Personal Information differently from us. Please take a moment to review the privacy policies of third-party sites before you disclose information to them.  AXS is not responsible for their actions with regard to your information.

## Types of information that may be collected 

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" refers to information which can be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity, such as their name, email address, etc., and any other information about an identifiable individual. The Personal Information we collect is used to facilitate the purchase and delivery of tickets and/or other products, services, or information to our customers, and we may require our customers to provide certain Personal Information in some instances.  We also collect non-Personal Information such as browsing patterns, geographic location and demographics, which does not reveal your specific identity, as further described below. 

## How is this information collected and used? 

We generally collect information from you in the following ways: 

## Transaction Information

If you place an order on our Services—including our APIs--we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact, billing and shipping information. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, e.g., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to send you a record of your transaction. Please note, when we collect information through our API, we will collect the information on behalf of ourselves and our Client or Partner. We will provide the information to that Client or Partner the time of sale. Our policy does not govern their treatment of your information. 

## When you purchase a Right, ticket or other merchandise

The Personal Information that may be collected from our customers in completion of a ticket, Right (as defined in our Terms of Use), product and/or service purchase, may include, but may not be limited to: customer's first and last name, first and last name of the credit card owner, credit card billing address, credit card number, credit card security code, credit card expiration date, customer's shipping address, phone number, and email address. You may also have the opportunity to permit us to maintain this information in a personal profile for you so you do not have to re-enter the information each time you make a purchase. If a customer sends us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. Through Flash Seats, we may collect your Personal Information from you when you (i) bid on, or purchase Right(s); (ii) purchase Right(s) from a Client through the Service; (iii) sign-up or subscribe for products or services that we may periodically make available; or (iv) receive Right(s) transferred to you from one of our account holders. Whenever you receive Right(s) transferred to you from one of our account holders, your Personal Information will be provided to us by the originating account holder. When you accept the Right, you may be required to supply additional Personal Information in order to complete the transfer transaction. Please note, when we collect information through our API, we will collect the information on behalf of ourselves and our Client or Partner. We will provide the information to that Client or Partner the time of sale. Our policy does not govern their treatment of your information.

## Registration

If you register on our Services, we collect Personal Information such as your name, email, address and any other Personal Information required on the registration form. You may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features our Services may choose to offer, including, but not limited to, newsletters, contests, notifications, or other services. Certain of our Services may include a user portal for you to manage your ticket purchases and other matters. In such cases, you may designate Associate Account Holders to manage aspects of your account. When you add an Associate Account Holder, that Associate Account Holder may be able to view, add, modify or delete your payment information, process payments, or forward tickets on your behalf. By designating an Associate Account Holder, you agree to share such information with such Associate Account Holder(s) in accordance with this policy. 

## Newsletters, Emails, Mobile Offers

We may offer newsletters and/or other communications to share information with you about the Services, about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our business partners, advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter from us or our Partners or Clients (as appropriate) either by registering for a particular newsletter, offer, or category of offers (e.g. Partner/Client offers), or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered through the Services. You may cancel your subscription by following the instructions provided on the Services, in the designated area of the newsletters or emails, or as specified in a mobile communication. Remember, if you consent to receive Mobile App alerts or texts from us, your wireless carrier may impose a charge on incoming texts. Please check with your wireless carrier for details.

## Contests or Sweepstakes

We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Services, which may require registration in order to enter. Your Personal Information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other promotional purposes. Your entry in the contest or sweepstakes may also result in your being added to our marketing lists as well as those of our promotional partners associated with the contest or sweepstakes. Acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Services, such as on a winner's page. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Services, and collect your information. In those cases, we may have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the official rules of the contest/sweepstakes as well as the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy, before participating.

## Surveys or Voting

From time-to-time, we may request Personal Information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. By completing the survey, you consent to our collection of any Personal Information and other data you provide, and use of that Personal Information and other data to administer, respond to, analyze or otherwise complete the survey process or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

## Mobile App & Location Services

If you download and use our Mobile App, we or third party service providers may collect certain information through that Mobile App. Information collected may include the Personal Information and other registration, login, or payment information you choose to provide; information about your device, such as your IP address, OS, device model, your device's proprietary advertising identifier; and information relating to how you use the Mobile App, such as the content you view, ads you click, and purchases you make. When you consent to our use of location services, or otherwise depending on the settings on your mobile device, we or third party service providers may collect the precise location information provided by your device, including data provided by your GPS, WiFi, or data obtained when the Mobile App interacts with a beacon or other technology at a venue. We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off using your device’s notifications settings. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information. We may use data collected from physical proximity beacons (which may be located in some of the venues or events for which we have sold tickets) to send you relevant, targeted offers based on this data (for example, a discount on food purchases near our event). We and any third parties enabling these features may store this data and combine it with other information about you. You may disable the communication of these beacons with your mobile device by disabling Bluetooth or modifying your preferences for location services through your OS. We collect the information primarily to facilitate the functionality of our Mobile App and deliver relevant content to you. For example, we may collect your registration and payment information so we can show you content that interests you and to process transactions on your behalf. We may collect your device's location in order to show you offers or features available near you, to deliver more relevant information and ads, and to understand how users interact with a venue or at events we have ticketed. We may combine data we collect through our Mobile App with other information we hold about you so that we can personalize or improve the relevance and quality of the services we provide you.

## AXS Invite

If you choose to use our AXS InviteTM feature, we ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will send your friend an invite email on your behalf. AXS or our service providers store this information for the sole purpose of sending this invitation email along with subsequent email reminders if your friend has not responded to the original request. Your friend may contact us at [guestservices@axs.com](mailto:guestservices@axs.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. _By using this feature, you represent and warrant that you have a personal relationship with the addressee to whom you request that we send a message on your behalf. You may not use this feature if you do not have a personal relationship with the addressee._

## Automatic collection when you access our Services

Our Services automatically collect certain information from you when you use them. For example, some of our Services use cookies and other similar tracking technologies to provide essential features and improve your experience when using our Services (see below for more information). Additionally, through our Services, our servers or networks may collect your device’s IP address and other device or network information, such as your screen resolution, OS version, browser version, and certain identifiers. We use this information to help ensure that our content is displayed properly, so that we can understand how, where and which devices access our Services, and to improve the quality and delivery of our Services. We may log click-stream or similar data for purposes of system administration, to improve our Services, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and other internal uses related to the Services. Click-stream data is information collected when you request pages from our Services, and may include information such as the page served, the time, the source and type of browser making the request, the most recent page view, and other non-Personal Information. This data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at our Services, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of events, content, advertising, and the like. We may associate click-stream, shopping cart, ticket purchase (whether complete or incomplete) and other similar data with other information we hold about you so that we can personalize or improve the relevance and quality of the services we provide to you. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.

## Cookies, tracking, and interest-based advertising

Our Services may use cookies, web beacons, and similar digital tracking technologies. Cookies are small data files transferred to your hard drive when your browser settings permit the acceptance of cookies. Similar technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags function through the use of small files, such as a GIF or PNG, which are opened on a page, ad, or in an email. The request for these files from a server reveals certain information, such as your browser type, IP address, and other information. To learn more about cookies, similar tracking technologies, and how they can affect your privacy, visit [allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). For example, our Services may use cookies or other technologies provided by website analytics services such as Google Analytics to help us better understand how our Services are used. By tracking how and when you use our Services, these technologies help us determine which features and content on our Services are most important to our visitors. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you can turn off cookies using your browser’s settings menu; however, this may eliminate our ability to provide a personalized or user-friendly experience. To learn more about, or to opt-out of Google’s analytic and marketing services, visit [Google Analytics Terms of Use](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html), the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html), or [Google Analytics Opt-out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB). Data about your activities online may be collected for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests, either by us, our affiliates, or third parties. We may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party websites and viewing of ads and of our content. You may or may not be offered a choice as to whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose. The information collected may include information about your visits to our Services, such as the pages you have viewed. These third-party tracking technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the effectiveness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you. This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Services and on third-party websites or services that participate in the ad network, such as websites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as a DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Services. We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To learn more about how to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, visit Google’s Ads Settings, [here](https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads?hl=en&sig=ACi0TCiMsTp6hu2gwIWAph1FkupERVvz6U76wP-bPuXf-PU7jkGobIl9xnvmhGPWftIUqRO5jfqD7HmRfYDu-YQNYDT-kpUlM-6waE6L-s0tr4sqZOIvCkHqRJCn0zn3pZ9U7hBlkI7Ue6nMD6EtyapCYzG4ZRIutukmhqmav5FuNJZ7pFD2C08). To learn more about how to opt out of DoubleClick’s use of cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page, [here](https://www.google.com/settings/ads?hl=en&sig=ACi0TCi3R4mL7qb_WRaELD5Z_YPR5O5InCvFFgPTJ5jcWbHaE2tb_jOvoIkA5pP6F9oEvdNnVsMQuwj5HJV2Pg-6RADnzbP9mI_0dcxfwak_4v1_JeRylUrylqkCThZSDLaaI0iKKqsfaEE9pvltfXxOZH9ZarVDcsj6b7B5xIgS7XgzMgJjPq6m-L38v01JOJumwnkQh8Kt). If you wish to take steps to opt-out of tracking by certain online advertisers, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at <http://www.aboutads.info/choices> or the Network Advertising Initiative at [www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp). Please note, most modern browsers include a "do not track" feature that may help protect your privacy. However, because there is not yet a defined response to do-not-track requests, our Site does not respond to your browser’s do-not-track request. If you do not wish to not have your information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [http://preferences-mgr.truste.com](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) or visit the Digital Advertising Alliance in the U.S. at <http://www.aboutads.info/choices> or in Canada at <http://youradchoices.ca/choices>(or if located in the European Union click [http://www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served all ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. 

## Frames

Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to/from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you are providing your Personal Information to these third parties and not to AXS.

## Single Sign-On

## You can log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Services to your profile page to share with others within your network.

## How we process the information we collect 

We primarily use information from registered users to manage and correspond with you about your account, transaction or request, allow you to manage your tickets, season passes, and other purchases, send you information and newsletters related to Client/Partner events, programs, offers, information and/or other events promoted by Clients, and for other matters described in this Privacy Policy. We may also use information in the file we maintain about a customer to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems, or for our, or our Clients', other business purposes. Please note, it may also be possible to register with a Client or Partner or other website/service through links on our Services, and in such cases, this Policy does not apply.

## We may use the information we hold about a customer to maintain a customer profile about that customer. We use this and other information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze usage, to customize and improve our Services, and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  We may also acquire information about you from other sources, and aggregate it with the information we have obtained from you in order to create a more complete profile. 

## To whom the information may be disclosed 

## Generally

Information we collect may be accessed by a variety of parties, depending upon the purpose for which the information was provided and the context in which the information was provided, or in accordance with your choices (for example, when you opt-in to receive Partner offers). We reserve the right to share your Personal Information with our current or future affiliated entities, subsidiaries, and parent companies. We may also share your Personal Information and other information with trusted third parties, such as our Partners, sponsors, or their affiliates and subsidiaries and other related entities for marketing, advertising, or other commercial purposes, and we may occasionally allow third parties to access certain Sites for marketing purposes. In addition, if you purchase a ticket on our Sites or through links we provide, your Personal Information may be shared with event promoters or otherwise in accordance with this Policy. Remember, when we sell tickets, we do so as a service provider for our Clients. We do not control the privacy practices of our Clients. If you wish to review the privacy practices of one of our Clients, please review the Client's privacy policy or contact the Client directly. 

## Information from your mobile device

If you register with the Site or Mobile App, your Personal Information and information related to purchases you make on any of our Services will be aggregated and maintained as part of your profile and may potentially be accessed or used by us, our affiliates, our Partners, and our Clients, or shared by us with third parties, to provide you with offers, information or marketing communications we think may interest you. If you allow the collection of location or proximity information, we may share that information with our marketing service providers or advertising partners in order to deliver more relevant content to you. See the section below regarding choices to learn how to opt-out of the collection of location and proximity information.

## Your Ticket/Right Purchases

When you buy, transfer, sell, or bid on Rights or tickets, and manage your account, we may share you information as follows:

  * When you purchase a Right or ticket, we may be contractually required to provide your Personal Information to the host of the applicable event ("Event Host") so that they may communicate with you about the event you are going to attend. 
  * Should you determine to sell or otherwise transfer your Right(s), we may be contractually required to provide your Personal Information to the Event Host's third party service providers who provide the Event Host with such transfer services. Under those circumstances, you will be required to grant to such service providers the right to access your user profile and Right(s) information in order to sell or transfer your Right(s). 
  * Whenever you transfer an account balance to your bank account we may be required to share your Personal Information with a third-party financial processor to facilitate completion of your transaction. The processor may share the same information with your bank in connection with the transaction. 
  * Whenever you transfer an account balance to an Event Host we may be required to share your Personal Information with that Event Host to ensure the proper allocation of your account balance to the Event Host's accounting system.



Under these circumstances, we cannot offer you the option to opt-out from having your information passed to the Event Host or other third party. Event Hosts and other third parties are not subject to the provisions of this Policy, which means that they may use your Personal Information for purposes other than contacting you about the event you are going to attend, unless you contact them and request otherwise. 

## Our Service Providers

In order to process your requests we may provide your Personal Information to service providers or other companies who work on our behalf in order, for example, to process the transaction and deliver the tickets or other goods/services you have ordered. When we do so, we use reasonable efforts to assure that they comply with our Privacy Policy and applicable law. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us. 

## Other Disclosures

In addition, in the event that we go through an existing or potential business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of our assets, customer information may be part of the assets transferred. We may, without your consent, access and disclose your Personal Information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our [Terms of Use](http://www.axs.com.about-terms-of-use.html/), or activity that appears to us to be illegal or we believe may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose Personal Information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat. 

## What choices do I have about AXS collecting, using, and sharing my information? 

It is possible for you to use much of the Site or Mobile App without giving us any Personal Information. During the registration process or after you have registered with us, you will be able to manage your information and communications preferences.  If you purchased a ticket or registered through AXS directly, you can request at any time that AXS or our Partners not send future e-mails to you either by unsubscribing from the communication (or class of communications) through your online account preferences at [MyAXS Communication Center](mailto:MyAXS%20Communication%20Center), by contacting us at [unsubscribe@axs.com](mailto:unsubscribe@axs.com), or by contacting us by mail at the address below. Requests by email only need to include your email address. If you send a request by mail, please include your name, email address, and mailing address if you wish to unsubscribe from all means of communication. If you purchased a ticket or registered through a Client or Partner, you can access your information and preferences though the website or other means provided by that Client or Partner. The Client or Partner may provide you with a link to a ticketingcentral.com domain where you will be able to make certain choices about the information that AXS holds about you. Please contact the Client or Partner for more information. Please note, we are only able to opt you out of receiving those offers and other communications sent by our Partners to subscribers to communications provided as part of the Service. These Partners and other third parties may receive your information independently from AXS or your use of the Service, and you may continue to receive certain communications from them. Please contact these parties directly to exercise your right to opt out of any other communications you may receive from them. To obtain a list of the Personal Information that AXS holds about you, or for residents of California (as required by California law) any Personal Information AXS has disclosed about you to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, please send a written, signed request to AXS to the US address (for residents of the US) or the Canadian address (for residents of Canada) listed below. You may control or limit information collected using proximity beacons or other location services and networks by changing your preferences in your device's location services preferences menu, or through your choices regarding Bluetooth, WiFi, and other network interfaces you may use to interact with our Services.

## How we secure your Personal Information 

We have implemented reasonable security measures to safeguard the Personal Information you provide us. However, please keep in mind that we cannot be liable for the actions of third parties to whom we may transfer your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy, or third parties to whom you directly provide your Personal Information (such as when you purchase a ticket from a third party through links on our Services). Furthermore, please remember that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet, and accordingly we cannot provide any guarantee that your Personal Information or any other information you provide us will remain secure. If you have any questions about security on our Services, you can contact us at guestservices@axs.com.

## Links to other Websites and Services 

You should be aware that when you are on the Services you could be directed to other sites or services beyond our control. This Privacy Policy does not govern your use of any third party websites or services. For example, if you seek to purchase a ticket to a concert that is not sold on one of our Services or click on a banner advertisement, you will likely leave our Service and move to a different website or service which is not operated by us. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use one of our logos as part of a co-branding agreement. These other websites or services may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to our Services, you should carefully review that site's privacy policy before providing any Personal Information. 

## A special note for parents concerning privacy 

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. 

## International Users/Transfers 

By providing your information to this Site or Mobile App, you are granting your consent for the transfer of your information to the United States and Canada, as well as any other country in which our servers may be located. Regardless of where your information is collected or transferred, the information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

## EU-US Privacy Shield 

AXS Group LLC and its subsidiary companies, AXS Digital, LLC and Flash Seats, LLC participate in and have certified compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Our adherence to the Privacy Shield framework reflects our commitment to protect the privacy of our EU users when we collect, process, and transfer personal data collected from users in the EU. We adhere to the Privacy Shield principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and recourse/enforcement/liability. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework and view the list of Privacy Shield certified Companies [here](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list) . AXS is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. AXS complies with the Privacy Shield Principles relating to onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, AXS is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AXS may be required to disclose personal data in response to requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We encourage EU (and US) users to contact us if you have any concerns about our compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Framework. Any questions or concerns may be sent to the address or email below. AXS will respond to Privacy Shield complaints from EU citizens within 45 days. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. If required by law, we will work with a panel of DPAs in the EU to resolve disputes. Please note, under certain conditions, more fully described on the [Privacy Shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint) , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

## Notification of changes and acceptance of the Privacy Policy 

By using the Services, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy. AXS may change this policy from time to time. If so, any such changes will be posted on this page, so that the AXS may keep its users informed of its information collection practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, or as required by law. Accordingly, we recommend that you consult this page frequently so that you are aware of our latest policy. Your continued use of the Site or Mobile App shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy. 

## Correcting, updating and removing Personal Information

If your Personal Information changes (such as your zip code), we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us. If you purchased a ticket or registered through AXS directly you many make changes to your profile and/or close your account and remove the Personal Information you provided during registration by visiting the account preferences menu or by visiting [MyAXS](http://axs.com/me). If you purchased a ticket or registered through a Client or Partner, you can access your information and preferences though the website or other means provided by that Client or Partner. The Client or Partner may provide you with a link to a ticketingcentral.com domain where you will be able to modify the information that AXS holds about you. Please contact the Client or Partner for more information. Upon request, AXS will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information. To obtain a list of Personal Information we hold about you, submit a support request at [guestservices@axs.com](mailto:guestservices@axs.com). We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. For all other requests for modification or deletion, contact us at the address below. Please note, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you close your account, we reserve the right to keep your Personal Information on file for a reasonable time in the event you wish to reopen your account. In any event, we will retain and use your information as and to the extent we deem reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

## Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this privacy policy? 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our Services, or other privacy concerns, please email us at [guestservices@axs.com](mailto:guestservices@axs.com). Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email. You can also write to us at: If you live in the United States: AXS Digital, LLC 425 West 11th Street, Suite 100 Los Angeles, CA 90015 Attn: Legal Department – Privacy Officer If you live in Canada: 9390936 Canada, Inc. 400-333 Bay Street Toronto ON M5H 2R2 Attn: Legal Department – Privacy Officer 
