> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scvngr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-02-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110224014123id_/http%3A//www.scvngr.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SCVNGR - Privacy Policy

## Introduction

This privacy policy is designed to inform users of SCVNGR (website, apps and service), collectively (the "Service") about how SCVNGR, Inc. ("SCVNGR" or "we") gathers and uses personal information submitted to us in connection with use of the Service. SCVNGR will take all reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this policy and with applicable U.S. laws. In this policy, "user" or "you" means any person using the Service, whether by playing SCVNGR, visiting the website or using our download apps.

## Important Disclosure

By playing SCVNGR, you are consenting to the display of your username, your Gameplay Information and Location Information (as defined below) to other SCVNGR users. You can limit this disclosure by using our Privacy settings, so you should review our Privacy Policy to understand your privacy choices.

## What Information Do We Collect?

### Personal Information

SCVNGR collects the following personal information in connection with the Service: (a) when you sign up to participate in SCVNGR, SCVNGR may collect your name, email address and/or mobile number (if playing via SMS); (b) if you are building challenges (or treks) on SCVNGR for free, we will collect the same information as above; and (c) if you building challenges (or treks) on SCVNGR and are paying to use our enterprise tools to do so, SCVNGR will collect the name, address and credit card number of the paying customer (collectively, "Personal Information"). Names and addresses collected from corporate customers are not classified as "Personal Information".

### Location Tracking Information

When participants play SCVNGR using their mobile devices, SCVNGR will collect location tracking information that tells SCVNGR the locations of participants playing, based on the location of their device. We use location tracking information for the purposes of showing you nearby places, verifying your location (to stop cheaters) and enabling you to access other location-based features of the service. Gameplay Information: When participants play SCVNGR, SCVNGR collects information relating to participants' gameplay, such as the challenges that a participant does, the time and date of completion, and the location where the challenge was completed. In addition, participants may submit photos and text responses to SCVNGR in the course of completing challenges on SCVNGR.

### Web Tracking Information

The Service may use web tracking technologies such as cookies and clear GIFs in order to recognize visitors to the SCVNGR website and to analyze general user traffic patterns, and we collect data generated by use of such technologies. Some of this data may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to you.

## How Do We Use the Information We Collect?

### Personal Information and Gameplay Information

We will use Personal Information, Location Information and Gameplay Information for the purpose of delivering the Service to you.

### Aggregate Information

We will also use customer information to create aggregated data for analytical purposes. This statistical information does not contain any Personal Information and is used to understand our customer base and to better serve our market.

### Web Tracking Technologies

SCVNGR only uses web tracking technologies to collect information in an aggregate form that does not identify the individual user, and only for us to understand how well our Service is working. For example, we may develop anonymous, aggregate, statistical information on usage of the SCVNGR website (which we may disclose to business partners and investors), such as by keeping count of return visitors to the SCVNGR website and assessing which pages of the website are most popular. This allows us to determine which features visitors like best to help us improve our Service, personalize your user experience, and measure overall effectiveness.

### Legal Exception

Notwithstanding the above, SCVNGR may in any event use Personal Information and other information collected through the Service to the extent required by law or legal process, or if in SCVNGR's reasonable discretion use is necessary to protect SCVNGR's legal rights or to protect third parties.

## What Information Do We Disclose to Third Parties?

### Personal Information

SCVNGR does not sell or rent its mailing list, and will not disclose your Personal Information to any third parties except (i) to third party contractors engaged to provide services on behalf of SCVNGR; (ii) when we have your consent to share the information; or (iii) as part of gameplay (see "Gameplay Information and Location Information" below).

### Gameplay Information and Location Information

When you play SCVNGR, your username, location information, the challenges you complete, the time, date and place of completing any challenges, and any photos and text responses you give when completing challenges, may be displayed to other SCVNGR users. By playing SCVNGR, you consent to this disclosure. You can manage what Gameplay Information and Location Information is disclosed to other users by using our privacy settings, described below.

### Anonymous, Aggregated Information

We may disclose anonymous, aggregated information to third parties such as potential business partners and funding sources, in order to describe our business and operations.

### Network Operators

Use of the Service involves use of the services of third party telecommunications carriers and service providers (such as the services of the carrier that provides cellphone service to you). Such carriers and service providers are not SCVNGR's contractors, and any information that a carrier collects in connection with your use of the Service is not "Personal Information" and is not subject to this Privacy Policy. SCVNGR is not responsible for the acts or omissions of telecommunications carriers or service providers. SCVNGR reserves the right to disclose any information SCVNGR collects in connection with the Service, including Personal Information, Gameplay Information and Location Information, (a) to any successor to SCVNGR's business as a result of any merger, acquisition or similar transaction; and (b) to any law enforcement, judicial authority, or governmental or regulatory authority, to the extent required by law or if in SCVNGR's reasonable discretion disclosure is necessary to protect SCVNGR's legal rights or to protect third parties.

### Privacy Settings/Opt Out

If you turn your Privacy setting in SCVNGR to share activity with "friends", your Gameplay Information and Location Information will only be displayed to participants whom you have added as SCVNGR friends. If you turn your Privacy setting in SCVNGR to share activity with "everyone", your Gameplay Information and Location Information will be displayed to all SCVNGR users. Changing your privacy setting only changes your setting for the future; your past activity will have been displayed in accordance with the Privacy setting in place at the time you played the relevant SCVNGR game. These settings can be managed conveniently from your app's "more" tab on iPhone and "settings" screen on Android. For other devices, please select settings. If you would like your Personal Information permanently removed from our mailing list or database, please contact us at support@scvngr.com.

## Access and Updating of Information

SCVNGR is happy to allow you to review or amend your email address or contact details held in our mailing list or database, at any time. Please contact us by sending an email to: support@scvngr.com or by using your settings panel in your account online.

## General

### Links

The SCNVGR website may contain links to other websites. SCVNGR is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our website and review the privacy statements of each third party website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Service.

### Amendments

SCVNGR may modify or amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, as determined by SCVNGR, in the way in which Personal Information is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes by modification of this Privacy Policy, which will be available for review by you at the Service. Notwithstanding any modifications we may make, any Personal Information collected by SCVNGR from you will be treated in accordance with the privacy policy in effect at the time information was collected, unless we obtain your consent otherwise.

### Children

SCVNGR does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed at persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Service or play SCVNGR. If SCVNGR learns that personally identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected without verifiable parental consent, then SCVNGR will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. To make such a request, please contact us at support@scvngr.com.

### Service Visitors from outside the United States

SCVNGR and its servers are located in the United States and are subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If you choose to access or use the Service, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this privacy policy and subject to such laws. 

#### Effective Date of this policy: March 15, 2010, updated June 30th, 2010

  

