> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dzooom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160517122731id_/http%3A//www.dzooom.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Dzooom.com is  committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This privacy policy explains when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected. All information that Dzooom.com collects will adhere to this privacy policy and will be used for the sole purpose of providing you a highly personalized and interactive experience with our site. No personal information collected from our members will ever be sold or leased to any third party without the proper consent.

**Personal Information:** Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual such as a name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or other account number, and information about that individual's activities when directly linked to that person such as information about his or her use of the Site. Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products, services or customers, from which individual customer identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. 

Personal Information We Collect We collect personal information in a number of ways when you visit our web site. For example, we collect personal information when you: (1) register and set up an account; (2) Information about your Name, City, Phone No. (3) Profile Information for each member e.g Date of birth, occupation, qualification, school/college attending, employment information.When you visit our web site, some information is also automatically collected, such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and the time and date of your visit and purchases. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. 

**Informatin Sharing:** Dzooom.com will not sell or lease your personal information to third parties without your explicit consent, unless required by law. We may share your information with third parties under certain circumstances: if sharing your information is necessary to execute a specific request by you (e.g., purchasing premium services via credit card, in which case it would be necessary to share your information with a credit card processing company). In these specific cases third parties will not retain, share or store any personally identifiable information except to provide the specific services requested by you, and are bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information. if sharing your information is required by law or is necessary to respond to a subpoena, warrant or court order, or to protect the rights of Dzooom.com or its members. 

**Children:** In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Children under 13 are not allowed to register for Iprofilez accounts. If we later learns that a member is under the age of thirteen (13) we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database. 

**Security:**  Dzooom.com has implemented security measures to protect member information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Each of our employees is aware of our security policies, and your information is only available to those employees who need it to perform their jobs. 

**Advertisment:** Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by Dzooom.com or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Dzooom.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy:**  Dzooom.com may update our privacy policy. The latest version of the privacy policy will always be available at [http://www.Dzooom.com/privacy](http://www.dzooom.com/privacy) . Please check this page occasionally to make sure you are aware of any updates
