> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qliktech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121031053150id_/http%3A//www.qlikview.com/us/info/privacy%3Fga-link%3Dfooter) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | QlikView

At QlikTech, we are committed to protecting your privacy. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes, we do need information to provide services that you request and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. Please read the complete QlikTech privacy statement.

Any information you provide while visiting the QlikTech site will be used by QlikTech or an authorized QlikTech Partner only. We will not share your information with any other organization or party.

## Collecting your Personal Information

We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to register for such items as events, newsletters, reports, software downloads, or discussion groups. Personal information collected by QlikTech often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.

As a convenience to our site visitors, we may provide links to other web sites. These linked sites are not under the control of QlikTech, and as such, we are not responsible for their function.

## Use of your Personal Information

We use your personal information for four primary purposes:

  * To make the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once.
  * To help you quickly find software, services or information.
  * To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
  * To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from QlikTech.



The email address and other information you provide when you register with QlikTech will not be shared with any other organization. It will be used only by QlikTech to send you news about our company and our products. To opt-out of distributions at any time, please enter your email address at: <http://www.qlikview.com/opt-out>.

QlikTech will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on QlikTech or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of QlikTech, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of QlikTech, its Web sites, or the public.

## Security

QlikTech will employ reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Such measures may include the use of password protection and restricting access to personal information to those with a legitimate purpose in receiving the information. Employees who have access to such personal information shall be trained regarding this Policy, advised that they are responsible for fully complying with the privacy principles articulated in this Policy and instructed that violations of these principles shall result in appropriate discipline up to and including termination.

## Cookies

When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. A "cookie" is a small amount of data transferred to your browser and read by the Web server that placed it there. It works as a sort of identification card, recording your preferences and previously entered information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to accept or reject it.

To ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, QlikTech collects site-visitation statistics using cookies. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the QlikTech site, you will be able to view our sites, however, you will not experience a personalized visit, nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website.  
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser:  
<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

## Data Integrity

Personal information must be relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used. Personal information will not be processed in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. To the extent necessary for those purposes, reasonable steps shall be taken to help ensure that the personal information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current. Reasonable steps shall also be taken to accommodate privacy preferences, such as restricting access to the personal information to those who have a legitimate business need to know the information, anonymizing certain information, or assigning codes or pseudonyms when the actual names are not required for the purpose at hand.

## Access

QlikTech will provide individuals with access to their personal information and the ability to correct, amend or delete that information when it is inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual's privacy in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated. Access may be limited or denied when granting such access would prejudice security investigations or grievance proceedings or prejudice the confidentiality that may be necessary for limited periods in connection with succession planning or corporate re-organizations. If an individual becomes aware that the information QlikTech maintains on him or her is inaccurate, the individual may contact the individuals listed in the Enforcement section of this Policy.

## Enforcement

QlikTech has verified and will verify annually that the attestations and assertions made about its privacy practices are true and that those privacy practices have been implemented as represented. This verification has been and will be performed by an authorized representative of QlikTech at least once a year. The verification includes the following:

  * That QlikTech's published Policy is accurate, comprehensive, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible;
  * That the Policy conforms to accepted Privacy Principles;
  * That individuals are informed of any in-house arrangements for handling complaints and of the mechanisms through which they may pursue complaints;
  * That QlikTech has in place procedures for training employees in its implementation and disciplining them for failure to follow it; and
  * That QlikTech has in place internal procedures for periodically conducting objective reviews of compliance with the above.



## Children's Privacy

QlikTech does not knowingly or intentionally collect information from anyone under the age of 13, and we request that anyone under the age of 13 does not submit personal information. If we become aware that someone under the age of 13 has submitted personal information, we will delete the information from our records.

## Contact Information

Inquiries or complaints regarding this Policy should be directed to Lynn Carino, Vice President Global Employment and Compliance, 150 N. Radnor Chester Rd., Radnor, PA 19087 USA; phone: +1 (888) 828-9768; fax: +1 (610) 975-5987; e-mail: [privacy@qlikview.com](mailto:privacy@qlikview.com).

## Changes to this Statement

QlikTech reserves the right to modify or update this privacy statement at any time without notice.

Last updated: April 4, 2011
