> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clockodo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170114120608id_/https%3A//www.clockodo.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – clockodo

Data privacy is particularly important at clockodo:  
Only the most necessary data are collected and processed.

## No transmission to third parties

As a fundamental principle, no data is transmitted to third parties. Only the payment process is an exception here; however, clockodo also restricts itself to the minimum extent required. In particular, clockodo will never sell data entered by you, or forward them or use them for its own purposes.

## No use for advertising purposes

clockodo is and remains free of advertising. The data entered by you will therefore never be analyzed for commercial purposes. 

Our intention is only to use your data for the purpose apparent to you.

## Collection of personal data

During registration, we only collect the data that is absolutely necessary. In the creation of a test account, these are your first name and last name, the name of the company, and your e-mail address. If you decide to continue to use clockodo, you only need to add an invoice address to your data, as well as provide information for the payment process. 

When you write a comment in our blog, your IP address is provided.

## Processing of log files

clockodo creates log files on the access to the different software functions. It is, however, not possible to assign these to particular individuals. Only the timestamp of the inquiry, the IP address from which access is made, information about the operating system used and the browser as well as the referrer URL (site previously visited) are stored. The IP addresses are deleted at the latest after one week. 

In particular, there is no merging of these data with other data. The saving of the access to the log files aims to create anonymous statistics using these data. For instance, statistics about the browser type, or the number of time entries created on average are important for the further development of clockodo statistics.

## Security

From login, clockodo makes it possible for you to conduct the complete communication with the server via the known HTTPS (SSL) of online banking. 

None of the personal details that you enter are publicly accessible; they are only accessible after login with your password. To enhance security, we recommend that you use a password that is as secure as possible and that you change it regularly. 

Passwords are of course only stored in our database in encrypted form.

## Cookies

Clockodo only uses so-called session cookies to facilitate more comfortable use. If you activate the option "Stay logged in" when you log in, you will, for example, be automatically logged in when you next visit the site. 

As a fundamental principle, you should therefore always actively log yourself out on third-party computers and close the browser window. 

In addition to the cookies set by clockodo, cookies are used by the analysis tool "Google Analytics" on public information sites, as described in the next paragraph.

## Statistics for the public information pages

In order to gain an overview of how many prospective users clockodo reaches and to create analyses, clockodo uses Google Analytics on the public information pages, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). With the purpose of gaining an overview of the effectivity of the ads clockodo places at Google, clockodo uses furthermore the function "conversion tracking" of Google AdWords. 

As soon as you have logged in and are in your personal area, neither Google Analytics nor another analysis service are used. 

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

You may object to the collection and usage of your IP address by Google Analytics at any time with effect for the future. Further information on this can be found at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>. We draw your attention to the fact that Google Analytics has been extended to include the code "gat._anonymizeIp();" on this page in order to guarantee an anonymized recording of IP addresses. 

For the function "conversion tracking" of Google AdWords, Google sets a cookie as soon as you click on an advert. These cookies expire within 30 days and they are not aimed at identify you as an individual. If you visit particular pages of our public information pages, Google and clockodo can recognize that you have clicked on the advert and visited this page. In this way it is possible for clockodo to measure the effctivity of its google ads. You can deactivate conversion tracking for yourself, by setting your browser to block cookies of the domain „googleadservices.com“.

## Disclosure

We would be pleased to provide you with information about the data stored about you either by post or by e-mail to info@clockodo.com. 

We only provide information about users to third parties within the framework of our statutory information obligations or after an explicit mandate from you to do so.

## More information

Please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions on our data protection policy, or any other issue. 

[Contact Us!](https://web.archive.org/en/contact/)
