> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cloudgirlfriend.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140227102935id_/http%3A//www.cloudgirlfriend.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
CLOUD GIRLFRIEND Users. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Site according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other CLOUD GIRLFRIEND users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information, and we encourage users to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. 

Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf. 

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of CLOUD GIRLFRIEND's Rights. We may disclose to parties outside CLOUD GIRLFRIEND, the files stored in your CLOUD GIRLFRIEND account and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; © prevent fraud or abuse of CLOUD GIRLFRIEND or its users; or (d) to protect CLOUD GIRLFRIEND's property rights. If we provide your CLOUD GIRLFRIEND files or information to a law enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove CLOUD GIRLFRIEND's encryption from the files, if any, before providing them to law enforcement. However, CLOUD GIRLFRIEND will not be able to decrypt any files that you encrypted prior to storing them on CLOUD GIRLFRIEND. 

Business Transfers. CLOUD GIRLFRIEND may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 
