> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cloudincome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180827184729id_/https%3A//www.cloudincome.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Cloud Income

We, CloudIncome, are committed to protecting the privacy of anyone using our site and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with. The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use any personal information that we may obtain from you via our website.

You may opt out of receiving information from us at any time by email:

Email – [lewis@cloudincome.com](mailto:lewis@cloudincome.com)

## Use and Collection of Personal Information

In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself.

However, there are areas of our website where we do gather data as follows:

If you submit an enquiry via our website you will be asked to provide certain information, including name and e-mail address.

If you register on our website to receive newsletters from us you will be asked to provide your name and e-mail address.

We will store this data and hold it via our externally hosted server and some secure third party websites.

We may use information that you provide:

  * To register you with our website and to administer it;
  * To deal with your enquiry which may include contacting your directly and supplying quotations and further information about our services
  * To send you newsletters if you have opted in to receive them;
  * For assessment and analysis, e.g. marketing, customer and product analysis, to enable us to review, develop and improve our services. ** **



**Cookies**

We collect information directly from you in a number of ways. One way is through our use of “cookies”. Most websites use cookies in order to make them work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. They help us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout, content and function of the site.

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by websites that you visit. They save and retrieve pieces of information about your visit to the website – for example, how you entered the site, how you navigated through the site and what information and documentation was of interest to you. This means that when you go back to a website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about you on your last visit.

We use cookies generated by WordPress in order to manage user logins and other core administrative features. These are considered essential for the operation of this website.

We also use Google Analytics to track visitor data trends and general usage statistics. We do not collect any personal information via these cookies other than your IP address. This information is automatically deleted after 26 months following your last visit to our website. These are non-essential cookies.

Finally, we use Google Display Network/Facebook Advertising to run retargeting campaigns based on visits to our website. To opt out of these, please visit [http://optout.aboutads.info](http://optout.aboutads.info/) and update your preferences.

The rules about cookies on websites have changed. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. You can set your browser to reject or block cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. You can also delete any cookies that are already stored on your computer’s hard drive. However, please be aware that if you do delete and block all cookies from our website, parts of the site may not work. Likewise, you may not be able to use some products and services on other websites without cookies.

To find out more about cookies, including seeing what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

**Security**

We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.

**General**

You have the right to see personal data (as defined in current data protection legislation including GDPR) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request.

In the event that you wish to complain about how we have handled your personal data you may also make a formal complaint in writing and we will look into your complaint and work with you to resolve the matter.

Any requests in line with the above should be sent for the attention of our Data Protection Officer (DPO), who is contactable via [lewis@cloudincome.com](mailto:lewis@cloudincome.com)

If you still feel that your personal data has not been handled appropriately according to the law, you can contact the ICO and file a complaint with them https://ico.org.uk/concerns/handling/
