> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cloudhq.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180818134341id_/https%3A//www.cloudhq.net/privacy%3Fhomepage_type%3Dgoogle_apps) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# cloudHQ.net - cloudHQ

### Intro

cloudHQ LCC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.cloudhq.net website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.cloudhq.net

### Definitions

#### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

#### Cookies

class="smaller">Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

#### Data Controller

Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

#### Data Processor (or Service Providers)

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

#### Data Subject

Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

#### User

The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

### Information Collection And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

#### Types of Data Collected

##### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address
  * Cookies and Usage Data



We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

##### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We **never** store your emails, files or any other documents

##### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  * **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  * **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.



### Use of Data

cloudHQ LCC uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information



Employees of cloudHQ are not allowed to access your data without your **explicit** permission.

### Retention of Data

cloudHQ LCC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

cloudHQ LCC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

cloudHQ LCC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

### Disclosure Of Data

#### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, cloudHQ LCC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Legal Requirements

cloudHQ LCC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of cloudHQ LCC
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



### Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. The security of your data is our highest priority. We have a dedicated security team using the best tools and engineering practices available to build and maintain cloudHQ, and you can rest assured that we've implemented multiple levels of security to protect your personal information, emails and files. cloudHQ is designed with multiple layers of protection, including secure data transfer, encryption, network configuration, and application- and user-level controls that are distributed across a scalable, secure infrastructure.

### Data Storage

cloudHQ is sync and replication service so no data is persistently stored on cloudHQ servers. To provide you with the cloudHQ Services, we may replicatie your data using servers around the world - including those outside your country. Please contact us if your data must be transferred using only servers located in certain country. 

### Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may delete your account. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information **quickly upon request**. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. 

### "Do Not Track" Signals

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

### Your Rights

cloudHQ LCC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you please contact us.

Your Personal Data will be deleted upon deletion of your cloudHQ account. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. 

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

  * To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
  * To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
  * To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you



You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to cloudHQ LCC. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

#### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

  * **Google Analytics**  
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.  
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>
  * **Mixpanel**  
Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc  
You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page: <https://mixpanel.com/optout/>  
For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Terms of Use page of Mixpanel: <https://mixpanel.com/terms/>



#### Payments

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

  * **Stripe** Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://stripe.com/us/privacy>
  * **PayPal or Braintree** Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full>



### Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### EU GDPR compliance

#### What is the GDPR?

The GDPR is a European Union regulation that establishes a new framework for handling and protecting the personal data of EU-based residents. It comes into effect on May 25, 2018. 

Personal data plays a huge part in society and the economy. It is essential that people have—and know they have—control and clarity over how their data is used and protected by any organization they interact with, and that organizations are given clear guidelines to protect their personal data. 

One of the aims of the GDPR is to harmonize and bring data privacy laws across Europe up to speed with the rapid technological change in the past two decades. It builds upon the current legal framework in the European Union, including the EU Data Protection Directive in existence since 1995. 

#### GDPR: How does cloudHQ comply with the GDPR? 

The GDPR is consistent with how we think and operate. Our security and privacy policy was already much stronger then any GDPR requirements. 

cloudHQ already meet the requirements of the GDPR. GDPR places an increased focus on documenting decisions and practices affecting personal data: and we consider protecting and locking your personal data very importat. No personal data will even be used, moved, or transferred outside very strict requirements to provide the Service. 

However you should also be working to assess your readiness for the GDPR well in advance of 25 May 2018 which is GDPR enforcement day. 

  * Trust is the foundation of our relationship with our customers. We value the confidence you’ve put in us and take the responsibility of protecting your information seriously. 
  * ​​ We place the utmost importance on data protection and we have a track record of staying ahead of the compliance curve. 
  * Our team have carefully analyzed the GDPR and already undertakook the necessary steps to ensure that we comply. 
  * cloudHQ includes strong contractual commitments in its agreements with our business customers. Our business customer agreements incorporate the EU model contract clauses and we are certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. This means there are additional legal protections and external monitoring regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union to the United States. 



### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

###  Changes to our Privacy Policy 

This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially **reduces** your rights, we will provide you with notice (for example, by email). And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 

### Model Contract Clauses for Business Users

In addition to providing full GDPR compliances, cloudHQ offers a data-processing amendment and model contract clauses as an additional means of meeting the adequacy and security requirements of the European Parliament and Council of the European Union Data Protection Directive. This agreement can be accepted and reviewed after purchasing cloudHQ Business Plan on your account page. To review and accept this amendment, you must be signed as admin of cloudHQ domain. The amendment agreement is: [here](https://web.archive.org/mcc_terms)

###  Contacting Us 

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or you want hear more how we secure your data, please contact us at support@cloudHQ.net. 
