> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cloudrino.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180128215101id_/https%3A//www.cloudrino.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cloudrino.net | Setup cloud server instantly

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made there under as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures to make the terms of this policy binding. 

At Cloudrino.net (also referred to as the "Website") data protection is a matter of trust and your privacy is very important to us. We use your personal information only in the manner as set out in this Privacy Policy. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about our information gathering and dissemination practices. 

This Privacy Policy explains how Cloudrino.net gathers personal information, as part of the normal operation of our services; and uses, discloses and protects such information through the Website. This detailed privacy policy enables you to take informed decisions in dealings with us. Our privacy practices are subject to the requirements of applicable law. 

By registering with Cloudrino.net, you acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and that any personal information provided by you to Cloudrino.net is provided under a lawful contract. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the User Agreement/Acceptable Use Policy posted on the Website available at the following link [•]. 

Note: Our privacy policy is subject to changes at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically. 

1\. Your Privacy 

At Cloudrino.net, we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy. We value your trust in us. We work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend others to participate in dealing with us. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Website. 

2\. Cloudrino.net Privacy Assurance 

We promise that we will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as number of visitors, services purchased, etc. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority. 

3\. Information that Cloudrino.net Collects 

When you use our website or our services, we collect and store your personal information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select, track your preferences, to provide you with a customized Site experience, to notify you of any updated information. We collect your information mainly to provide the service requested by you. It is used for initial service provision and ongoing User's support. The information can also be used by Cloudrino.net for sending periodic emails announcing important service changes, new features, technical issue updates and news, different promotions etc. The Users may decide NOT to receive such emails by replying to any of them with "Unsubscribe" in the subject. The information is also used for purposes like improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Website. 

4\. Information collected by Cloudrino.net 

Cloudrino.net collects Users' personal information to provide services as regards cloud hosting and dedicated servers tothe user. These includes, but is not limited to: name, mailing address, telephone numbers, email addresses, credit card information and other information that may be needed for providing the services requested by the User. All this information is provided voluntarily by the User through various order forms, email messages sent to the Cloudrino.net, submit forms, identification forms of LiveChat, information provided by the telephone etc. Cloudrino.net also collects different types of non-personally identifiable information about its Website visitors. These include but are not limited to referral URL's, Users' IP addresses, Users' use of website, information about the browsers used by the User, etc. Some of this information is collected through cookies, which are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and are stored on your computer's hard drive and help Cloudrino.net identify the User. The user has the choice to modify his/her browser and thus to reject the Cloudrino.net's cookies. 

5\. Our use of your information: 

We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request. We do not sell, rent, trade or exchange any personally-identifying information of our Users. We may provide your collected information to our affiliates and service providers under contract (such as customer care, data analytics) to support the operation of the Website and our services. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe trading; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in the services provided by us, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic, profile and usage data about our users' activity on our Website. 

We may also use your personal information to display contents and services that are targeted to your interests. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile under My Account or by clicking unsubscribe any email communication. You may make changes to your profile at any time. 

6\. Disclosure of information 

Your personal information is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We only share information as per the rules or conditions described below: 

a. Any disclosure of information to third party will be on the prior permission of yours. 

b. We will not be requesting for any prior permission in case where you have agreed for disclosure by way of contract earlier. 

c. We will not be requesting for any prior permission in cases for complying legal requirements. 

We may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. 

On request we may provide any site visitors with access to all information, they have provided to us, which we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

7\. Access or change your personally identifiable information: 

To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally identifying information. If you have registered your profile on Cloudrino.net, your registered user ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information. 

8\. Security: 

To protect your privacy and security, we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We always abide by the security standard, provided under the Information Technology Act, 2000 read with Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures for Protection Of Sensitive Personal Data and Information) Rules, 2011. 

9\. Grievance Officer: 

In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the Grievance Officer can be reached at:- 

71 DSIDC 

Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-1 

New Delhi-110020 

10\. Amendments 

Cloudrino.net reserves the right to revise its policies at any time without prior notice. 

11\. Contact Forms And Free Demo Account Forms: 

We will contact you using the information you provide us on our contact forms for the purposes stated on the form. If you sign up for a free demo account, we will contact you for some additional information we need to setup the demo account. This information includes any of the following that may be omitted from a short request form: full name, street address, fax number, other contact information and general survey questions we may have. If you do not wish to provide this information or decided that you did not want the free demo then please let us know and we will not contact you further. If you do accept the demo offer then we may follow up with you in a few days regarding your thoughts on the free demo account. Our demo offers, are valid for a short time and each demo account will expire after 5 business days of being active. Our agents may contact you if you wish to transfer service to Cloudrino.net during the course of your demo. If at any time you wish to delete your demo account and cease contact, you may simply request so by contacting us and letting us know via e-mail. 

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

If you feel that this Website is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses. 
