> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clover.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-08-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110822030057id_/https%3A//www.clover.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clover Network Privacy Policy

Last Updated Date: May 17, 2011 

Clover Network, Inc. (" **Clover** " or " **we** ") provides our proprietary deal based marketing platform and personalization service (the " **Personalized Commerce Network** " or " **PCN** "). The PCN includes our website located at [www.clover.com](http://www.clover.com/) (the " **Site** "), other online areas owned or controlled by us and any of our software applications through which users can access the PCN (the " **Clover Solution** "). 

Clover has relationships with sellers or providers of goods and services, which offer vouchers for purchase via the PCN (" **Merchants** ") and publishers that deploy the Clover Solution on their websites or online services (" **Publishers** ") to facilitate the serving of Merchant vouchers (each a " **Clover Solution Widget** ") to consumers that visit a Publisher's website or online service. Clover provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from (i) consumers who view and/or interact with a Clover Solution Widget or our Site, including Registered Users (" **Clover Consumers** "); and (ii) our Publishers and Merchants. As used herein, " **Registered User** " means an end user who has registered with us and created a Clover account which enables, among other things, the personalization of such user's experience with Clover Solution Widgets as further described in this Privacy Policy; and " **Clover Partner** " means collectively Publishers and Merchants. 

**This Privacy Policy is organized in three parts:**

Part A - Provides information specific to Clover Consumer data

Part B - Provides information specific to Clover Partner data

Part C - Provides information specific to all PCN user data: Clover Consumers and Clover Partners

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy through the Clover Solution or on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. 

As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. 

### A. CLOVER CONSUMERS

This section of the Privacy Policy applies _only_ to information that Clover may collect, access or obtain about Clover Consumers.

### Clover Consumer Information Collection, Use, and Sharing

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our services, features and content, to administer your Clover account and to deliver Clover Solution Widgets that may be of interest to you. 

**Personally Identifiable Information**

In connection with your use of the PCN (including the Site or any Clover Solution Widget), we may ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (" **Personal Information** "). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card number, email address and postal address. We use your Personal Information mainly to administer your inquiries and to provide you with the services you request through your use of the PCN. For example, if you wish to purchase a voucher via a Clover Solution Widget you will need to provide us with your credit card information or other payment details. (See the [Clover Network Terms of Service](https://www.clover.com/tos) for more information regarding the purchase of vouchers.) As a Registered User, we will use your Personal Information to deliver Clover Solution Widgets containing voucher offers based on your preferences and purchasing behavior. (See the Sections below titled " **Experience Personalization** " and " **For Registered Users** " for further information.) 

You can become a Registered User through the Site or through a third party social networking site (each an " **Entry Point Site** ") (including, but not limited to, Facebook) where we may decide to make the Clover Solution available. If you decide to register via an Entry Point Site you may do so by clicking on the login or registration button or link available on the Entry Point Site and when you do so we will extract the Personal Information from the account you have with such Entry Point Site (such as your "real" name, profile picture, email address and other information that you have made publicly available via the applicable service) and use that information to link your Clover account to your Entry Point Site account, create your Clover account, and administer your use of the PCN; the information we obtain may depend on the privacy settings you have with the Entry Point Site. You hereby consent to Clover's access to and collection of such Personal Information about you. It is your responsibility to read and accept the terms of use and privacy policies of Entry Point Sites when you use and interact with Entry Point Sites.

We also use your Personal Information to contact you with our newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or contact us.

**Experience Personalization:** How we use Personal Information and non-identifying information to personalize your experience.

**For all Clover Consumers.** To deliver Clover Solution Widgets to all Clover Consumers based on their inferred interests, we utilize the non-identifying information that we collect, access or obtain through commonly used web usage tracking technologies, including cookies, Pixel Tags (defined below) and similar technologies (collectively or individually " **Web Usage Technologies** ") embedded on the webpage of a Publisher's website on which you view Clover Solution Widgets or that may be implemented in your browser (e.g., HTML5 caching), in conjunction with the information about you that is provided to us by our Clover Partners (i.e., Publishers and Merchants) as described below, to personalize the content of Clover Solution Widgets and recommend voucher offers that may be of interest to you. 

**Interaction with Clover Solution Widgets and the Site.** We use cookies to help us collect, maintain and use information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes when you are served a Clover Solution Widget, or use the Site. We use cookies to save your Clover account information for future logins to the PCN, to integrate your usage of the Clover Solution via the appropriate Entry Point Sites, and to monitor aggregate usage by Clover Consumers and web traffic routing on the Site. Cookies also help us better understand the effectiveness of a Clover Solution Widget (e.g., by tracking the way in which you respond to, select and interact with a Clover Solution Widget or any content provided therein, or the location and context in which you view a Clover Solution Widget). Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and they can help control the number of times you are served a specific Clover Solution Widget. Third party advertisers on the Site or a Publisher's website may also place or read cookies on your browser. Clover does not have access to, or control of, the cookies and/or other data collection tools that may be placed by a third party, including those of our Publishers, and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party. 

We may also use "pixel tags" "web beacons", "clear GIFs" or similar means (individually or collectively " **Pixel Tags** "), in combination with cookies and the data provided to us by our Clover Partners, to analyze usage patterns of Clover Consumers and to serve Clover Solution Widgets to you that are tailored based on our analysis of what we believe you would respond favorably to in light of the information that we have collected, accessed or obtained about you as described above. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel, which is typically a transparent graphic image that is placed on a webpage and may be associated with cookies on your hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain websites and pages within websites, to personalize the Clover Solution Widgets, and to help determine the effectiveness of certain voucher offerings. 

When you interact with a Clover Solution Widget or visit the Site our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (" **Log Data** "). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (" **IP** ") address, the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, browser type, operating system, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this data and the non-identifying information that we collect, access and obtain through cookies and Pixel Tags to measure the effectiveness of the Clover Solution Widgets (e.g., whether you purchase or decline a voucher offer). Log Data collected from you when you visit our Site is also used by us for website usage analysis. 

**Information we receive about you from Clover Partners.** Independent of the information that we collect, access or obtain as described above, our Clover Partners also provide us with non-identifying information about their users, such as usage, demographic, and geographic information that does not personally identify an individual user (e.g., a user's gender, date of birth, hobbies, or interests). Occasionally, Clover Partners may also provide us with a limited amount of Personal Information about you (such as your name and email address) from time to time, in conjunction with this non-identifying information. This information is collected when you visit the websites of one of our Clover Partners or use their services, pursuant to such Clover Partner's information collection practices, which are typically outlined in a privacy policy like this one, provided on the Clover Partner's website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and online services you visit. If you do not wish to allow Clover Partners to share your Personal Information with their third-party service providers (such as Clover), you should follow the instructions set forth in a given Clover Partner's privacy policy or otherwise provided by the Clover Partner to indicate to the Clover Partner that you do not wish such Personal Information to be so shared. Clover's Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, such Clover Partners or other websites. 

**For Registered Users.** In addition to the personalization described above, when you create a Clover account and become a Registered User you are signing up to use our cross platform personalization service. In order to provide you with our service we will combine your Personal Information and non-identifying information which you provide to us in connection with your creation and use of your Clover account (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own), gender and individual preferences and purchase records) to create a profile of your preferences and purchasing behavior (collectively a " **User Profile** "). We will use your User Profile to deliver Clover Solution Widgets containing voucher offers based on your preferences and purchasing behavior on Clover Partner's websites or online services. Except as explicitly stated herein, Clover will not share the Personal Information part of your User Profile with third parties.

**Opting Out of Personalization.** As stated above, we use Web Usage Technologies to deliver Clover Solution Widgets based on your inferred interests, preferences and purchasing behavior. If you do not want us to collect information about you to customize your experience you can opt-out from us doing so in the following ways: 

  * **As a Clover Consumer that is not a Register User:** (i) by changing the cookie settings in your browser to stop accepting cookies; or (ii) by using our opt-out tool to place our "opt-out cookie" in your browser. You may access the tool by [Clicking Here](https://www.clover.com/optout). Thereafter, Clover Solution Widgets may still be served to you on the Publisher's websites that you visit, but the delivery of those widgets and the related voucher offers will not be based on your inferred interests. Please note that if you delete our opt-out cookie from your browser (e.g. by clearing all cookies from your browser) after you have used the Clover opt-out tool, you will need to use the tool again to reset our opt-out cookie – the presence of our opt-out cookie is the only way we can tell you do not want have your experience customized based on your inferred interests. 
  * **As a Registered User** , the advantage of joining the PCN is so you can enjoy our personalization service in order to have Clover Solution Widgets delivered to you based on your preferences and purchasing behavior. Similarly, to turn off the personalization service you will need to terminate your Clover account. You can do this by following the instructions in the [Clover Network Terms of Service Agreement](https://www.clover.com/tos). After you terminate your Clover account, Clover Solution Widgets may still be served to you on the Publisher's websites that you visit just like any other non-Registered User, but their delivery will not be based on your Personal Information. To opt-out of customization of your experience as a Clover Consumer that is not a Registered User, see the above description of the opt-out process. 



### Information Sharing and Disclosure

**Registered Users**. " **Clover Activity Data** " means your name, expressed buying interests, voucher purchases and the comments you post to the PCN through use of your Clover account and any other data you have chosen to share publicly or with "friends" per your Entry Point Site account settings. **Your Clover Activity Data is only viewable by your Facebook "friends" when they are using the PCN as Registered Users and this information will never be broadcast outside of the PCN or on other parts of Facebook without your explicit prior consent.** As a Registered User, you control what information about you is seen and broadcast to other Registered Users. When you access and use the Clover Solution via an Entry Point Site, subject to the privacy settings you've set in your account for the Entry Point Site, your Clover Activity Data will be made available to other Registered Users. For example, when you register with Clover via your Facebook account your Clover Activity Data will also include your "likes" and "check-ins" if you have indicated in your Facebook account that you wish to share that data. If at any time you wish to change which of your Facebook "friends" see your Clover Activity Data, you must change your privacy settings in your Facebook account. When you access and use the PCN directly and not through an Entry Point Site, you can also choose what Clover Activity Data is seen by other Registered Users by configuring your "user preferences" in your Clover account. 

**Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. 

**Service Providers**. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our providing the Site and services related to the PCN ( _e.g._ , without limitation, maintenance services, database management, payment processing services, web analytics, improvement of the PCN's features and handling of commercial transactions). These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

**Merchants**. We may share your Personal Information with Merchants as necessary for the applicable Merchant to fulfill your voucher purchase order. 

**Entry Point Sites**. As stated above, we may receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your account with the Entry Point Site, if any. Other than what we may share with the Entry Point Site in connection with your linking of accounts, the Personal Information an Entry Point Site has about you is obtained by the Entry Point Site independent of our service. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personal Information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and online services you visit. 

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement**. Clover cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Clover or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

**Business Transfers**. Clover may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 

### Changing or Deleting Information

All Registered Users may review, update, or correct the Personal Information in their Clover account by logging into their Clover account. However, if you want to make any changes to the information contained in your account on an Entry Point Site, you need to do that through the applicable Entry Point Site. You may email us at [privacy@clover.com](mailto:privacy@clover.com) with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. 

### B. CLOVER PARTNERS: PUBLISHERS AND MERCHANTS

This section of the Privacy Policy applies _only_ to information our Merchants and Publishers (which enter into separate agreements with Clover) may provide to Clover during their registration with Clover via the Site and in conjunction with their access to and use of the PCN.

### Clover Partner Information Collection and Use

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our services, features and content, to administer your Clover account, and to enable Clover Partners to easily navigate the Site.

**Personally Identifiable Information**. In connection with your use of the PCN, we may ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (" **Personal Information** "). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, Clover account password, bank information, domain address in the case of Publishers for serving Clover Solution Widgets, Federal Tax ID number, email address and home and business postal addresses and other personal information listed in the Clover account registration form (collectively, a " **Partner Profile** "). We also collect non-identifying information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your Partner Profile (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences). We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your non-identifying information) to provide the PCN related services, complete your transactions, administer payments, address your inquiries, and contact you regarding Clover account activities or communications relevant to your participation in the PCN. Except as explicitly stated herein, Clover will not share the Personal Information part of your Partner Profile with third parties. 

**Log Data**. When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (" **Log Data** "). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (" **IP** ") address, the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, browser type, operating system, the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. 

**Cookies & Similar Technologies**. We use cookies to help us collect, maintain and use information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site, to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Clover Partners and web traffic routing on the Site. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all of its functionality. We may also use "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (individually or collectively " **Pixel Tags** ") in combination with cookies in connection with our service to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, which is typically a transparent graphic that is placed on a webpage and may be associated with cookies on your hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of our Site's services. 

### Information Sharing and Disclosure

**Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information**. We may share aggregated information that does not include personally identifiable information and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your personally identifiable information. 

**Service Providers**. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site and services we make available via the PCN, to provide such services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and services are used. These third parties have access to your personally identifiable information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement**. Clover cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Clover or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

**Business Transfers**. Clover may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 

### Changing or Deleting Your Information

All Clover Partners may review, update, or correct the Personal Information in their registration profile by logging into their Clover account. You may email us at [privacy@clover.com](mailto:privacy@clover.com) with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

### C. GENERAL

The following provisions apply to Clover Consumers and Clover Partners. 

### Security 

The security of your Personal Information is important to us. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. When you enter sensitive information (such as password or credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. In some cases, we also encrypt or cryptographically hash sensitive information where it is stored on our systems.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

### International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Clover transfers personally identifiable information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information, or your submission of such information to us or your consent to a Publisher to share your information with Clover represents your agreement to that transfer.

### Links to Other Sites

The PCN may contain links to other websites or online services, e.g.:

  * If you are a Registered User, your Clover account will be linked to the applicable Entry Point Site.
  * A version of the Clover Solution which runs on Entry Point Sites, and third party platforms.
  * There may be advertisements served to you within the Site.
  * You may be brought to the website of our third party payment processors.



If you click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website or online service. The fact that we link to a website or online service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites or online services. These other websites or online services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit Personal Information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personal Information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and online services you visit. 

### Phishing

Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to Clover. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your Clover account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission's website.

### Our Policy Toward Children

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [ privacy@clover.com](mailto:privacy@clover.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such information from our files. 

### Contacting Us 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@clover.com](mailto:privacy@clover.com). 
