> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gameinformer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040604005820id_/http%3A//www.gameinformer.com/OtherPages/BottomNav/PrivacyPolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GameInformer.com - Misc

**PRIVACY POLICY**

  
Last Updated: September 5, 2003

  
Welcome to Game Informer Online (the “Site”), the Web destination for readers of Game Informer magazine.  The Site provides video game related content for all visitors as well as enhanced content and message boards, among other items, for registered users (such enhanced content and message boards, among other items, are referred to herein as the “Service”).  The Site and the Service are provided by Game Informer Online / Sunrise Publications, Inc., with an address at 724 1st Street North, 4th floor, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401 (“Game Informer”), subject to this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) and any other documents available on or through <http://www.gameinformer.com/OtherPages/BottomNav/TermsAndConditions.htm>  (collectively and separately referred to as the “Game Informer Terms of Service”).  This Policy (i) covers Game Informer’s treatment of personally identifiable information collected when you are on the Site and when you use the Service, and (ii) discloses Game Informer’s information gathering and dissemination practices for the Site and the Service.  Game Informer may, but is not obligated to, update this Policy from time to time, so please refer to <http://www.gameinformer.com/OtherPages/BottomNav/PrivacyPolicy.htm> periodically.  If Game Informer makes any changes to the Policy, Users (defined below) will be notified through a prominently posted announcement on the Site and/or in the Service.

1.       What Information Is Collected Through The Service, From Whom Is It Collected, How Is It Collected, And Who Has Access To It. 1.1.  Private Information.  In connection with the Service, and during registration or account management, subscribing users (“Users”) provide certain personally identifiable information (the “Private Information”).  Such Private Information is viewed and maintained only by Game Informer (subject only to Section 8 below).  Such Private Information may include, without limitation, (i) email addresses (which Game Informer may use from time to time to verify enrollment, to distribute news about the Service, or to communicate with Users regarding service issues, among other purposes), (ii) first, last, and middle name, (iii) birthdate, (iv) credit card or checking account numbers (used to bill Users for use of fee-bearing functionality of the Service or eCommerce transactions, (v) a User-specified password, (vi) mailing addresses, (vii) zip codes, and (viii) telephone numbers.

1.2.  Aggregate Information.  Certain information that is not provided directly by anyone is collected by Game Informer regarding all Users who browse the Site or access the Service.  Aggregate Information includes, but is not limited to a User’s, (i) Internet browser type (e.g., Internet Explorer 6.0), (ii) IP address, (iii) resolution settings, (iv) platform type, and (v) originating urls.  Game Informer uses Aggregate Information to (a) help diagnose problems with Game Informer’ server(s), (b) measure usage of the Site and the Service, (c) administer the Service and the Site, (d) inform Game Informer’s sponsors and advertisers as to the number of Users who fall into certain demographic categories, (e) provide Game Informer’s sponsors and advertisers with information regarding which Users saw and clicked on certain advertisements on the Sites, or (f) perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior or Users to measure User demographics generally.

2.       Cookies.Game Informer may use Cookies to store a User’s individual preferences and system parameters.  Cookies are small electronic data files that Web sites can store on a User’s hard drive for record keeping purposes.  Game Informer will not store Private Information in a cookie.  Cookies may be used on the Sites or within the Service, by way of example only and without limitation, to limit the number of times a User would have to enter a password.  The use of cookies in standard in the Internet industry and many web sites use them.  In addition, a User may modify his or her browser’s settings to notify such User whenever a web site is going to deposit a cookie on such User’s hard drive.  The notification option generally gives the User the opportunity to decide whether to accept or refuse a cookie in each instance.

3.       Who Is Collecting The Information.All Information collected (i.e., Private and Aggregate Information) on the Sites and as part of the Service, is collected and maintained solely by Game Informer.

4.       Is The Information Shared With Anyone.Game Informer will never share Private Information with anyone without a User’s permission (see Sections 5, and 9).  Aggregate Information may be shared with Game Informer’ partners, sponsors, or advertisers (see Section 5).

5.       Use Of The Information In Connection With Promotions, Contests, and Advertising.Game Informer may, from time to time, run promotions or contests on the Site in connection with the Service.  In addition, certain of the promotions or contests may be sponsored by third parties.  If Game Informer collects any data as part of a sponsored promotion or contest, it will share that data with the third party sponsor.  In connection with each sponsored promotion or contest, the promotion or contest registration forms will prominently feature a notice from Game Informer that any information collected in connection with such promotion or contest will be shared with a third party sponsor.  If you do not want Game Informer to share such information, then you can opt not to participate in a certain promotion or contest.

In addition, if during the registration process you informed Game Informer (by way of a check box or other method) that you would be interested in receiving information or offers from Game Informer’ partners, sponsors or advertisers or about other topics that might be of interest, Game Informer may share your email address with such partners, sponsors, or advertisers to help them provide you with such requested information. 

6.       How Can You Access, Change, or Delete Your Information.You can change, edit, delete, or update your Private Information at any time and from time to time by following the instructions in the My Account section of the Site (you also may point your browser to the following url [https://www.gameinformer.com/MyAccount.aspx](https://www.gameinformer.com/MyAccount.aspx) ).  You may terminate your membership at any time, and for any reason by going to the Customer Service section of the Site (you also may point your browser to the following url:  <http://www.gameinformer.com/OtherPages/BottomNav/CustomerService.htm>).

7.       Links To / From Other Sites.This Policy applies only to information collected while a User is on the Site or using the Service.  The Site and the Service contain links to other websites and, conversely, other websites may contain links to the Site and/or the Service.  Game Informer is not aware of and is not responsible for the privacy policies, practices, or content of such other websites.  If you visit such other websites, Game Informer encourages you to read and become familiar with the privacy policies maintained by such other websites.

8.       How Is Your Information Protected / Security Measures.Game Informer takes extreme precautions to protect the information of its Users.  When the Service requests sensitive User information (including, without limitation, Private Information) the information is encrypted and protected.  Game Informer’s database of User information resides on Game Informer servers behind various firewalls to protect against loss, misuse, theft, and unauthorized modification, deletion, or alteration of the information contained in such database.  In addition, Game Informer has taken preventive measures to restrict access to sensitive data and Private Information, as well as to detect, police, and prohibit certain communications and operations by unauthorized users.  Only employees of Game Informer who require access to certain information to perform specific employment tasks are granted limited access to such information.  Game Informer makes no claim or warranty as to the security or impenetrability of Game Informer’s system under unusual circumstances or its resilience to future sophisticated attacks. 

9.       When Might Information Be Disclosed As A Matter Of Law.Game Informer may disclose Private Information to unrelated parties in special cases when Game Informer has reason to believe that that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against a person or persons who may be causing injury to, or interference with, the rights or property of Game Informer, other Users, or any third party.  In addition, Game Informer may disclose information about individual Users to law enforcement agencies, judicial or government authorities, or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.

10.   Information of Minors & Children.Game Informer is not targeting the Site or the Service to children, and Game Informer does not collect contact information from children under the age of 13.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not email Game Informer, contact the Site, attempt to use the Service, submit information to the Site, or ask Game Informer to email you.  If you are under the age of 18, you should get permission from a parent or guardian before you email Game Informer, contact the Site, attempt to use the Service, submit information to the Site, or ask Game Informer to email you.
