> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gameportalis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150612235744id_/http%3A//www.gameportalis.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# » Privacy & PolicyGameportalis.com, gateway to the best games online

Thank you for visiting our web site. Gameportalis is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.

This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.

**Collection of Information  
**We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses from website visitors who create and account on this website or sign up for our newsletter. The provided information is used to identify the visitor on this website and to send newsletters.

We may use your email address or personal details to contact you from time to time about matters directly related to our website, such as sending you a password reminder, or changes in our website that may affect you. Your email address or any other part of your personal information will never be used for marketing purposes or be disclosed to third parties. You will be able to remove any of your personal information stored in our systems at any time, by using the on-line forms on our website. You need to contact us at support[at]Gameportalis.com when you want to de-activate your whole account. All historical data of your account will be stored in our systems for 24 months.

**Cookie/Tracking Technology**

The site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.

**Google Analytics  
**This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of our website and to compile statistical reports.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors of our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

**Advertisements  
**When you visit this website, you may view advertisements posted on the site by Google or other companies. These advertising companies may collect information about you while you are visiting this website and other websites. They may use this data to show you advertisements on this website and elsewhere on the Internet about products and services you might like.

This website does not collect the information or control the content of the advertisements that you will see. You may be able to opt out of such advertising. You can find out more about Google and its DoubleClick DART cookie used to generate interest-based advertising at http://www.google.com/privacy/ads.

Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising.

**Distribution of Information**

We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.

**Commitment to Data Security  
**Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees and website developers (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.

**Links  
**This website contains links to other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**Children  
**This site is not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under 16.

**Changes to this privacy policy  
**If we ever change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page. For further questions please contact us using the contact form.
