> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamespipe.net privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170223151118id_/http%3A//gamespipe.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/gamespipe_privacy_policy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Protection Declaration

Data Protection Declaration
The protection of your personal data is very important to us. Below we inform you of the
type, method and objective of the collection and processing of your personal data in
connection with the use of this website.
1.   We collect and process personal data giving due consideration to data protection
     laws in order to guarantee and optimise our website and for the purpose of
     performing the contractual relationship. Your data will not be passed on to third
     parties, unless there is a legal obligation to disclose it, e.g. due to a demand made
     by a public prosecutor or a judicial order.
2.   As soon as you visit our website or access a file, technical information such as the
     browser type and the date and time of the processing request is recorded and
     stored anonymously. Evaluating information such as this enables us to continually
     improve our website and its user-friendliness.
3.   You also have the option to get in touch with us via the contact form or to enter into
     a contractual relationship. The information that you enter in connection with this is
     provided by you with your explicit consent. The personal data that we receive from
     you will be used exclusively for the purpose for which you have submitted the data
     to us, and in order to keep you up to date regarding changes and news in relation
     to our offer. You will only be sent electronic and postal advertising material to the
     extent permitted by applicable laws. You are entitled to revoke your permission to
     process and use your data at any time and free of charge, with effect for future use.
     Sending a message to that effect to the address stated on the site notice page will
     be sufficient.
4.   Our website also uses cookies. Cookies are files that transmit the web pages you
     visit onto your computer for identification purposes, which facilitates navigation for
     subsequent visits. Thanks to the cookies, not all required data has to be entered
     again with each use. It makes it possible for us to tailor our web pages to your
     specific needs. If you do not want cookies to be used, you can refuse acceptance of
     cookies in your browser. Please refer to your browser manufacturer’s manual for
     detailed information as to how this is done. Please note, however, that the
     deactivation may impair the functional scope of our website offer.
5.   Google Analytics: some of our websites use Google Analytics, a web analysis service
     of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, small text files
     which are stored on your computer and enable the manner in which you have used
     the website to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about your use
     of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the
     USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the
     website, to compile reports about the website activities for the operator of the
     website and to provide other services connected with the use of the website and the
     use of the Internet. Google may also pass this information on to third parties if
     need be, if this is required by law or if third parties are processing said data on
     behalf of Google. Google shall under no circumstances connect your IP address with
     other Google data. You are able to prevent the installation of cookies by setting
     your browser software accordingly; however, we must point out to you that if you
     do so it is possible that not all functions of this website will be usable to the fullest
     extent. By using this website you are declaring your consent to the processing of
     the data relating to you collected by Google in the manner and for the purposes
     described above. The data collection and use of your IP address can be revoked at
     any time with effect for future use tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We must
     point out to you that on this website the Google Analytics code has been expanded
     with the code "gat._anonymizeIp();" and that your IP addresses are therefore only


   processed in a shortened format in order to rule out the possibility of a direct link
   with your person being established.
6. Facebook: our website links up to the social network Facebook.de, which is
   operated by Facebook Inc., 1601. S.California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304 USA. If you
   are logged on to Facebook, it can give your Facebook account your permission for
   data transfer to Facebook. Information on the purpose and extent of the data
   collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, as well as your
   corresponding rights and options for setting your privacy protection, can be found in
   Facebook’s data protection information.
7. We also use Twitter and the re-tweet functions, i.e. so-called “social plugins” of
   twitter.com, operated by Twitter Inc. 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA
   94107. If you use the re-tweet function the website that you have visited will be
   disclosed to third parties and will be connected to your twitter account. Detailed
   information about twitter’s handling of your data and about your rights and options
   for setting your privacy protection can be assigned if you press the “Like” button on
   twitter and can be found in Twitter’s data protection information:
   http://twitter.com/privacy.
8. We have put in place extensive technical and organisational security measures in
   order to protect your data from unauthorized access or misuse. Our security
   procedures are checked regularly and are updated in line with technological
   progress.
9. If you so request, we can let you know in writing whether we hold any data about
   you and, if so, what data. In accordance with current law you are also entitled to
   demand the correction, blocking and deletion of your personal data, provided that
   no legal regulations prohibit this. Please contact the address stated on the site
   notice page.
