> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamesjockey.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071029033122id_/http%3A//www.gamesjockey.com/privacy_policy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Games, free games, myspace games, online games, download free games, online play games, games myspace codes, myspace game codes, flash games, game codes, free myspace games, wallpapers, screensavers

**Games Jockey** is firmly committed to the privacy of our users' personal information. Our staff, contractors and others who help us operate our web sites follow this policy on privacy and fair information practices for online activities of Gamesjockey.com. We outline here the information-collection procedure and usage practices for our website, www.gamesjockey.com. By using this website, you agree to accept this Privacy Policy and are aware that our policy may change over time as discussed below. **Third Party Advertising**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. **Third Party Cookies**  
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. **Links**  
Games Jockey also links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users. **Questions or Suggestions**  
If you have any questions concerning the privacy policies of Games Jockey, please send email with your questions to **[links@gamesjockey.com](mailto:links@gamesjockey.com)**
