> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamerival.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-08-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040803113349id_/http%3A//gamerival.com/index.cfm%3Faction%3Dsite%26option%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GameRival - Free Online Games!

Intermix Media, Inc ([http://www.intermix.com](http://www.intermix.com/)) is a network of Web sites (referred to hereafter as the "Intermix Network" or "Network") providing diversionary entertainment and topical news, information and editorial content to millions of users and subscribers daily. The information collected from users of, and subscribers to, the various sites comprising the Intermix™ Network, and the manner in which that information is used, may vary slightly from site to site depending on the nature of the site and the chosen level of involvement of the user. Nevertheless, the information contained in this policy, and Intermix Network's respect for its users' privacy in general, is uniformly applicable across the Network. 

**What user information is collected by Intermix Network and how is this information used?**

**Information automatically collected.**  
Network sites automatically collect and store the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Network site. Intermix Network uses this information to measure the number of visitors to the sites in the Network and to different sections of a site, to better develop the Network sites to address Network users' preferences and to attract new users, and, in some instances, to properly credit third-parties who refer users to a site in the Network. 

**Information collected for use of services and features.**  
In addition to the information automatically collected any time a user visits a site in the Network, users are frequently asked to provide certain information in order to take advantage of the services and features offered across the Network. Users of sites in the Network are often able to enter contests, sign up to receive or send electronic newsletters, greetings and other emails or content (such as weekly jokes), become members, play games and participate in chat rooms. To provide these services to our users, we generally require that the user provide no more than a name and an email address. We use the information collected to distribute the requested newsletter or other content, to notify contest winners, to enable password protected access to certain services and sections within sites on the Network, and to provide whatever other service the user has authorized in providing the contact information. 

**Information collected for online purchases.**  
Some Network sites offer users the opportunity to purchase products, such as music CDs or inkjet printer refill cartridges. To complete such a transaction, users are asked to provide their name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number and credit card expiration date. Once entered, this information is usually saved by the e-commerce site. When you choose to make future purchases through a Network e-commerce site, this information automatically appears in the appropriate spaces (i.e. the information fields are "pre-populated") on the web page within the site for placing orders. 

**Information requested and voluntarily provided.**  
Intermix Network may occasionally poll users of Network sites and request background information from users such as address, age range, gender, occupation, interests, hobbies, etc. (also known as demographic information). Also, in connection with signing up for, or subscribing to, the services and features offered across the Network, a site may request background information to be optionally provided by the user along with whatever other information is required. The background information collected in user polls and in connection with subscriptions and sign-ups lets Intermix Network and its advertisers and marketing partners know, in general, who Network users are and what they like. This, in turn, helps ensure that ads, offers and promotions published on Network sites or delivered to subscribers in emails will be relevant and of some value to Network users. Background user information is also commonly reported by Intermix Network in aggregate statistical fashion to third parties interested in knowing what type of audience the Network is attracting. 

**Use of Cookies and storage of user information.** The first time a user provides an email address in connection with their activities at a site in the Network, Intermix Network assigns an identification number to that email address and deploys a cookie to the user's PC. Whenever that user comes back to a Network site using the same PC, the cookie allows the site to identify the user and to recall the user's email address. If, at any time, a user provides other information in connection with their activities on a Network site (such as name, address, birth date, gender, etc. in connection with, e.g., entering a contest, completing a survey, or signing up for a promotional offer from Intermix Network or a third-party advertiser), Intermix Network may store that information, along with the user's email address, in its user database. Intermix Network uses the information stored in its database (i) for the purpose for which the information was originally provided by a user, (ii) to pre-populate information fields in the event a user wishes to sign up for and/or subscribe to services, promotions or offers in the future, (iii) to ensure that a user will not be repeatedly exposed to the same ads, offers and promotions while visiting Network sites, and (iv) to, in connection with regular communication with a user, include offers, promotions or advertisements historically, or likely to be, of interest to that user. Intermix Network does not require users to enable the use of cookies on their browsers in order to access Network sites and participate 
