> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamesrocket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606195739id_/https%3A//www.gamesrocket.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The provider utilises the data given by the customer (e.g. title, name, email address) according to the regulations of the German data protection law.

The personal data of the customer are only utilised to process the contract concluded between the parties, e.g. for billing purposes.

All personal data of the customer that was transmitted to the provider will not be made available to third parties without written approval of the customer, unless this has to ensue according to ordinance by law or the responsible authorities.

After the processing of the contract is completed, including the full payment of the stipulated charges, the customer data, which have to be stored for legal reasons, will be blocked. This data is no longer available for any further use. Apart from that, the personal data is deleted if the customer has not particularly agreed to further processing and use of his data.

**How we use cookies**

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

**Links to other websites**

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**Automatic Collection of Information**

If you purchase any products online, or have any other interaction with our Websites, we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions. We may also send you personalized emails. These communications may contain links to our Websites that could include unique identifiers capable of correlating any resulting web activity to the originating email communication. Like many websites, we may use tracking pixels/web beacons, "cookies", or other technologies to receive and store certain information, and this information may also be used by certain third-party advertisers with which we have agreements. Our relationship with third-party advertisers is discussed in more detail under the heading "Third-Party Advertising" below. For example, cookies are placed on your computer (explained in more detail below) to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart. This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact. It also lets us personalize your experience at our Websites, tailoring the content to your interests. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously, but if you use these utilities, it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer.

If you need further information or want your data to be deleted, please contact our support team.
