> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamevance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071217082422id_/http%3A//www.gamevance.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Gamevance - Privacy Policy

**Gamevance – Privacy Policy**

Gamevance makes this Website (the "Site") available to registered members of the Site ("Members"), subject to this privacy policy (the "Policy") and the Gamevance Terms and Conditions ("Member Agreement"). This Policy explains what information Gamevance collects about Members on the Site, how Gamevance uses and maintains the information. By becoming a Member of Gamevance and using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, in whole or part, you should not use this Site or become a Member. If you are a Member and do not agree with the terms of this Policy, you must immediately terminate your account. 

The Policy applies only to information collected on the Site and not to information collected or obtained from other sources. 

Collection of Personally Identifiable Information   
Gamevance collects personally identifiable information ("PII") from Members that is volunteered by Members during the registration process or in response to specific information requests. Gamevance also collects PII which third parties provide to Gamevance in accordance with their respective privacy policies. Examples of PII that may be requested and/or collected include: first and last name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. In order to allow Gamevance to comply with applicable legal reporting requirements, Members who win certain prizes on the Site may be requested to provide their information and agree to have their name and likeness, such as a photograph, published for marketing purposes. All prize winners must comply with any sweepstakes or contest rules that are published and relevant to the particular event where a prize has been awarded. Gamevance never shares social security numbers to any third party, unless required by law for tax and reporting purposes. From time to time, Gamevance may also present opportunities for Members to voluntarily provide a limited amount of general demographic information about themselves, which may include their gender, birth date, marital status, education, occupation, and household income. 

**Use and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information**  
Gamevance reserves the right to use PII: (1) for the specific purpose for which such information was provided; (2) as disclosed at the time such information is provided; or (3) as disclosed in this Policy. However, please note that Gamevance Inc. may change this Policy at any time (See "Changes to this Policy," below), and that therefore Gamevance may in the future use PII for additional purposes not currently included in this Policy. Please check this Policy frequently so you can view the current Policy. 

When you register to become a Member, you are automatically registered to become a Member of all other online properties in the Gamevance network (collectively, the "Network Sites"). Accordingly, Gamevance may share PII with the Network Sites. 

Gamevance may share PII (except for credit card information and social security number) with its partners, sponsors, advertisers, independent contractors, service providers and marketers, lookup and reference services, and any other entities that Gamevance believes are able to provide Members with special offers and opportunities. Note that although Gamevance advises everyone who receives PII from Gamevance to support this Policy, Gamevance has no control over such party's information handling practices and is not responsible for any failure of such party to adhere to this Policy. As provided in the Member Agreement, Members are required to provide their PII to Gamevance as a condition of Membership, and to understand and agree that Gamevance may share their PII with the Network Sites and unaffiliated third parties. If you do not provide the required PII or do not agree that Gamevance may share your PII with such entities, you may not register as a Member, and if you are already a Member, you must immediately terminate your account, by following the instructions in the "Terminate Account" section below. Additionally, Gamevance may share Member PII in aggregate, non-personal form, with select companies that wish to reach a particular Member target audience. This information will allow these entities to provide relevant offers to a specific group of Members. Finally, Gamevance may disclose PII in order to: (1) comply with applicable laws; (2) respond to governmental inquiries; (3) comply with valid legal process and research or prepare for litigation or threat of litigation; and (4) protect the rights or property of Gamevance, the Network Sites or other Members and users of the Site. 

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**  
Gamevance also collects certain non-personally identifiable information, including the non-personally identifiable information more fully described below. 

Cookies. Gamevance uses "cookies" on the Site. Cookies are small pieces of information that Gamevance's server places on an individual's computer hard drive to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with the Site and Gamevance e-mails. For example, Gamevance will place a cookie on a Member's computer when he/she initially registers with the Site. The next time that Member visits the Site, Gamevance's server will recognize the cookie (and the Member) and allow the Member to play the game immediately without signing in. While some Web browsers allow a Member to automatically reject all cookies or be notified when a cookie is about to be placed on the Member's computer, disabling this feature may compromise the efficiency and added services that cookies provide. 

IP Address. Gamevance collects your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with Gamevance's server, and to administer this Site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data. 

Clear GIFs. Gamevance uses a common technology known as a "Clear GIF" or "1-by-1 Pixel" on the Site and in e-mail communications with Members. A Clear GIF, or "graphic interface format" is a small graphic (in fact, truly a 1x1 pixel) that Gamevance (or a partner of Gamevance) places on the Site or in an e-mail. GIFs, which do not contain any PII, provide Gamevance with important information about how Members use the Site and respond to e-mail messages. With this information, Gamevance is better able to track the performance of certain promotions and understand the effectiveness of particular creative e-mail presentations. Gamevance may also allow its advertisers and promotional partners the ability to use GIFs on the Site solely to track Members who link from their respective sites to this Site, but this ability to track such activity does not allow these entities access to Member PII. Although the information collected through the foregoing methods does not itself contain any PII, Gamevance may analyze and match such information with other information that you provide (including PII) as well as information that Gamevance may obtain elsewhere, and Gamevance may share all or some of such information with partners, prospective partners, and other affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. Gamevance may also disclose any of the non-personally identifiable information described above in order to (1) comply with applicable laws, (2) respond to governmental inquiries, (3) comply with valid legal process, or (4) protect the rights or property of Gamevance or its Members and users of the Site 

**Linking of Information**  
Gamevance may combine information provided by a Member with information obtained from other sources. Enhancing Member files with this other information will allow Gamevance to provide Members with more relevant services email promotional offers, and direct mail pieces. For example, a Member's user profile will automatically be updated with any information that user enters on any of the Network Sites. Likewise, any information provided to Gamevance will be used to update the Member's profile on the Network Sites. 

**Opt-Out of Gamevance E-mails**   
When you become a Member, you will automatically be registered to receive promotional offers and updates, via email from Gamevance, from the Network Sites and other associated email brands. Additionally, when you register to become a Member on the Site, you will be provided with the opportunity to receive promotional offers via e-mail, from partners of Gamevance While some of these opportunities will only be sent to you if you expressly request them, others may be sent to you unless you elect not to receive them. Accordingly, when you register, please review these offers carefully. Members may, at any time, choose not to receive promotional e-mails from Gamevance, the Network Sites or partners of Gamevance by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in any e-mail, or terminating their Gamevance account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Gamevance may at any time contact Members for the purpose of communicating important information about Gamevance to Members. Note that unsubscribing from one e-mail list does not automatically unsubscribe you from any other e-mail list that you may be on. Please read the e-mail carefully to find out which list you are unsubscribing from. If you would like to unsubscribe from all e-mail lists, you must terminate your account. In addition, if we have shared your information with one of our partners, unsubscribing from our list will not prevent these third parties from emailing you. 

**Third Party Services**  
Certain activities, information and services available to Members are provided by entities not affiliated with Gamevance. For example, if you choose to purchase a product or service or play a game from the site, the information you provide in connection with such purchase or game play may be made available to a third party to satisfy that purpose. Although Gamevance advises all of its partners to support this Policy, Gamevance has no control over their information handling practices and is not responsible for any failure of such partners to adhere to this Policy. 

**Third Party Cookies**   
In the course of serving advertisements to this Site, third-party advertisers or ad servers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. The use of cookies by such third party advertisers or ad servers is not subject to this Policy, but is subject to their own respective privacy policies. 

**Links from the Site**  
Gamevance provides links to many of Gamevance's advertiser and partner Web sites. If you link to any of these third party Web sites, this Policy will not apply to your use of, and activities on, those sites. We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on these sites, including their privacy policies. Gamevance shall have no responsibility or liability for your visitation to, and the data collection and use practices of, these sites. 

International Law. Should any law present in the nation where you reside or conduct business be such that any product, service, or activity conducted by, on, or via our site is banned, regulated, controlled or illegal then you are asked not to participate in any service, product or activity offered by, on or via this site. 

**Note Concerning Users Under 18 Years of Age**  
Unless otherwise noted, the Site, the Gamevance e-mails and the content available in connection therewith, are neither intended for, nor directed to, persons under the age of 14. Except as otherwise noted, if Gamevance learns that a person who registers on the Site is under the age of 14, Gamevance will promptly terminate that individual's membership. 

**Children's Privacy**  
This Site is not open to children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age. 

**Security**  
While Gamevance takes reasonable precautions to safeguard information transmitted between Gamevance and Members and/or users of the Site, Gamevance may be unable to prevent unauthorized access by third parties or inadvertent disclosure. Members and users acknowledge this risk when communicating with Gamevance.

**Consent to Processing**  
By providing PII and other information to Gamevance, Members and users of the Site fully understand and consent to the collection and processing of such information in, and the transfer of such information to, the United States and other countries or territories, in accordance with the terms of this Policy. 

**Transfer in Certain Circumstances**  
In its sole discretion, Gamevance may transfer, sell or assign information collected on or about Members and/or users of the Site, including without limitation, PII and other Member provided information, to one or more third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of Gamevance. 

**Terminate Account**  
Members of the Site who disagree with any provision of this Policy must immediately terminate their account with Gamevance Accounts may be terminated by emailing unsubscribe@gamevance.com. All inquiries concerning the use of Member PII by a third party must be communicated to that third party, and not to Gamevance.

**Changes to this Policy**  
Gamevance may, from time to time, amend this Policy, in whole or part, in its sole discretion. Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised policy on the Site. Depending on the nature of the change, Gamevance may announce the change (1) on the home page of the Site, or (2) provide such notice via e-mail to Members. By continuing to use the Site following any changes or by remaining a Member, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. Presented by Gamevance.  

