> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gameduell.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160504040708id_/http%3A//www.gameduell.co.uk/help/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Protection at GameDuell

## GameDuell Privacy Policy

##### At GameDuell, we take our Privacy Policy seriously and respect your right to confidentiality.

### 1\. Protection of personal data

We hold data protection guidelines, especially those outlined in the German Data Protection Law (BDSG), with utmost respect. The German Teleservices Data Protection Act is in place to regulate the collection, processing, and use of personal data by teleservice providers.

In accordance with the regulations outlined in the German Teleservices Data Protection Act, we may only collect, process, and use personal data for which we have been granted legal permission to, for which we have received consent to, or for which is needed for initiating a contractual relationship and is necessary for billing purposes. The use of your personal data shall take place regularly and only in order to execute and bill you for teleservices offered.

In the event that we wish to use or process your personal data for any additional purposes, namely those for which we do not possess a legal permit, then we will acquire your consent. Consent can also be issued via electronic means. When this method is used, we will inform you within the scope of the services we offer. You are, of course, always free to revoke your consent to future use of your personal data. To do so, please send an E-mail to [revoke-consent@gameduell.com](mailto:revoke-consent@gameduell.com).

In the event that you have registered with GameDuell via a media partner, then we will regularly ask for your consent to allow us to pass your personal data on to the applicable partner for the purposes of billing and advertising. If you would like to revoke your consent, please send an E-mail to [revoke-consent@gameduell.com](mailto:revoke-consent@gameduell.com).

### 2\. Cookies and website optimisation

In order to provide the best possible service for our users, we use "cookies” which enable us to analyse user behaviour. We currently use the tracking and analysis technology from "Google Analytics."

The analysis is conducted **partially anonymously** so that exact conclusions about you as a user are not possible. The data is only temporarily saved for the period of analysis. It is permanently deleted afterwards.

The compiled data cannot be used to personally identify users of our website. The data is exclusively used for the purpose of optimising our offer. An additional use or transmission of the data to a third party does not occur at any time.

Through the use of this website you have declared yourself in agreement with the use of data collected from you in the manner described above and for the previously mentioned purpose. You can, of course, revoke this anonymous analysis of your surfing behaviour at any time by sending a mail to [revoke-consent@gameduell.com](mailto:revoke-consent@gameduell.com).

### 3\. Details Concerning the Use of Google Analytics

GameDuell employs "Google Analytics" from Google Inc. ("Google") for the analysis of site usage. This service makes use of "cookies", or small text files that are saved onto your computer in order to enable this analysis. The information about your use of this website generated through the cookie is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and saved there.

Anonymisation: We advise you that the "Google Analytics" code "gat._anonymizeIp();" has been enabled on this website in order to ensure an anonymised record of IP addresses (so-called IP masking).

Google uses this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of the website, compile reports, and to ascertain related services in connection with website and internet usage of the site’s users.

The IP address transmitted from your browser within the framework of "Google Analytics" is not consolidated with other data from Google. You can prevent the saving of cookies through a corresponding configuration of your browser software. However, we advise you that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of various functions of this website.

In addition, you can prevent the compilation generated by the cookie, and the use of your site-related data (including your IP address) by Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the following browser plugin contained in this [link](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB).

You can find more information [here](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB) and [here](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html) (general information regarding "Google" Analytics and data protection).

### 4\. Standards of security

We, or a partner company, will use security measures and mechanisms (such as SSL encryption, cryptography), chosen with regard to present technological capabilites, in order to offer our services in a form which is secured as best possible against access and manipulation by third-parties.

In the event that you are forwarded to a separate service provider while using our services, we will inform you before you are forwarded.

You may use our services via a pseudonym-based username. If your IP address can be used to identify you, then you are permitted to employ additional measures to preserve your anonymity.

### 5\. Disclosure

If you have any questions then we would be pleased to provide more detailed information regarding your personal data. If you would like to be informed of exactly what personal data we possess, then please contact our [customer service](https://web.archive.org/contact.html). You will then receive a detailed reply in a reasonable amount of time.

### 6\. Information regarding types of data and how they are used

The following should serve as a brief overview of the types of data we save and how they are handled.

#### 7.1. User data

User data, data that you transmit to us in order to initiate a contractual agreement (contract data) may be collected, processed, and used without any additional consent. The processing of this data for additional purposes is only permitted in strict compliance with § 28 of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), or if you have issued us consent for such.

#### 7.2. Usage Date

We are permitted to collect, process, and use your usage data without first acquiring your consent as long as it is necessary to carry out our services or for billing purposes.

Furthermore, unless you revoke your consent, we are permitted to use your usage data for advertising, market research, and as seen fit to create user profiles under a pseudonym-based username within the scope of our offered services.

If you do not consent to the use of your usage data for these purposes, then please send us an E-mail at [revoke-usage-data@gameduell.com](mailto:revoke-usage-data@gameduell.com).

#### 7.3. Billing Data

We are legally permitted to process and transmit your usage data to trustworthy partner companies until the end our contractual relationship and beyond.

#### 7.4. Technical Safety measures

We take technical and organizational measures to ensure that your personal data saved on our servers will remain confidential. These measures are determined with regard to current technological capabilities.

#### 7.5. Data processing by third-party service providers

If we commision an external service provider (such as data processing centers, clearing houses) to process your personal data, then we will only use reputable companies whom are likewise obligated to uphold our Privacy Policy. In such an event, we will only provide the minimum data necessary for the company to complete the assigned tasks. Credit card and other payment information will only be transmitted for processing within the scope of the assignment for which the payment partner has been commisioned.

We will regularly check to ensure that commitments to our privacy policy are upheld as compliancy is very important to us.

### 7\. Questions regarding the Privacy Policy 

We hope that we have been able to fully detail how your personal data will be used. If you have any further questions, then an in-house specialist would be happy to give you further information. Please address all questions to [privacy-policy@gameduell.com](mailto:privacy-policy@gameduell.com).
