> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gaminglagoon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090330094737id_/http%3A//www.gaminglagoon.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Gaminglagoon.com | Member Security | Free Gaming Collectables, Game cards, Game Points, and Much More Gaming for Free

[ Gaming Lagoon ](https://web.archive.org/ "Gaming Lagoon") is serious about protecting our customers’ personal information. That’s why protecting any personal information, such as your name, address, e-mail address or phone number that you provide is the utmost importance to us. 

While doing business with you, we may have to gather certain information, such as your name, home address, and email address. We will not sell, rent, trade or give away individual, personally identifiable information entered on our sites to any third party. We collect such information so that we can process orders, personalize your shopping experience, or send you the latest product information and other useful material. If you do not wish to receive further material from [ Gaming Lagoon ](https://web.archive.org/ "Gaming Lagoon") you can simply respond to our email or otherwise tell us that you do not want to receive future communications.

When you provide personal information at our Stores our Call Centers, our Sites and to our Service Providers, you are consenting to the manner in which [ Gaming Lagoon ](https://web.archive.org/ "Gaming Lagoon") will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set out below.

Our Sites use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Sites can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can keep track of your transaction. All pages on our Sites that use our shopping cart technology require that you accept cookies. These cookies will provide us and our service providers with information that we will use to improve our Sites and the services we offer. Cookies are also required to optimize your shopping experience in that they allow you to add multiple items to your shopping basket before checking out. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, should you decide not to accept cookies from our Sites, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Sites.

[ Gaming Lagoon ](https://web.archive.org/ "Gaming Lagoon") is comprised of a family of companies and divisions brought together to provide you with a full suite of products and services. 

Our Sites may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers. Except as provided herein, we will not provide any of your personal information to these third parties without your prior consent.

[ Gaming Lagoon ](https://web.archive.org/ "Gaming Lagoon") provides links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose and otherwise treat your personal information. Ie, The Sponsors on our Freebie sites, fall into this prevision.

Spam or UCE, Unsolicited Commercial E-mail, is the Internet version of "Junk mail." It is an attempt to deliver a message to someone who would not otherwise choose to receive it. Potential target lists for spamming are created by scanning Usenet postings, stealing Internet mailing lists, or searching the Web for addresses. Such information is gathered with automated searches to retrieve e-mail addresses for spamming.

Gaming Lagoon does not spam. If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. By signing up, for our site you have agreed to opt-in to receiving our information. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.

Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email. If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to abuse [AT] gptpayments.com for review. To remove yourself from our in house list, visit [www.nomoreupdates.com](http://www.nomoreupdates.com/) and remove yourself from our list.

We store your information in our database upon you signing up for our site. We use the information in regards to our terms of service and privacy policy. We do not use this information expect for during the registration and verification processes. Gaming Lagoon uses your personal information to prepare an insurance quote for you. In the future we may share aggregated statistical information about the use of the Gaming Lagoon web site with third parties. In this case, individual users' personal information will not be identified. In the future we may share customer information with our affiliated companies to offer customers other products or services that may be of interest to them.

We value your business and want to deserve your trust. If you have comments, questions or suggestions, please let us know by visiting our Customer Service Link on this site.

We want to assure you that [ Gaming Lagoon ](https://web.archive.org/ "Gaming Lagoon") is dedicated to protecting your privacy. You can contact us or otherwise communicate your privacy concerns by clicking on the contact us link on our site,.
