> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamingintelligence.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140501124203id_/http%3A//www.gamingintelligence.com/privacy-terms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Terms

**PRIVACY POLICY**

The website GamingIntelligence.com (referred to as ´GI´) is owned and operated by Gaming Intelligence Services Limited (hereinafter referred to as 'GIS'), a company registered in England & Wales under registration no. 6039168.

GIS is committed to safeguarding the information that you provide to us. The following privacy policy will explain how we will use and protect the information that you provide to us.

By registering or visiting this Website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy. Our site contains links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy. Our recommendation is that you read the individual privacy policy of any such site.

**Collection of Information**

Personal information is collected on the GI website on behalf of Gaming Intelligence Services Ltd or any companies within the same group of companies.

We may collect personally identifiable information about you through:

1\. the use of registration forms

2\. when you purchase or subscribe to any of our products or services

3\. information about you from messages/comments you post to this Website, e-mails, e-mail attachments or by any other way of communicating with us.

4\. the provision of your details to us either online or offline

Examples of data we will collect may include:

Name

Job title

Company name

Company address, phone and fax number

E-mail address

Market research data such as readership patterns

Information regarding the use of our website and services

Payment details such as credit card information are not collected by or accessible to GI. This service is strictly the responsibility of the payment solution provider WorldPay.

We will also collect information automatically about your visit to our sites. When you log on as a subscriber, we may pass cookies to your computer. Further information on cookies can be found on [http://www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).

Advertisements you see on the GI site may have been generated by third parties. Third parties may generate their own cookies, for example, to track how many times a user has clicked on an advertisement. Third parties cannot access personal information held on you by GI.

GI have taken appropriate measures to safeguard the data of our subscribers and users. This data may be transferred outside GI to Data processors but they can act only according to our instructions.

**Transfer of Data**

Certain GIS servers are located in the United States of America and by registering on the site GamingIntelligence.com you consent to the transfer of your information to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and transmission of data on an international basis.

**Use of your Information**

Your information will enable GIS to provide you with access to all parts of this Website and to supply the services you have requested. It will also enable GIS to contact you where necessary. GIS will also use and analyse the information collected so that GIS can administer, support, improve and develop its business and services. If you register using a corporate email address, we may share this information with representatives of your company for the puposes of administering your account.

GIS might use your information to ask you for your views on the services offered, to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the Website or the services, and to contact/inform you about any services/news that you may be relevant as well as to send newsletters to you. We may also divulge your personal information when the law requires us to do so.

By providing your personal data, you consent to us processing your personal data in relation to the provision of our service, and the sharing of aggregate non-personally identifiable information with third parties.

Unless required or permitted to do so by law, GIS will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to GIS without your consent.

This privacy policy may be amended without notice to you. Your continued use of The Website will mean that you accept these changes.

If you wish to remove your name from our database, please e-mail us at [support@gamingintelligence.com](mailto:support@gamingintelligence.com).  
 

**TERMS & CONDITIONS**

Before completing your subscription order or free registration with the site we ask that you read the terms and conditions set out below.

[www.GamingIntelligence.com](http://www.gamingintelligence.com/) (The Website) and all associated publications (The Publications) are published and fully owned by Gaming Intelligence Services Limited (The Publisher, GIS), a company registered in England & Wales under registration no. 6039168.

The terms and conditions below apply on registration for access to the free areas of [www.GamingIntelligence.com](http://www.gamingintelligence.com/), or subscription to Gaming Intelligence Services pay for areas/products. Applicable sections apply to the free areas which do not require registration.

These terms apply to your use of Gamingintelligence.com hereafter known as GI and all Content herein both irrespective of the delivery platform you use - e.g. desktop PC, laptop, mobile device or otherwise - and irrespective of how the GI Content is delivered to you - e.g. via web browser, Mobile Internet browser, email, or otherwise.

**Permitted Use**

All GI Content belongs to Gaming Intelligence Services Ltd. GI own all intellectual property rights (including copyright, graphics, code, design and database rights) in the GI Content and any selection or arrangement of the GI Content. Images and logos that are registered trademarks or copyrighted remain the property of their rightful owners.

You may for non-commercial use:

1\. retrieve and display GI Content on any compatible device;

2\. You are allowed to use information and extracts from our website in presentations as long as you refer to Gaming Intelligence.

3\. Use spidering technology to search and link to GI, provided that you do not infringe the Restrictions on Use below.

Without limitation, you, or anyone you permit, may not do any of the following without prior written permission from Gaming Intelligence Services Ltd.

1\. redistribute any of the GI Content, content aggregation, news aggregation, library, archive or similar service); or

2\. create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically and/or regularly downloading, caching, printing and storing all or any of the GI Content (by spidering or otherwise); or

3\. frame, harvest or fetch the GI Content or otherwise access the GI Content for similar purposes; or

4\. use any automatic (RSS, feeder or other similar services) or manual retrieval of information from our website for commercial purposes where the information is passed on and used by any other company or person other than the registered subscriber; or

5\. allow any colleague or other person access to the website or to pass on pay for articles (articles that are accessible against a payment to GIS), compilations or other original material retrieved from herein.

The information presented on the Website is for personal use only and not for reproduction or sharing in any way. If you wish to reproduce any content, visit our news syndication page for further information or contact [support@gamingintelligence.com](mailto:support@gamingintelligence.com).

By registering at GI, you agree that this registration allows access to the site only to you (the registered subscriber) and that you will maintain the username and password associated with access to the site in the strictest confidence. You agree that you are responsible for all use of the GI Websites made by you or anyone else using your ID and for preventing unauthorised use of your ID.

If you suspect a breach of security, please report this immediately to [support@gamingintelligence.com](mailto:support@gamingintelligence.com).

If you choose to use GI´s "Remember me" automatic log in feature, we advice that you do not enable this feature on any public computers in order to prevent unauthorized access by third parties.

Any breach of this agreement or abuse of the use of the site could result in cancellation of your subscription or denial of access to the site and such action will be at our sole discretion.

**Refunds**

Following your access to GI as a paid subscriber, you will be deemed to have benefited from use of the service. Any refunds beyond this point will be solely at the discretion of GIS management.

**Linking**

If you would like to link to GI, please read and comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws. A site or service that links to GI:

1\. may display a GI logo but must not otherwise use any GI trade marks without permission from GIS;

2\. may not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of the logo;

3\. may link to the homepage of GI, and on an ad hoc, non-systematic basis deeplink to other pages of GI;

4\. must not in any way imply that GI is endorsing it or its products or services without written consent;

5\. must not be a site or service that could be considered offensive to common decency.

Any links in breach of the terms and conditions above must be removed on request.

**Discussion Forums**

GI does not control the messages posted to Forums by users, but reserves the right, exercised at its sole discretion without notice, to delete, move or edit the messages and to terminate your access to and use of the Forums and you waive any moral rights that you may have in regard to the messages.

You may not do any of the following in the forums:

1\. post any messages that are unlawful, threatening, defamatory, indecent, infringe copyright or other rights of third parties or which contain any other form of illegal content;

2\. post any messages which contain confidential information of another party or which otherwise have the purpose of affecting the price or value of any security;

3\. post any messages or links containing any form of advertising or promotion for goods and services;

4\. impersonate any person or entity;

5\. disguise the origin of any messages;

6\. post any messages unrelated to the Forum or the Forum's topic;

7\. post or transmit any messages that contain software viruses, files or code designed to interrupt

You are solely responsible for the content of your messages. By submitting messages to any Forum you agree to indemnify GI from all claims, costs and legal expenses arising out of any messages posted via your username and password.

GI can not guarantee the accuracy of any messages posted on the Forums, nor can GI guarantee that all users follow our terms & conditions. You bear all risk associated with your use of the Forums.

By submitting messages to any Forums you are granting GIS a worldwide perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to reproduce, modify, translate, make available, distribute and sub-license the message in whole or in part and in any form or media. This may include personal information such as your user name or alias and your expressions of opinion. GIS reserves the right to contact you by e-mail with regard to your use of the Forums.

It is not possible for GIS to monitor when messages may infringe the copyright of a third party or other third party rights.

If you believe that a message infringes any legal rights that you may have, you should notify GIS immediately with specific details by contacting us at [support@gamingintelligence.com](mailto:support@gamingintelligence.com).

**Warranties and Limitations of Liability**

The content on the GI Website is not intended to address any specific requirements but is rather a source for general information about the subjects we cover. No content is in any way meant to constitute strategic, legal, investment or any other form of advice. The Website and The Publications do not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell any investment. Any agreements, transactions or other arrangements made between you and any third party named on (or linked to) from the GI Website are at your sole risk and responsibility.

The contents of The Website and The Publication are based upon sources of information believed to be reliable, however, save to the extent required by applicable law or regulations, no guarantee, warranty or representation (express or implied) is given as to its accuracy or completeness and, Gaming Intelligence Services Limited and its members, officers, employees and contractors do not accept any liability or responsibility in respect of the information or any views expressed therein. Neither do we provide any warranty that GI is free from infection by viruses or anything else that has contaminating or destructive properties.

If you accessed GI by using a link from another site, Gaming Intelligence Services Limited does not accept any liability or responsibility for the accuracy of information contained within the sites of other providers who have links to any pages of GI or to whom this site is linked.

By using the Website, you consent to the exclusion by us of any liability, including without limitation that arising from any loss of profit or any other damage direct or consequential, in respect of any errors and/or omissions by us and/or any relevant third parties in respect of the content or availability of the content. The GI website is provided as is and GIS makes no warranty, express or implied, as to its availability or suitability for use.

**Third Party Sites and Services**

GI contains links to other Internet websites or online and mobile services provided by independent third parties, either directly or through frames. GIS is not responsible for the availability or content of third parties and will not be a party to, or in any way responsible for, any transaction concerning goods or services or information available from such third parties.

GI contains advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on GI complies with international and national law. GIS will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising or sponsorship material.

**Law**

These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.

The parties agree that the courts of England shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with these terms and conditions.

GIS shall retain the exclusive right to bring or enforce proceedings as to the substance of the matter in the courts of the country of a subscribers residence or, where these terms and conditions are entered into in the course of a trade or profession, the country of the place of business in which the subscriber agreed to these terms and conditions or the country of principal place of business.

**Paid for Subscription or Item**

Parts of the GI website are accessible upon purchasing a subscription. By subscribing you accept that content and services accessed via the website may change from time to time and that the range of services and content is solely decided by Gaming Intelligence Services Ltd. You also accept that some information and articles may appear on other websites or in other media. GIS reserves the right to vary or terminate the paid for subscription and does not guarantee that the paid for subscription will remain available or that a free-of-charge service will remain free-of-charge.

A subscription gives the subscriber access to the website [www.gamingintelligence.com](http://www.gamingintelligence.com/undefined/) and the content therein. There may be content the subscriber will not have access to or be able to download unless he or she pays an additional fee (including but not limited to special reports, quarterly reports and compilations).

An annual or quarterly paid subscription can be purchased on the GI Website. Payment for the subscription will be deducted from the credit card you provide at the time of subscription and will be automatically re-billed upon expiry of the initial term unless cancelled. If any local tax is applicable this tax must be paid by you.

An annual multiple-user license can also be purchased off-line. Payment for the subscription will be invoiced to you and will automatically be renewed for another one year term unless cancelled.

A subscription can be cancelled at any time by emailing [support@gamingintelligence.com](mailto:support@gamingintelligence.com). GI will work to process the cancellation as quickly as possible.

Payment for the subscription is made via the secure payment solution provided at the GI website. The payment process is operated by a third-party payment solution provider. You acknowledge that GIS can not be liable for any damage direct or consequential, in respect of the payment processing.

GIS will attempt to process your subscription promptly but does not guarantee that the paid subscription will be available to you by any specified time. GIS makes no offer, either to enter into a subscription contract or to provide any other goods or services. GIS reserves the right to reject subscription application for any reason. A contract with you for receipt of the paid subscription will come into effect when GIS confirms this to you. GIS may use third parties to assist in the provision of the subscription services.

The subscription fee will be subject to change and thus could be higher when the subscription is renewed.

By subscribing to any of our Paid-for Products and/or Services you enter a legally binding contract with us. We reserve the right to refuse any application for subscription to any of our services or access to free areas of our websites. We will notify you as soon as possible of any refusal.

If you wish to remove your name from our database, please e-mail us at [support@gamingintelligence.com](mailto:support@gamingintelligence.com).

If a subscription is agreed off-line, these terms & conditions apply to all subscribers included in that particular agreement. In addition to this any multi-user agreements can only include users from one domain, e.g. [name@domain.com](mailto:name@domain.com). The use of the Website means you have accepted these terms & conditions.

As described in these terms and conditions, some GI content is made available as part of a paid subscription service. Any attempt to access the content without paying the subscription fee is a breach of these terms and conditions and may also constitute an offence as a matter of law. GIS fully reserves all rights to enforce its rights under these terms and conditions or at law without any restrictions in time.

These terms & conditions may be amended without notice to you. Your continued use of The Website will signify your acceptance of these changes.
