> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kickfire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100520125206id_/http%3A//www.kickfire.com/legal/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Kickfire

**Privacy and Security Statement**

This privacy and security statement ("Privacy Statement") of Company discloses the privacy policy and security practices for the Site and is hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms and Conditions. 

**Security and Protection of Your Personally Identifiable Information**  
We are committed to maintaining the security of Personally Identifiable Information (defined below) obtained through the Site. We take significant precautions to protect your Personally Identifiable Information both online and offline. Maintaining a high degree of confidence from you and our service providers regarding the protection and secure transmission of all Personally Identifiable Information obtained through the Site is of the utmost importance to us. We have implemented a security policy to keep Personally Identifiable Information that is stored in our systems protected from unauthorized access. Our systems are configured with data encryption technologies and firewalls. When you send Personally Identifiable Information to us over the Internet, or we send it to service providers over the Internet, your data is protected by 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure safe transmission. We also have a digital certificate from VeriSign, Inc., a top maker of hardware and software used to protect and manage computer network access, certifying the secure nature of the Site. All of our servers storing Personally Identifiable Information are kept in a secure environment and may be accessed only by a limited number of authorized persons. All of our employees have signed written confidentiality agreements specifically prohibiting their use or dissemination of such information in any unauthorized manner. 

**Information Collected About You**  
We collect information about you that is provided by you via the Site to us or to an affiliated third party site ("Site Partner"), such as your name, address, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, financial information and other information that can identify you as a specific individual ("Personally Identifiable Information"). You must provide Personally Identifiable Information in order to purchase or request further information about a product or service, and we describe what Personally Identifiable Information is required in order to provide you with the product, service or information that you have requested. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years old. We may collect Personally Identifiable Information when you: 

\-- Become authorized to use the Site directly or through a Site Partner  
\-- Purchase a product or service  
\-- Request further information regarding a product or service  
\-- Disconnect a product or service using the Site  
\-- Contact us 

You may request that we cease using and/or delete some or all of your Personally Identifiable Information by contacting Customer Service as indicated below. Additionally, we may from time to time provide you with the opportunity to "opt-in" and/or "opt-out" of receiving certain communications from us or our third party affiliates, and these settings can be changed at any by contacting Customer Service as indicated below. You agree that such actions, including the deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information and/or your election to opt-out of receiving certain communications, may impact your ability to fully use the Site. We do not provide your Personally Identifiable Information to others except as described in this Privacy Statement. 

**Specific Terms Related to Purchase Information**  
We may collect credit card information necessary to set up the billing for the services and products that you purchase, which may include credit card number, card type, cardholder name, billing address and expiration date. If you use automatic deduction (electronic funds transfer) to purchase services or products, we collect account information necessary to set up the billing and payment for the services and products that you purchase. This account information may include the account number, account type, account name and the ABA routing number of the financial institution where the account is located. 

**Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information**  
Personally Identifiable Information collected on the Site may be used to: 

Facilitate your orders for services and products Ordering products and services Send notifications Promote the Site and other available services and products Respond to your questions or suggestions Improve the quality of the Site 

Information collected when you order a product or service is used to confirm and process that order, and may be reused to assist with the processing of your orders of other products and services. For example, if you desire to purchase multiple products and services using the same credit card, you may be able to submit your purchase orders without retyping your credit card information each time. 

**Notifications and Promotions**  
We may use your e-mail address or other contact information to send you notifications about new features, products, services, specials, service providers, promotions or other opportunities available through the Site, or to confirm or improve customer service. You will have the opportunity upon the receipt of any promotional e-mails not pertaining to the status of any of your orders to unsubscribe from receiving such promotional e-mails in the future. We may share address information with our business affiliates to provide you with information about new products or services, special offers, discounts or other information that may be of interest to you. 

**Surveys, Contests and Sweepstakes**  
We may offer users an opportunity to participate in surveys, contests or sweepstakes for the purpose of improving or promoting the use of the Site. Information collected by us when you participate in a survey, contest or sweepstakes may include Personally Identifiable Information. You may at any time "opt-out" of receiving e-mails or other notifications from us regarding surveys, contests or sweepstakes available through the Site, by contacting Customer Service as indicated below. 

**Links**  
The Site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Company. Please be aware that Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of each site that collects Personally Identifiable Information. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected through the Site. 

**Our Service Providers**  
It is our intention to maintain business relationships with reputable third party service providers to offer residents a variety of products and services on the Site. All products and services throughout the Site are provided by third parties and are identified and described as such. When choosing to purchase products or services from any third party service provider, you acknowledge and agree that you will be transacting business directly with this service provider and that the Site is intended only to facilitate such transaction. The information provided by you through the Site and provided to service providers selected by you will be similar to information that would be required to be provided for the purchase of such product or service by telephone or in person directly from such service provider. 

**Provision of Information to Service Providers**  
When you order a product or service, we deliver Personally Identifiable Information provided by you, including payment information, to the service provider that you selected to provide you with such product or service. Our service providers will require certain information about you, including applicable billing and payment information, in order to fulfill your purchase order or service initiations. When you purchase a product or service, you are contracting directly with the applicable service provider offering the purchased product or service; the Site only provides the forum for facilitating the processing of your orders from these service providers. The applicable service provider will be responsible for the fulfillment, delivery, billing, customer service, warranty and support of its own products and services. We recommend that you examine the privacy policies of all third parties from which you purchase products and services, whether through the Site, by telephone, in person or by other means, to understand their procedures for using and disclosing your Personally Identifiable Information. When you request further information about a service provider or its products or services, we deliver Personally Identifiable Information provided by you to enable that service provider to contact you regarding your requested information. We may also from time to time provide you with information about products or services, special discounts and other information regarding our sites. You will have the opportunity upon the receipt of any promotional e-mails not pertaining to the status of any of your orders to unsubscribe from receiving such promotional e-mails in the future. 

**Cookies**  
We may collect certain technical information about your computer each time you request a page while using the Site. This information may include your IP address, operating system and web browser software (e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer). If your computer is enabled, we may automatically assign you a "cookie" (i.e., a tiny packet of identifying information passed between your browser and a web site) each time you visit the Site. This cookie does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information about you. You can choose at any time to not receive a cookie by enabling your web browser to refuse cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie. Please be aware that by refusing to accept a cookie you will not be able to make optimal use of the Site. We may use third-party advertising technology and cookies to serve ads when you visit web sites upon which we advertise. In addition, we may use web beacons, provided by our ad serving partner, to help manage our online advertising. The information we collect and share through this technology is not Personally Identifiable Information. 

**Opt-In and Opt-Out Policy**  
We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Statement unless you specifically elect to make your Personally Identifiable Information available to third parties by selecting to "opt-in" in various places on the Site. Your "opt-in" elections will not, however, require us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with any third parties. Further, you may "opt-out" of any prior elections at any time by contacting Customer Service as indicated below. 

**Improving the Quality of Our Site**  
We may collect information about your computer (IP address, operating system and web browser software) for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of the content and traffic of the Site. This data allows us to improve the quality of your visit by streamlining your ability to navigate the Site. We do not track your IP address or collect information about your visits to other Internet sites. Information about you and your use of the Site may be aggregated with other information collected on the Site or other sites or otherwise used in ways that do not personally identify you or constitute Personally Identifiable Information. This type of aggregated or statistical information may be used by us to improve the quality of the Site or for other purposes that we may deem appropriate. 

**Site Partner**  
A Site Partner will not have access to your credit card or automatic deduction account information, or other sensitive data that you may provide to service providers, such as your social security number, unless you provide such information to the Site Partner through other means. We may share information with a Site Partner regarding your use of the Site and the products and services that you purchase from our service providers. Organizations and other persons interested in becoming channel partners or service providers of Company are requested to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as name, type of organization, address and contact information. Company uses this information to evaluate channel partner and service provider candidates and reply to their inquiries. 

**Notifications of Changes**  
We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason. If we elect to use your Personally Identifiable Information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via e-mail or other available means and provide you with the ability to "opt-out" of such use. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will post a prominent notice on the Site notifying users of the change, even if it does not affect Personally Identifiable Information already stored in our database. In some cases, when we post such a notice we may also e-mail certain users to notify them of the changes in our privacy practices. 

**Contacting Us**  
If you need help using the Site or have a question regarding the Terms, this Privacy Statement or the products or services offered by any of our service providers, [please click here.](http://www.kickfire.com/beyenetwork-research-report)
