> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kickbox.io privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606221827id_/http%3A//docs.kickbox.io/v2.0/docs/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy · Kickbox Email Verification


    {"_id":"57966e192cd23b0e00283bce","parentDoc":null,"category":{"_id":"5553ba9cd402b92300cee3f3","pages":["5553bab17e64980d008d3f1c","5553bce7eac63f0d003e6c78","5553bdeceac63f0d003e6c80","5612bb895b4fb72300748590"],"version":"54f8b0ca8e9f523500782003","__v":4,"project":"544ecceacf9f860800800dcc","sync":{"url":"","isSync":false},"reference":false,"createdAt":"2015-05-13T20:57:00.418Z","from_sync":false,"order":9,"slug":"legal","title":"Legal"},"project":"544ecceacf9f860800800dcc","user":"552be96c4432451700277d5c","version":{"_id":"54f8b0ca8e9f523500782003","forked_from":"544ecceacf9f860800800dcf","__v":9,"project":"544ecceacf9f860800800dcc","createdAt":"2015-03-05T19:38:50.823Z","releaseDate":"2015-03-05T19:38:50.823Z","categories":["54f8b0cb8e9f523500782004","54f8b0cb8e9f523500782005","54f8b0cb8e9f523500782006","55526e9ebcb05a0d0069334b","5553ba9cd402b92300cee3f3","5612bb590157131900b458c8","57719d48b0ea6b0e006a51ed","58fbf8546b29580f00d90263","58fbfa4d809fc30f00f2dded","58fbfe74ec29e30f000a7a21","58fc05166b29580f00d902f5"],"is_deprecated":false,"is_hidden":false,"is_beta":false,"is_stable":true,"codename":"","version_clean":"2.0.0","version":"2.0"},"__v":0,"updates":[],"next":{"pages":[],"description":""},"createdAt":"2016-07-25T19:52:57.677Z","link_external":false,"link_url":"","githubsync":"","sync_unique":"","hidden":false,"api":{"settings":"","results":{"codes":[]},"auth":"required","params":[],"url":""},"isReference":false,"order":3,"body":"## Overview.\n\nKickbox is committed to protecting the privacy of all its Web site visitors and users. Except as described in this policy, we do not share, sell, rent, trade or loan personal data, including verified email addresses, to third parties for any purpose. Additionally, except where described in this policy, Kickbox does not utilize or retain the email addresses you verify using this service. This Privacy Policy describes how Kickbox, Inc. (\"Kickbox\") treats information that it collects and receives related to your use of Kickbox's hosted email verification service (the \"Service\").\n\nThis Privacy Policy applies to Kickbox services only. Other sites may place their own cookie or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.\n\nPlease note that we may collect aggregate statistics for our own marketing research.\n\nBy using this Web site you accept that your visit and any disputes over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and to our License Agreement and Terms and Conditions of Use (\"Terms of Use\"), including the limitations on damages, arbitration, and selection of the law of the State of Texas.\n\n## Account Data.\n\nTo utilize the Service, you must create an account. Setting up an account requires you to provide your first and last name, a verifiable email address and a pass phrase (\"Account Data\"). Kickbox uses this information to identify you as an authorized user. This Account Data is stored on our secure servers.\n\nYou are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your pass phrase and user Account Data. You are responsible for all actions occurring under your account using your pass phrase.\n\n## Technical Support.\n\nIf you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction such as your name, email address and information about your computer hardware, software, and the nature of the problem that you are experiencing. We rely on our support desk provider, Freshdesk, to store this information and use it to supply you with support and to improve the Service.\n\n## Posts to Support Forum and Blog.\n\nInformation and communications that you post to our support forum or to our blog are publicly available. If you use the support forum or post to the blog you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums or by the public, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. Kickbox reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use.\n\n## Information that Kickbox Collects and Uses.\n\nIn addition to Account Data, Kickbox collects information about the nature of your usage of the Service which can include: IP addresses of users, date/time stamp, Verification Metadata and Verification Audit Data. \"Verification Metadata\" includes a one-way encrypted (hashed) version of email addresses sent for verification using the Service. \"Verification Audit Data\" includes the date/time stamp a verification has been performed and the results of the verification.\n\nCSV Verification Data is stored for a period of up to 90-days on an encrypted file system. This data can include the original uploaded CSV data, including email addresses, and the Verification Audit Data.\n\nThis information is collected in order to render Services to you.  Kickbox collects only the necessary and relevant data required to deliver, monitor, and secure Services for you.\n\n## Cookies.\n\nKickbox uses session cookies in the account establishment process. We also use persistent cookies to enable the \"keep me logged in\" feature. A session terminates when the user logs out. The session cookies are stored temporarily thereafter and self-destruct after a short period of time (normally within hours). We do not use cookies to store any personally identifiable information. If you would prefer not to accept session cookies, please turn them off in your browser. If you disable cookies, the features of the Service that require the user to be logged in will not function with cookies disabled. We recommend that you close your browser after logging out.\n\n## Log files.\n\nAs is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user bases as a whole. We do not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information.\n\nThis Web site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (\"Google\"). Google Analytics uses \"cookies\", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Web site analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Web site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Web site, compiling reports on Web site activity for Web site operators and providing other services relating to Web site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Web site. By using this Web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.\n\n## Information Sharing and Disclosure.\n\nExcept as described in following paragraphs of this section, Kickbox will not share your Account Data, Verification Metadata, or Sensitive Verification Data with third parties unless you have consented to the disclosure or Kickbox believes the disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with a judicial proceeding, subpoena, warrant court order, or legal process, (2) protect and defend our rights and property, (3) protect our customers or users, including from misuse or unauthorized use of the Service, or (4) protect the safety or property of our employees, customers, users or others. Kickbox may have to disclose information to third parties when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or to comply with legal process served on Kickbox. Under such circumstances, Kickbox may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of the disclosure, and Kickbox reserves the right to not provide such notice in its sole discretion.\n\nKickbox may disclose or transfer your Account Data, Verification Metadata, or log files (1) to its corporate affiliates (for example its subsidiaries or parent corporation), (2) to its service providers (like hosting services), but only for their use to provide services to Kickbox, or (3) to an acquirer in connection with the sale of the business or assets of Kickbox. Kickbox will require its corporate affiliates and service providers that receive Account Data or Verification Metadata to limit their use and disclosure of your information to the purposes for which you provided it. Kickbox may collect and provide to third parties aggregated statistics about our customers, sales, usage patterns, and related information that do not include personally identifying information.\n\n## Communications from the Kickbox Site.\n\n**Newsletters.** If you opt-in on the account registration, we use this information to send you email communications, including informative newsletters about Kickbox product upgrades, product updates and new products and services. You may opt out of receiving such communications by following the instructions in the \"Opt Out\" section of this Privacy Policy.\n\n**Service-related announcements.** We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account. You may opt-out of these communications. Please see \"Choice and Opt-out.\"\n\n**Customer service.** We will communicate with you by email in response to your inquiries, to provide the service you request, and to manage your account.\n\n## Security.\n\nKickbox limits access to Account Data, Verification Metadata, or log files to Kickbox personnel and service providers who need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Information we collect is stored in a secure manner that is only accessible by authorized Kickbox personnel or service providers and is only disclosed under the provisions of this Privacy Policy. Our servers are located in the U.S.A.\n\nUsers log into the Service using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Passwords are encrypted before they are transmitted and are stored encrypted.\n\nEmail verification is done by automatic processes. Kickbox employees do not examine the contents of customer email verifications except when Kickbox in its discretion determines that it is required to address an issue with the Service, by law or government agency, or as permitted by the customer. When you upload a CSV to our Service the CSV data and verification data is transmitted to Amazon's S3 service for storage.\n\n## Children's Personal Information.\n\nThe Kickbox Web site complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (\"COPPA\"). Kickbox does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Service. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Service, Kickbox will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that Kickbox receives personal information that Kickbox discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, Kickbox will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.\n\n## Links to Third Party Sites.\n\nAs a convenience to you, we may provide links to third-party web sites from within the Service. Kickbox is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.\n\n## Access/Removal of Your Personal Information.\n\nIf you want us to remove your Account Data or from our database, or would like to access the information that was collected from you, please contact us at help:::at:::kickbox.io.  \n\n## Opt out.\n\nIf you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter.\n\n## Changes in this Privacy Policy\n\nIf we decide to alter our privacy policy disclosures, we will post those material changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.\n\nWe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.\n\n## EU-US Privacy Shield\n\nKickbox complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries.  Kickbox has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.  If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov\n\n  * Notice: When Kickbox collects your personal information, you will receive timely and appropriate notice describing what personal information we are collecting and how it will be used.  Kickbox does not share personal information with third parties.\n  * Choice: Kickbox will provide choices about the ways it uses your personal information to provide Services to you, and will respect the choices you make. \n  * Retention: Kickbox will keep your personal information only as long as is needed for the purposes for which it is collected, or as permitted by law. \n  * Access: Kickbox will provide ways for you to access your personal information, as required by law, so you can correct inaccuracies.\n  * Security: Kickbox will take appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, and destruction.\n\n## Privacy Shield Independent Recourse Mechanism\n\nIn compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, Kickbox commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Kickbox at: \n\nprivacy@kickbox.io\n\nKickbox has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint.\n\n## Accountability for Onward Transfer\nKickbox is potentially liable when transferring your Account Data, referred to in this section as \"Privacy Shield Data\", to a third party.  Kickbox will not share your Privacy Shield Data with third parties unless you have consented to the disclosure.  Kickbox may share your data with service providers solely for the purposes of rendering service to Kickbox to facilitate the rendering of service to you.  Kickbox will ensure that third parties and service providers have adequate Privacy Shield Data protection measures in place through service agreements and non-disclosure agreements (\"NDA\") that adhere to the EU-US Privacy Shield principles.\n\n## Enforcement and Liability\nKickbox is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to ensure compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield principles outlined in this Privacy Policy.\n\nUnder certain limited conditions,you may have the possibility of invoking binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel to be created by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission. \n\n## Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation\nKickbox will take appropriate steps to make sure the personal information in our records is accurate.  Kickbox collects only as much personal information as is needed for specific, identified purposes, and will not use it for other purposes without obtaining your consent. \n\n## Contact Us.\n\nIf you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us by sending an email to compliance@kickbox.io or by contacting Kickbox at Attn: Daniel Stevens, 2556 Elm Street, Dallas, TX 75226. Kickbox will respond to personal information change requests within 7 days of receiving such requests.\n\nLast updated 08/03/2016.\n\n**Our goal is to respect your privacy. To help us improve our Privacy Policy, Kickbox welcomes your comments and questions.**","excerpt":"","slug":"privacy-policy","type":"basic","title":"Privacy Policy"}
