> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the walkhighlands.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119194327id_/https%3A//www.walkhighlands.co.uk/Forum/ucp.php%3Fmode%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# User Control Panel • Privacy policy • Walkhighlands

This policy explains in detail how Walkhighlands and its affiliated companies use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or BT), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

You can register on the site to receive our twice-monthly email newsletter, log your hill ascents, rate walking routes, view Ordnance Survey 1:25 000 mapping. We will not share or sell your email address to any third party unless required to do so under the law. You can unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time using the link given in the footer of each newsletter.   
Browsing the site will cause our software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB forum software we use. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “Walkhighlands” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.

Use of our mapping software will create further cookies. These store the last location you have viewed on our mapping, and the scale, so that the map can be reopened in the same position when you return to it. These cookies are intended entirely for your own convenience.

Walkhighlands uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Every computer and device connected to the Internet is assigned a unique number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. Since these numbers are usually assigned in country-based blocks, an IP address can often be used to identify the country, state, and city from which a computer is connecting to the Internet. Google Analytics collects the IP address of website visitors in order to provide website owners a sense of where in the world their visitors come from. This method is known as IP geolocation. Google Analytics does not report the actual IP address information to Google Analytics customers. Additionally, using a method known as IP masking, website owners that use Google Analytics have the option to tell Google Analytics to only use a portion of the IP address, rather than the entire IP address, for geolocation. Whether or not website owners use Google Analytics, they have access to IP addresses for visitors to their sites. Personal information is information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information. The Google Analytics Terms of Service, which all Analytics customers must adhere to, prohibits the tracking or collection of this information using Google Analytics or associating personal information with web analytics information. 

We also use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added. 

If you register on Walkhighlands, your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid e-mail address (hereinafter “your e-mail”). Your information for your account at “Walkhighlands” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your e-mail address required by “Walkhighlands” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “Walkhighlands”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed.

Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “Walkhighlands”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “Walkhighlands”, or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your e-mail, then Walkhighlands will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
