> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wallpaperbetter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124161628id_/http%3A//www.wallpaperbetter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Wallpaper Better

## Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting www.wallpaperpcmobile.com takes your online privacy seriously. www.wallpaperpcmobile.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. To better protect your privacy, the following notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit on web pages where this Privacy Policy is posted. Please read the following to learn more about how we protect and respect your personal privacy. 

## User Accounts

Thank you for visiting www.wallpaperpcmobile.com takes your online privacy seriously. www.wallpaperpcmobile.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. To better protect your privacy, the following notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit on web pages where this Privacy Policy is posted. Please read the following to learn more about how we protect and respect your personal privacy. 

## Personally Identified Data

We strongly discourage users from entering their full name, phone number, physical address, or other sensitive information in user profiles, comments, or other areas of the site. 

## Server Logs

Like most web sites, www.wallpaperpcmobile.com logs web, database, and other server software usage and access information. This information may include your internet protocal (IP) address, which in many cases can be translated to an affiliation (such as your work, school, or internet service provider), or a geographical location. We only use this information for debugging purposes and for aggregating into anonymous usage and traffic statistics. 

## Third-Party Advertisers

We use third-party advertising companies such as Google Adsense to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.) 

## External Links

Our site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by organizations sponsoring these other sites. 

## Sharing/Selling of Data

www.wallpaperpcmobile.com does not share or sell personally identifiable data to third parties such as spammers or direct marketers. We respect your privacy. 

## Account Cancellation

Upon your request, your account can be canceled. Your user profile will no longer appear on the Site and your submissions will no longer be listed publicly for download. Any comments you have posted will still appear and include your username, but will not be linked to your profile. After cancellation, your account will be not be available for log-in. 

## Data Retention

The data submitted to and generated by the Site may be copied to additional machines for redundancy and backup purposes. 

If you have any problems or questions, please feel free to [Contact Us](http://www.wallpaperbetter.com/contact-us). 
