> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the walrusmagazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-08-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120815015749id_/http%3A//walrusmagazine.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Walrus

_The Walrus_ occasionally makes its subscriber list available to carefully screened organizations and companies whose services or products are likely to be of interest to our readers. These are mostly other magazines, book clubs, registered charities, and non-profit organizations. _The Walrus_ itself was launched using such lists. If you prefer to have your contact information removed from the list so that you won’t receive such mailing please write to us at _The Walrus_ , Suite 101, 19 Duncan Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5H 3H1 or send an email to [subs@walrusmagazine.com](mailto:subs@walrusmagazine.com "Email").

Personally specific information collected by walrusmagazine.com from the visitor is done so in full awareness and compliance. If a visitor to the website chooses to provide their name, email address, postal code, phone number, or any other identifying details, unless such information is provided in the course of subscribing to _The Walrus_ magazine, it will be used only to communicate with the reader about _The Walrus_ and walrusmagazine.com and associated activities. _The Walrus_ will not sell or rent a user’s personally specific information, such as name, email address, or phone number obtained through the website to any other organization, and will never willfully disclose any personally specific details to a third party without first receiving the user’s permission. Only that personal information which is voluntarily supplied from users is collected.
