> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the waltherarms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621124920id_/http%3A//www.waltherarms.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Walther Arms

Walther Arms, Inc.  
Website Privacy Notice and Policy  
January 1, 2013

PLEASE READ THIS WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE AND POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE PROVISIONS OF THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITE.

This Website Privacy Notice and Policy (“this Policy”) describes the current policies of Walther Arms, Inc. with respect to our collection and use of certain information through our website www.waltherarms.com, and all other websites and pages operated by Walther Arms (collectively “Website”). To the extent that we collect personal information through other means, our policies may be different from those described in this Policy. By accessing and using the Website, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Policy or as this Policy may be amended or modified from time to time as described herein below. In addition, please review our Website Use Agreement and Disclaimer of Liability, which contains terms and conditions governing your use of the Website.

 **Collection and Use of Information.** When you access the Website, Walther Arms or a third-party contractor of Walther Arms may collect certain anonymous information (including without limitation your IP address, pages visited, dates visited, and times visited) relating to your access. This collection of information may include the use of cookies or similar files, applications, or programs. However, our usage of cookies, files, applications, or programs is in no way tied to Personally Identifiable Information. During your visit to the Website, if you voluntarily provide us with Personally Identifiable Information (information that identifies who you are, including without limitation your name, age, mailing address, phone number, and email address), we will use and retain that information for the purpose for which it is provided. Depending upon the activity in which you are attempting to engage, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you may not be able to engage in that activity on the Website. Walther Arms may use Personally Identifiable Information to enhance the operation of the Website, fill orders, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze site usage, improve our product and service offerings, and customize the Website content, layout and services. We may use Personally Identifiable Information to deliver information to you and to contact you. Walther Arms may also, subject to applicable legal restrictions, provide information, including Personally Identifiable Information, provided by you to third-parties who assist us to provide requested products and services such as shipping companies who deliver requested products. We may also use information provided by you to provide you with information on other products and services in which we believe you might be interested. From time to time, we may, subject to applicable legal restrictions, provide certain information provided by you to others who provide products and services in which we believe you might be interested. Please note that such third-parties may have different privacy policies than we do. In the event that any Walther Arms affiliate is merged or transfers its assets, site or operations, Walther Arms may, subject to compliance with any applicable legal obligations and to the extent permitted by law, disclose or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information in connection with such transaction. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information and other information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it.
