> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the powermapper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218052356id_/http%3A//www.powermapper.com/smallprint/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Electrum Solutions - Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us and we will not do anything to violate your trust.

We collect these sorts of information on this site:

  * Anonymous aggregate information about visits to this web site (this cannot be associated with a particular user)
  * Personal information collected from customers who purchase products (name, company, address, email address, phone number, and fax number)
  * The optional e-mail address used by the SortSite online demo to send you the scan results.



We treat customer information as strictly confidential - it is never revealed to third parties. Online orders are processed by Plimus, please see the [Plimus Privacy Policy](http://www.plimus.com/privacy.shtml) for further details.

We use customer information for the following purposes:

  * Sending replacement copies to customers whose hard disks have failed 
  * Determining upgrade/update eligibility
  * Informing existing customers of new versions



## Google Site Stats

This site uses Google Site Stats to track clicks on Google Sponsored Links. We use this to make sure the search terms we advertise on are relevant. 

[About Google Site Stats](https://services.google.com/sitestats/en_US.html?cid=1060759437)

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  

