> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cutecamboys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161030052701id_/http%3A//www.cutecamboys.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cute Cam Boys - The Ultimate Gay Cam Show Experience

  


## Effective Date: March 1, 2013

**Your privacy is very important to VS Media, Inc. (hereinafter "Company" or "we", "us", etc.). The following Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us through or in association with the Cute Cam Boys - The Ultimate Gay Cam Show Experience TM website, its related features and functions, and regarding other services provided by the Company. In furtherance of our efforts to protect your privacy, the Company and this Privacy Policy are in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. **

The Company is the exclusive owner and operator of the Cute Cam Boys - The Ultimate Gay Cam Show ExperienceTM website accessible via the Universal Resource Locator ("URL") cutecamboys.com (hereafter the "Website"). The Company is committed to respecting and safeguarding your privacy online, as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies and practices of the Company with respect to information and other data that is received or gathered regarding visitors to, and members, subscribers and other users of, the Website and services provided by or related to the Website. The use of the terms "visitor", "member", "subscriber" and "Website user" shall, depending on your status shall mean and otherwise refer to you. The term "Third Party Program Participants" shall mean merchants, advertisers, promoters, content providers, including live content providers, and any others that the Company contracts with to provide goods and/or services via programs and/or Offers (as that term is defined below) available t o Website users or otherwise available in, at, on or via the Website. 

THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS FIFTEEN (15) NUMBERED PARAGRAPHS. BEFORE YOU BEGIN OR CONTINUE TO USE THE SITE, OR ANY SERVICES OR FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THE SITE, PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION. 

**ONLY PERSONS OVER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS ARE AUTHORIZED TO USE THIS SITE. AUTHORIZED ACCESS AND USE OF THE SITE, ITS DATABASES AND FUNCTIONALITY IS LIMITED TO PERSONS OVER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS, AND SUCH ACCESS AND USE IS LIMITED BY OUR[TERMS AND CONDITIONS](https://web.archive.org/terms.php). **

ONLY ADULT PERSONS OVER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS ARE AUTHORIZED TO PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OR VIA THE Cute Cam Boys - The Ultimate Gay Cam Show Experience WEBSITE OR TO THE COMPANY. THE COMPANY DOES NOT KNOWINGLY SEEK OR COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER DATA FROM ANY MINORS OR OTHER PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS. 

IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT EXPRESSLY AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE [TERMS OF USE](https://web.archive.org/terms.php) YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES OFFERED OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THIS SITE. 

## 1\. Information Security

The Company is dedicated to the protection of Website users' information. To prevent unauthorized access to information provided to us, the Company uses a number of generally accepted procedures designed to effectively safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. These procedures include secure server location, controlled access to data and equipment, robust redundant firewall software, network monitoring, adaptive analysis of network traffic to track and prevent attempted network intrusions and other network abuse and appropriate employee training in the area of data security. We shall continue to take reasonable steps to provide effective data protection at all times, however, because no security technology can provide invulnerability to information compromise, the Company cannot, and does not, guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us or to any third party affiliated with the Website. 

## 2\. Visitor, Subscriber, Member and User Information 

When you visit or use this Website, including, for example, when you click on any of our links, we will collect and store in one or more of our databases, one or more of the following types of information ("Data"): your IP address (the domain name or other locator indicating your access to Internet); the IP address of the Website from which you linked to our site operating system; browser data; e-mail address data; the date and time you access our Website and its functions, and any other accessible online user, biometric or device information. We will often collect Data at several points throughout the Website, its links and through related functionality. 

We use Data for a number of reasons, including but not limited to, to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our Website, to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to measure the amount of traffic generated through our affiliate network, to generate usage statistics, to ensure e-mail reaches intended destinations, to generate special offers and advertisements which we may present to you, to provide our marketing partners, affiliates, licensees, purchasers and successors in interest with accurate Data and to prevent fraud. 

Sometimes, we will ask you to provide, on a strictly optional basis, "Optional Information," such as your name, username, e-mail address, physical address, zip code, telephone number, credit card data, or other personal information, such as other identifiers that permits physical or online contacting of you. For example, such information may be requested, on an optional basis, for participation in special promotions or other Offers (See Paragraph 7 below). 

The only personally-identifying information we collect and store about you is the information you, voluntarily choose to provide to us, such as your name, e-mail address, address, zip code, telephone number, etc., in response to a specific prompt that requires you to initially enter the information. In addition, we, our agents, affiliates, Third Party Program Participants and others may ask you to voluntarily provide additional personal information for billing, shipping and other similar purposes. 

When a visitor, member, subscriber, or other Website user, requests web pages from the Website's server, clicks on banners or other links or otherwise uses the Website's services or other functionalities, we or our agents may automatically collect some information or data about the user and the user's Website use, including the IP address from which the Website is being accessed, the pages or links that were requested, the special preferences or requests of the user and cookie information received from the computer of the user. If you have agreed to the Website [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), or subsequently by using the Website, You expressly agree that all such information and other Data may be collected and used by the Website and its agents. 

When any Website user signs-on as a member or subscriber of this Website or related services, that person may be required to provide certain personal as well as demographic information. Such Optional Information, may include, but is not necessarily limited to, the subscriber's name, address, birthday, e-mail address, gender, marital status, occupation, education, credit card number and expiration date of the credit card, username and password, and special interests or affiliations. This Website, the Company and its agents, may collect any and all such Optional Information and include it in its databases with Data and other information. 

If a visitor, member, subscriber or other Website user sends any personal communication or correspondence, by any means, to the Website, the Company or to any of its employees, agents or representatives, we may collect, in databases and otherwise, and use, any and all such information and other Data regarding that communication, consistent with this privacy policy. 

## What Information We Collect and How We Use It

Any information we collect on our Websites generally falls into the following two categories: 

## 1) Personally Identifiable Information

This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Websites without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information. You may however, voluntarily provide the following Personally Identifiable Information: 

Contact information, such as email address, physical address, shipping address and billing address; financial information including credit card, debit card, bank account numbers. 

**ONLY PROVIDE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IF YOU ARE AN ADULT. ANY COMMUNICATION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU IF YOU ARE NOT AN ADULT CONSTITUTES UNLAWFUL ACCESS AND USE OF OUR COMPUTERS AND DATABASES BEYOND OUR AUTHORIZATION AND PERMISSION.**

In such event, we might maintain a record or your contact, including such Personally Identifiable Information, in a file specific to you. We use this information to provide better service in the event you contact us again. We additionally share, trade, rent, license, and/or sell this information to third parties that we believe offer products, services, and/or opportunities that are consistent with your desire to be financially secure and/or independent. Note that if you voluntarily provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to our sales, trade, rent, license, use, and storage of the information. 

Additionally, we may obtain supplemental Personally Identifiable Information from third parties, such as your driver license, credit card statement, and utility bills to verify your Personally Identifiable Information. You likewise consent to these practices. This supplemental Personally Identifiable Information will be stored in our files and may be shared and/or traded with and/or rented, licensed, and/or sold to third parties. 

## 2) Aggregate Information: 

This refers to information that does not by itself identify you as a specific individual. Such information would include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") or the Website that referred you to our Websites, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web), your operating system and browser type, and any search terms that you enter on our Websites. Our Web server aggregates this information in order to monitor the level of activity on our Websites, evaluate its effectiveness, and improve the content of our Websites in order to make your visit an easy and enjoyable experience. 

We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, or otherwise disclose or use any Aggregate Information. 

Company also collects user submitted information such as name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the services offered and/or provided by the Company. Company also collects other profile data including but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, education and occupation in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other. 

Company also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. User IP addresses are also recorded for security and monitoring purposes. 

User Profile information including members' pictures and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in, with or through, the Website and/or through any social networking community operated by Company. Email addresses may be used, for example, for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Cute Cam Boys - The Ultimate Gay Cam Show Experience, to add users to members' friends' networks, and to send notifications related to the service. 

## Marketing:

We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies to improve our services and to better serve your personalized needs. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply indicate your preference once you sign in on the Website. 

## Sharing Your Information

As disclosed above, we may share, trade, rent, license, and/or sell your Personally Identifiable Information and all other information collected with third parties. We may also share Personally Identifiable Information you provide and other information collected online with other Company-related entities and/or business partners that provide services to Company. Where we engage third-party agents or contractors to perform services on our Websites, we will require them to observe the intent of this Privacy Statement. 

From time to time, we may release or share with our corporate family Personally Identifiable Information and/or other information collected when we believe that such is reasonably necessary to investigate unlawful activities, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves. We may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. 

Company or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity, or their respective assets could be acquired. Should such a merger or acquisition occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your Personally Identifiable Information and/or other information collected to companies serving you and other users of our Websites. 

To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the service, we may allow users to search for other members using first and last name, email address, and schools and/or companies where users may have attended or worked. 

We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. From time to time, VS Media, Inc. or a partner may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on, or in association with, the Website. Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. We may transfer personal information to certain advertising affiliates, partners and related entities. 

## 3\. Cookies

We use cookies for yours and our convenience. For example, we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate and otherwise use our Website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can be used to "remember" what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move between and interact with Web pages and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. The Website also uses cookies to store and sometimes track information to make your online experience easier and more personalized and for other purposes related to your use of the Website and related services. For example, because a cookie can be linked to information you have inputted or which has otherwise been collected, the need to repetitively enter certain information, such as your username or email address, can be eliminated. The use of cookies also assists us in acquiring important Website usage Data. Cookies can also assist us in tracking and targeting the interests, preferences and desires of our Website users to present the most appropriate messages, offers and other communications to our users, and to generally enhance their experience at our Website. 

Currently, there are two general types of cookies commonly used in association with typical Web sites including our Website: "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies. A session or "session ID" cookie is functional only during the current "session" use of your browser, i.e., it ceases to function when you close you browser. A "persistent" cookie remains on your hard beyond the current browser session. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "Help" file. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. 

Also, some Website use rewards and other benefits tied to Website usage use may be provided by the Company. Session cookies may be used to track your Website usage and give you proper credit. We also use persistent cookies to track the actions of our users to enhance the experience on our site, other websites and to more effectively communicate Offers, promotional data and other useful information to you. At the present time, we intend to also adopt and use helpful future cookie technology, and similar types of technologies, as they become available. We may implement any and all such new technologies and similar improvements to Website functionality without notice to You. 

We may also track special offers, promotions and other advertising delivered by us, and your responses to them, by using cookies. This helps us reduce the number of offers that might not be interesting to you. We also use cookies to help us credit persons who referred or introduced you to us. 

The Website may also automatically collect traffic and click-through data as well as information regarding the online behavior of subscribers and other Website users by the use of cookies or other programming means. Any and all information about Website users collected by the Company, or its agents or affiliates via the Website or otherwise, through the use of cookies or other programming means may be freely included in our databases and used in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

Some of our Third Party Program Participants, advertisers, agents and others use cookies on or in association with our Website. We have no access to or control over these cookies. We may also allow third-party service providers to deliver special offers or services to Website users and to control the use of their cookies on your computer. Since such providers may set, access and otherwise control their cookies on your computer, we urge you to consult their privacy policies as they pertain to use of their cookies and the data collected from such use. 

Most major Web browsers are set up so that they will initially accept cookies, but you may modify your computers preferences to issue you an alert when a cookie is downloaded, or to disable the ability of third parties to download a cookie to you. If you choose to reject cookies, or disable your computer's ability to receive or process them, there are areas of this Website, other related websites and related services that may not function properly. For example, you may not be able to view or interact with parts of the Website or access some of the services or offers otherwise available on the Website. Also, if you disable or reject cookies, you may not be credited for actions required for certain gifts and other benefits, and therefore may not receive such benefits. 

You may obtain further information about "cookies" and how they function at: [http://www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/) or <http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm>. 

## 4\. Clear GIFs ("Web Beacons") 

Clear GIFs, otherwise known as "Web Beacons" or "single-pixel GIFs", are very small web page graphics that contain a unique digital identifying means. They function like cookies, in that they are often used to track and measure online actions taken by website users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded into the graphics, text or other components of Web pages, including pop up windows, or in other digital documents that can support them, like email messages. We may also use Web Beacons to optimize search engine functionality. Clear GIFs are nearly invisible and are often only the size of small dot, such as a period at the end of a sentence. Also, like cookies, Clear GIFs, help us and our Third Party Program Participants measure and improve Website efficiency and effectiveness. For example, we may use web beacon technology to access your personally identifiable information or compile aggregated statistics about overall Website usage. 

Many of our Third Party Program Participants and advertisers also employ Clear GIFs on our Website and in related sites. 

## 5\. Log Files

The Company and Third Party Program Participants, through the functionality of the Website, related sites and related services, gather Data and other information regarding Website navigation and Website use from cookies, clear GIFs and other means and store such information in log files and other databases. This Data and similar information includes date and time recordation data, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, Internet service provider (ISP) data, referring or exit pages, your computer's operating system and components, such as your browser type, and other data. While this information generally does not directly identify individual users, it does provide us with Data and other broad demographic information. We use this information for a number of purposes including Website usage analysis, analysis of Website navigation by users, determining and analyzing overall user preferences and user trends, Website administration, and general improvement and optimization of Website efficiency and effectiveness and user communications, including promotions to users. We may also provide third parties with some or all such information and other Data collected 

## 6\. Use of Personal Information and Disclaimer 

We may request personal identification information from you (such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, email address, and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you) in connection with your use of, participation in, and/or membership registration for the Website, our contests, sweepstakes, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, visitors' requests for free products or services or additional information (including via email to us), and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on any of our sites, or for other reason. In all of these cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. 

If you do provide us with personal information, such as your email address, for any of these activities, we may use it to conduct the activity and we may also use it for all other purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, and all other lawful purposes, including, without limitation, we may use the information to verify identity, protect against fraud, update and service your account, target and personalize future Offers that we or any of our affiliates may display on or in association with the Website or otherwise offer. We will use your physical mailing address for fulfilling Offers you have accepted, to improve our ability to provide you with more accurate and appropriate marketing and for other communications with our Company. 

If you provide the Company with Optional Information, we may also use such personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may send you emails to introduce a product or service that we think might be of interest to the users of our Website. For us to obtain your permission to send you this information, we will give you an opportunity to "opt-in" at the time our request for your personal information is made. If you do "opt-in," you may choose to "opt-out" at any time, even after you have provided personal information, by following the procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy or in some cases, messages directed to you. Please note, however, that under certain circumstances, if you initially do not choose to "opt-in," or if you later "opt-out," you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal identification information may be required. 

If you provide us with your e-mail address, and you have agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy through clicking your acceptance of the Website [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), you will be expressly agreeing that such e-mail address shall not be added to any public or private "do not email" list subject to any governmental regulations (such as Utah' s "do not email" regulations) without first notifying us of your intent to do so and first expressly requesting to "opt out" of any further email transmissions to you from us via our opt out procedures then in place. If you have agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy through clicking acceptance to the Website [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), You will be expressly agreeing that as a condition for the use of the Website that you shall be fully responsible for all fines, expenses and costs, including all attorneys' fees and court costs associated with any and all actions resulting from our transmission of e-mail to you if you register your email address with any "do not email" list without first removing notifying us of your intent to do so and your prior express opting out of receipt of any email from us at or via the subject e-mail address. 

We will release any and all specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Website, or a physical or property threat to you or others. We may also transfer user information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change. 

Further, the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments. Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions. 

Please note that if you give out personal information online, for example, by including such information in story or other submissions, posting, or on one of our public forums such as a message board or chat room, folder, chat IM feature, all such information can be collected and used by third parties. The Company shall have no obligation to guarantee the security of such information provided by you as set forth above. All such disclosures of such information is at your own risk. 

The Company may use any and all Data, Optional Information and all other information that it or its agents gather or collect directly or indirectly pertaining to you, including, without limitation, any personal information that has been provided by you, your computer or other device, or information provided by a third party, for any and all technical, administrative, research, development, customer assistance, age verification, marketing, promotion and advertising uses, for the transmission of communications of every kind, including, without limitation, e-mail communications of every kind, for the sending of products, for fulfillment purposes, and for compliance with any and all terms and conditions. Furthermore, that the Company may share, disclose, lease, license, sell and otherwise provide any and all of such information, including personal information to its affiliates, agents, assigns, successors in interest, licensees, clients, customers, Third Party Program Participants and other third parties who have been authorized or permitted to use the information by the Company, its successors, assigns and licensees. If you have clicked your agreement to our [terms and conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), then by your use or continued use of the Website and/or its services, you expressly agree that the Company may use all Data, Optional Information and all other information that it or its agents gather or collect directly or indirectly pertaining to you, as set forth above. 

The Company and this Website does not control, monitor or endorse the information gathering practices or Privacy Policies of any third-party. Such third-parties and their websites may, and probably do, have privacy policies that are different from this Privacy Policy. Whenever applicable, you and all other visitors, members, subscribers and other Website users are strongly advised to read the Privacy Policy of any and all third-party website providers that have one or more advertising banners, or links on the Website, or on the website of any Third Party Program Provider, and of any entity that provides goods or services at, through or in direct or indirect association with the Website. By clicking your acceptance of our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), you will be expressly agreeing that your use or continued use of the Website and/or its services, and you agree that the Company is not responsible or liable for the use of any information that you or any other visitor, member, subscriber or other Website user may provide to any other person or entity, or that is gathered by any third-party, including, without limitation, any Third Party Program Participant, by any means. 

All Members, visitors and Users of this Website should consider any information provided to or collected by the Website as non-confidential, and consequently the Website assumes no liability or responsibility if any information relating to any Member, visitor or User is intercepted and/or used by an unintended recipient. 

## 7\. Offers, Special Promotions, Opinion Polls, Surveys, Contests, Special Events and Service Alert E-mails

There may be occasions when a visitor, subscriber, member or other Website user will be presented with special offers either from the operators of the Website, their agents, affiliates or from other third-party offerors, that may include the presentation of one or more options for a Website user to consent to receive e-mail solicitations, communications, newsletters or commercial advertising, or to participate in other promotions or special events, including without limitation, contests, opinion polls or surveys (collectively referred to as "Offers"). Offers might be made by the Company, its agents, affiliates, Third Party Program Participants or other third-parties making such Offers. Website users may be asked to provide certain information in order to participate in such Offers. Information requested may include, without limitation, contact information (such as name and address) and demographic information (such as zip code, area code, age level, occupation, etc.). Participation in such special events and special offers is completely voluntary and Website users may elect whether or not to provide the requested information. Information collected will be used for the purposes of winner notification, prize awarding, monitoring and improving Website usage and user satisfaction, providing additional relevant offers, promotions and other communications to Website users via electronic mail and other means, and other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

**"OPT-IN" Acceptance of Offers.** Some Offers may be presented to you with the option to express your preference by either clicking or entering "accept" (or alternatively, for example, "yes") or "decline" (alternatively "no") or "consent" or by indicating your preference regarding participation or non-participation by some other recordable means. By selecting accept, yes, consent, or some other affirmation of participation, you shall be deemed to agree that such action(s) shall constitute an "OPT-IN" to the Offer related to the action and that the you thereby agree and assent that your personal information, Data, Optional Information and other information in the Website's databases may be disclosed to the Company, the Company's affiliates, agents, Third Party Program Participants and other third-parties offerors. 

**"OPT-OUT" Rejection of Offers Otherwise Accepted.** Some Offers may be presented with a pre-selected preference or choice. If you do not deselect the pre-selected preference of choice (i.e. "OPT-OUT" of the Offer) then the Website may transfer your personal information to the Company, its affiliates, agents, Third Party Program Participants, and any other third party making the Offer. If you deselect the pre-selected preference (i.e., reject the Offer) then no personal information relating to the Offer in the Website's database may be disclosed to a third party offeror of that particular Offer with respect to that particular Offer. Nothing herein shall limit information collection or transfer that you have previously authorized or subsequently authorize, including, without limitation any authorization regarding the third party offeror with respect to another Offer. 

The Company may also send new members, subscribers, visitors or other Website users a welcoming e-mail and occasionally send information on products, services, and special deals from Third Party Program Participants, and other third parties. If you don't want to receive such e-mail or other e-mail messages from us, please follow the directions for unsubscribing or "opting-out" contained in the e-mail message you receive from us. We reserve the right to contact you, however, with non-commercial relationship and other advisory e-mail messages, such as communications of changes or updates to our software, changes to our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), changes to Offers you have accepted, changes to programs you have elected to participate in, notice of termination of any Offer, program or service or changes to this Privacy Policy. 

We may provide you with links in our e-mail communications. These links may include one or more special tracking codes, unique to you or some other identifying feature (such as geo-location). These codes assist us in formulating, selecting and distributing content, promotions, Offers, advertisements and other communications to you which are more appropriately targeted to your likely preferences. We may share this data in aggregate form or in individual form. 

The Company and/or Third Party Program Participants may offer you participation in one or more "rewards" programs in which you can earn money or other benefits for participating in such programs. The Company and/or Third Party Program Participants may provide information collected from you as a result of your participation in such program(s) to the program sponsor to assist the sponsor in delivering entitled benefits to you and for other marketing, promotional and other purposes. If you participate in any of the Company's own reward or incentive programs, we will track your activity using your e-mail address or other identifying means and share your e-mail address and other identifying means with affiliated reward sponsors, if any, and any third parties involved with fulfillment of the rewards or other benefits. 

The Company does not provide a process to update or modify a Website user's personally identifiable information. If you no longer desire to use one or more of our services, you must, as relevant, opt-out of our mailings, unsubscribe, cancel membership, remove Company, Third Party Program Participant and/or other third party distributed software from your computer, and/or discontinue the use of the Website and services. 

## 8\. Revocation of Consent Procedure (Revocation "Opting-Out")

The Website may also offer to you a procedure for "Opting-Out" if you subsequently choose to revoke or withdraw any consent to accept or receive Offers. If so, to revoke or withdraw a consent to accept or receive Offers, send an e-mail to [list-unsubscribe@vs3.com](mailto:list-unsubscribe@vs3.com), clearly stating that you have revoked or withdrawn consent to receive any future Offers. You may also Opt-Out or terminate subscriptions or memberships by visiting our unsubscribe/cancel memberships page at <http://www.cutecamboys.com/my-account/>. 

If you decide to cancel a subscription, membership or other Offer and later wish to re-subscribe, rejoin or recommence receiving a previously cancelled Offer, you may not always be able or entitled to do so, and you many not be entitled to receive credit towards benefits offered by the Company or a third party. We reserve the right at all times to terminate or suspend any subscription, membership, Offer, service or account at any time with or without notice. 

## 9\. Third Party Program Participants and Others

We may send you offers on behalf of Third Party Program Participants. Acceptance of some Offers through the Website may require you to provide personal information to Third Party Program Participants. Companies may also independently send you Offers. If you would like to opt-out or cancel any such Offers or prevent Third Party Program Participants from independently communicating with you, you will need to inform them separately pursuant to their process for doing so. If you have agreed to our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), You will also be agreeing that that the Company shall at not time be responsible or liable in any manner for any delay or failure by any Third Party Program Participant to effectively process any opt-out or cancellation request. 

The Company shares aggregated demographic and Website navigation information, Data, Optional Information and other information with Third Party Program Participants, advertisers, analysts and others. We may also sell access to our mailing lists, including e-mail lists, and other information to brokers and third party advertisers and we may transfer your information to such third parties. We may transfer some or all of our information to a purchaser of all or part of our Company or any successor in interest in the Company or the Website. We may also hire contractors or other third parties to perform any Company, Website or Website service function with or without notice to you. The Company and its agents may also aggregate demographic and other information about you and other Website users in databases and disclose, license or sell such information to Third Party Program Participants and other parties. 

If you have clicked your agreement to our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), by your use or continued use of the Website or acceptance of any Offer associated with the Website, you expressly agree that this Privacy Policy, all Data, Optional Information and other information collected by the Company, its agents, affiliates, Third Party Program Participants and all other third parties associated with the Company or the Website, all contractual rights and all rights arising under the [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php) may be freely and unconditionally transferred, assigned, sold, leased or licensed to any person or entity, and that all Offers are subject to change and may be terminated by the Company or any third party initiating the Offer, with or without notice. 

## 10\. Disclosure 

The Company will not disclose or use any of your personally identifiable information except to the extent set forth in this Privacy Policy, or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Website's [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), defrauding the Company or any third party, including any Third Party Program Participant. 

The Company will disclose your personal information, without notice, to a party unrelated to the Company if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law, legal process served on the Company or a Third Party Program Participant, to protect the rights or property of the Company or a Third Party Program Participant, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public at large. 

All unsolicited information provided to the Company or any affiliated party, including, without limitation, any Third Party Program Participant, entirely on the initiative of a person providing the information or that person's agent, or any information which is provided independently of any request by the Company or its affiliates shall be deemed to be public information regarding which neither the Company nor any other person or entity has any duty to the information provider or any other person, and as such, the Company may use such unsolicited information in an unlimited manner. 

## 11\. Protection of Children

The Company and Third Party Program Participants do not publish any content or Offers on the Website that are targeted to persons under the age of eighteen (18) years. 

**PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY. PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS HAVE NO PERMISSION OR AUTHORIZATION TO ACCESS OUR COMPUTERS, SERVERS OR DATABASES AND ARE PROHIBITED BY THE COMPANY FROM DOING SO. THEREFORE, ANY AND ALL ACCESSING OF OUR COMPUTERS OR WEB SERVERS BY A PERSON UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS SHALL BE UNAUTHORIZED AND WILL EXCEED THE AUTHORIZATION AND PERMISSION PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY. THE COMPANY REGARDS ANY AND ALL UNAUTHORIZED ACCESSING OF ITS COMPUTERS OR DATABASES TO BE TRESPASS AND ONE OR MORE VIOLATIONS OF LAW.**

We do not specifically collect information about persons under the age of eighteen (18) years. The Company and Third Party Program Participants do not solicit and do not knowingly accept subscriptions, memberships, or acceptances of Offers from persons under the age of eighteen years or persons who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they are located. If minors have access to your computer or e-mail, we ask that you take appropriate measures to prevent such minors under the age of eighteen (18) years from accessing or using the Website or any of our Company's services as they are exclusively offered and restricted to, and only authorized for, persons over the age of eighteen (18) years. Minors may not become members of the Website. 

NO MINOR ACCESS TO ANY OF OUR MEMBER SERVICES IS AUTHORIZED.   
**PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO BECOME MEMBERS OR RECEIVE ANY MEMBER SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY. PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS HAVE NO PERMISSION OR AUTHORIZATION TO UPLOAD OR PROVIDE ANY CONTENT TO THE WEBSITE AND/OR TO THE COMPANY. ANY AND ALL ACCESSING OF OUR COMPUTERS OR WEB SERVERS BY A PERSON UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS TO TRY TO BECOME A MEMBER OR TO UPLOAD CONTENT SHALL BE UNAUTHORIZED AND WILL EXCEED THE AUTHORIZATION AND PERMISSION PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY. THE COMPANY REGARDS ANY AND ALL SUCH UNAUTHORIZED ACCESSING OF ITS COMPUTERS OR DATABASES TO BE TRESPASS AND ONE OR MORE VIOLATIONS OF LAW.**

## 12\. Access to Information; Correction of Erroneous Information; Questions; Contact.

If you would like to review and/or change personal information we have retained about you in our database, please send us an e-mail request for this information at [customerservice@vsmedia.com](mailto:customerservice@vsmedia.com) or contact us using the [support page](https://web.archive.org/support.php). Please indicate in detail which information you wish to review and/or change. After you have reviewed the data, we will make reasonable efforts to correct such personal information about you that you state in writing is erroneous or that you otherwise wish to modify. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon receipt of a written request in accordance with the terms herein. Company has no obligation whatsoever to provide you with data about you that has been transferred to one or more third parties or who the third parties are, and Company is not obligated to take any actions with respect to, or shall be liable in any way for, the data in the databases of any third parties, whether or not such data is erroneous. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at: 

Toll Free: | 1-800-685-9236 (USA only)  
---|---  
Int'l Phone: | 1-818-880-9021  
Email: | [customerservice@vsmedia.com](mailto:%20customerservice@vsmedia.com)  
Regular Mail: |  VS Media Inc.  
4607 Lakeview Canyon Rd.  
#338  
Westlake Village, CA 91361   
  
## 13\. Scope of this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Website and to all online services owned or operated by the Company. This policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites which are only linked to the Website, except in any circumstances in which Company is deemed to be responsible or liable in any manner for any activity pertaining to such unaffiliated site(s) that is the subject matter of this Privacy Policy, in which case, if you have agreed to our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), you expressly agree that the terms of this Privacy Policy shall control. By providing your agreement to the Website [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), you will be agreeing that all disputes relating to or arising under this Privacy Policy shall be resolved by the procedures for dispute resolution, and limitations of damages, set forth in the Website's [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php). 

## 14\. Revisions to this Privacy Policy; Questions. 

The Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to revise, amend, modify or revoke this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. Changes to this Policy will be effective by posting revisions on the Website at <http://www.cutecamboys.com/privacy.php> or elsewhere as indicated on the Website, such as by a link labeled "Privacy Policy" or something similar thereto. In some circumstances you might be required to actively "accept" or "agree" to a new Privacy Policy or to new or modified provisions in the Privacy Policy in order to continue using the Website or services provided by the Company or Third Party Program Participants. Such assent or agreement to revisions to this Privacy Policy may be effectuated via an Opt-In or Opt-Out procedure (as those procedures are discussed above). The effective date of this Privacy Police is 12:01 a.m. PST on the date indicated at the beginning of this document. The latest date of revision of this Privacy Policy is March 1, 2013 above. 

## 15\. Miscellaneous. 

> 15.1 You can visit most pages on our site as a guest, remaining anonymous by not providing information about yourself. Without this information, however, you will not be able to fully access all of the features and functionality of the Site. We do collect some limited information about your visit but none of this information is personally identifiable to you. 
> 
> 15.2 You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password. If you have agreed to the Website [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms.php), You agree to notify Company immediately in the event that you believe that there is unauthorized use of your account. 
> 
> 15.3 Notwithstanding the terms of this Privacy Policy, you hereby grant to Company the right to disclose any and all registration data You provide to the Company to third parties for the purposes of administering and maintaining the services provided by the Company, and for other purposes that the Company deems appropriate. 
> 
> 15.4 Furthermore, while it is the Company's policy to respect the privacy of its users, including information about user's use of the Services, including the contents of users' email and messages, Company reserves the right to monitor, edit or disclose any personal information about the user, his/her use of the Services, or such email contents, in the event that we believe that such action is necessary in order to 1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; 2) to protect and defend Company's rights; 3) to enforce any agreement You have or may have with the Company; or 4) to act to protect the interests of Our members or others. 
