> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cutepdf-editor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150614001647id_/http%3A//cutepdf-editor.com/Info/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CutePDF Editor :: Company :: Privacy Policy

Acro Software, Inc. ("Acro Software"), the owner of CutePDF Editor, is dedicated to making your online experience as interesting and enjoyable as possible. Your privacy on the internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of CutePDF Editor, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. Acro Software reserves the right to change the Online Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the site will be subject to the most current version of the Online Privacy Policy at the time of such use.

**Use of Personal Information**  
We do not require sign up or registration in order for you to access our web site and to fully use our services. Only when you submit a support request, you will be required to provide us with your contact information ("Personal Information"), which includes your name and email address. We may also ask you to provide additional information. The additional information will be voluntary. Acro Software collects your information in order to support your participation in the use of our service. In no way will your personal information ever be used without your consent.

The only information we automatically collect is that related to the use of our web site. This information is anonymous and is gathered through our servers' log files. These log files record generic information, such as the number of visits our web site receives, the types of browsers used and the number of files downloaded, but never personal information. This log file information allows us to create better content aimed at our viewer's preferences.

**Use of Documents**  
The CutePDF Editor web site acts as a passive conduit for the distribution and receipt of the documents you submit for editing and therefore will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of your documents unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Acro Software; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Acro Software; or (3) protect the personal safety of its members or the public. You should also be aware (and hereby agree) that certain technical processing of and access to documents and their content by Acro Software may be required to: (a) route the documents; (b) conform to connecting networks' technical requirements; and (c) determine the cause of error messages generated by problems in a document. The CutePDF Editor web site will only store your documents on its servers for your editing for a limited time and will delete them when you close the open documents. The CutePDF Editor web site will endeavor to delete old files from its servers when the expiration period has run.

**Security**  
We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your transmissions (as well as your personally identifiable information), including firewalls and one-way hash encryption technology. These are the same technologies that most websites use to safeguard credit card information and other personal information. While we make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. 

**Use of Cookies**  
Some of our pages use a feature of your browser called a "cookie." Cookies, by themselves, are not able to extract any personal information from you. This cookie automatically identifies your computer - but not you - to our servers when you visit our site. Unless you specifically tell us, Acro Software will never know who you are, even though we may assign your computer a cookie. Also, CutePDF Editor web sites can only read cookies created by Acro Software's web sites. Cookies allow us to personalize our site for you and to provide you with information that fits your needs and desires. 

**Questions or Comments**  
Acro Software Inc. knows that your privacy is very important to you. We welcome questions and comments regarding this policy, so feel free to [contact us](https://www.acrosoftware.com/info/contact.asp). Because technologies on the Internet change so quickly, Acro Software reserves the right to modify its Privacy Statement from time to time. More legal information can be found in Acro Software's [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20150614001647id_/http%3A//cutepdf-editor.com/Info/termsofuse.asp).

(Rev. January 2012) 

  
   
