> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cuteness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151126183024id_/http%3A//www.cuteness.com/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: 10/21/2015**

By using this website, mobile application or mobile site, or any products, services, sites, features or functionality associated with this mobile application or mobile site (collectively, the “Application”), you consent to the collection, use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in this Demand Media Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy describes how information is collected from you when you use the Application and how Demand Media, Inc. (“Demand Media,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) uses, shares and manages this information. 

**I. Data Collection and Use.**

A. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us. We may collect and store some or all of the following information you make available to us:

• If you download, register for or use the Application, we may ask you to provide your name, street address, email address, image, interests, demographic profile, credit card information, user name, password and other registration information. You may be required to register with us and provide us with the information we request from you in order to use the Application or to use some or all of the features offered by the Application. We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that may be visible to other users of the Application. If a user profile feature is offered through the Application, you may be able to adjust the settings in your user account to specify the information in your user profile that will be shared publicly, that will only be shared with your friends, or that will remain private. If you are a registered user you may also be able to adjust your settings through your user account. We note that, even if you adjust your settings so that your user profile is only shared with your friends or remains private, we will still be able to access and view the information you provide as part of your user profile. 

• Information you provide when you contact us for technical support or with questions about your use of the Application.

B. Information Automatically Collected from You. In addition to the information you provide to us, the Application may collect and store additional information automatically, this information may include:

• Device registration data (e.g., the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device or advertising ID, IP address, operating system and browser type)

• Device settings (e.g., language preference)

• Mobile carrier

• Information about how you use the Application (for example, how many times you use the Application each day)

• Requested and referring URLs

• Location data collected through your device (including, for example, precise location data such as GPS and WiFi information)

C. Information You Publicly Post through the Application. If you post information on public areas of the Application that information may be collected and used by Demand Media, other users of the Application, and the public generally. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Application that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public. 

D. How We Use the Information We Collect from You. We and our service providers may use the information you provide or that is collected through the Application to operate and improve the Application, our other sites, applications, products and services, or to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, notices and marketing promotions relating to the Application. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by email, please follow the instructions contained in each email you receive from us describing how you can opt-out of receiving further marketing communications from us. If you are a registered user you may also be able to adjust your email settings by logging in to your account and adjusting your account settings. 

**II. Collection of Information by Third Parties.**

A. Advertising and Analytics. 

The Application may be supported through advertising, and we may work with third party advertisers and advertising networks to provide advertising through the Application. We may provide these third party advertisers and advertising networks with the ability to collect information about how you interact with the Application and your mobile device. This information may include the unique device or advertising identifier associated with your device and your precise location information, in order to help analyze and serve targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere (including third- party sites and applications). 

We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Application. We may use Google Analytics, an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to collect information about your use of the Application. Google may collect information about the content you view and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by Google about your use of the Application will be transmitted to and stored by Google. The information collected by Google allows us to analyze your use of the Application. 

We encourage you to review your device and Application settings to ensure they are consistent with your preferences, including with respect to the collection and use of information. You may be able to stop further collection of certain information by the Application by updating your applicable device settings, or you may uninstall the Application. In addition, you may choose not to share your location details by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.

B. Third Party Links and Content. In addition, the Application may include third-party advertising, links to third party websites, and other content from third-party businesses. These third-parties may use cookies and web beacons to track the actions of users online over time and across different websites or platforms to deliver targeted electronic advertisements to an individual user. For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes you can visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>. We do not have access to or control over web beacons or cookies that third party websites may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit. In addition, some third-party advertising companies may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information about the opt-out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

C. Do Not Track Requests. If you access the Application through a browser, your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, we will not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Application in response to any “do not track” requests that we receive from your browser. 

D. Payment Processors. If you make a purchase through the Application, you may be able to pay using a third party payment service, such as Stripe, PayPal, Apple Pay or other third party payment services. All information collected by these third party payment services for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us, unless you have otherwise provided this information to us in connection with your use of the Application. Information collected from you by these third party payment services is governed by the applicable third party payment service’s privacy policy. You should review the applicable privacy policy prior to submitting any information to the applicable third party payment service.

**III. Social Media Services.** The Application may use social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to third party social media sites that are not owned or controlled by Demand Media. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these sites, depending on the feature. Demand Media has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, any share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party site. You are subject to the policies of those third parties when and where applicable. We also may allow you to use social media sites to leverage your existing social media site accounts to access features of the Application. Please review your privacy settings for your applicable social media site account, as those settings determine what information may be made available to us when you access the Application through the applicable social media site. 

We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.

**IV. Children Under Age 13.** The Application is not intended for children under age 13. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information from or about children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [legal@demandmedia.com](mailto:legal@demandmedia.com).

**V. How We Share Your Information.** We do not sell or rent personal information we collect through the Application to any third parties for their own marketing purposes. In the event we want to sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes in the future, we will notify you and you will have an opportunity to affirmatively opt-in to receiving these third party marketing communications. We may share the information you provide or that we collect in some circumstances as follows:

A. Advertisers. We may share your information with advertisers, third-party advertising networks and analytics companies as described above in Section II(A). We may also share encrypted versions of information we have collected in order to enable our advertising partners to perform data analysis or for advertising-related use.

B. Corporate Affiliates. We may share your information with members of the Demand Media corporate family to provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions and customer support), or to improve your experience with our Applications, products and services.

C. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (i) required to do so by law, or if requested in response to a subpoena or court order; (ii) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (iii) we believe that you have abused the Application by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws or in violation of our Terms of Use. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.

D. Service Providers. We may share your information with our service providers who work on our behalf. For example, these service providers may handle payment or credit card processing, data management, feature administration, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. These service providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.

E. Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Application to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.

**VI. Managing Your Information.** If you’d like us to delete information that you have provided through the Application, please contact us at [legal@demandmedia.com](mailto:legal@demandmedia.com) and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the information you provided may be required in order for the Application to function properly or may be retained in backup storage.

In addition, if you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered user of the Application, you may request that we remove content or information about you that you posted on the Application by (A) submitting a request in writing to [legal@demandmedia.com](mailto:legal@demandmedia.com) and (B) clearly identifying the content or information you wish to have removed and providing sufficient information to allow us to locate the content or information to be removed. However, please note that we are not required to, and may not be able to, erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if (i) other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information; (ii) the content or information was posted, stored, or republished by another user; (iii) the content or information is anonymized so that you cannot be individually identified; (iv) you do not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of your content or information; or (v) you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the content. Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain the applicable content or information. 

**VII. Use of Information Outside Your Country of Residence.** The Application is directed to users located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and you choose to use the Application or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located in the United States. Your use of the Application represents your consent and agreement to these practices. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained in the United States, you should not use the Application. 

**VIII. Security.** We provide industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we take reasonable measures to limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Application and you do so at your own risk.

**X. Updates to this Privacy Policy.** We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of the Application prior to the time the modified privacy policy takes effect. If you continue using the Application after the modified privacy policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified privacy policy. 

**XI. Contact Information.** If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at [legal@demandmedia.com](mailto:legal@demandmedia.com). We will do our best to respond to you in a timely and professional manner to answer your questions and resolve your concerns. 
