> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the phraseapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150317171711id_/https%3A//phraseapp.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PhraseApp Privacy Policy

_Last revised on 17th of October 2013_

### Personal Information collected

Dynport GmbH (PhraseApp) takes your data privacy very seriously. Personal information is solely collected when absolutely necessary or in order to improve the services quality. Any data collected will be treated by PhraseApp in accordance with legal regulations. The information will not be disclosed to third parties, unless statutory or legal requirements require us to do so or it becomes necessary in order to provide the service.

### Registration

When registering with PhraseApp personal data will be collected, namely your name and e-mail address. The data collected is used exclusively to grant you access and contact you in relevant circumstances.

### Log Files

When communicating with each other browsers and web servers automatically create log files for each visitor. This gathered data includes information exchanged between the systems, which is partly personal data (such as IP address, browser type, date/time, referrer URL, etc.). This information is needed for the communication between browser and server. None of this data gathered is connected with other personal data and is deleted after an anonymous statistical analysis.

### Statistics using Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of PhraseApp. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser.

### Statement and announcement of privacy changes

PhraseApp is entitled to adapt the Privacy Policy to new requirements. Changes will be made public.

### Entitled to data and more information

Protecting your personal data is very important to us. Please feel free to contact us if you require any more information about our privacy policy, your stored data or in case want to request a deletion of your data. You will find the necessary contact details in the Imprint.

 _Hamburg, October 17th 2013_
