> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kreditech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230064135id_/http%3A//www.kreditech.com/data-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Privacy Statement | Kreditech.com

**Handling of personal data**

Personal information is information that allows a person is identifiable, that is information that can be traced to one person. This includes the name, email address or phone number. However, data on preferences, hobbies, memberships or which websites were viewed by someone count to personal data.

Personal data is only collected by the provider, used and disclosed, if this is permitted by law, or consent to the user in the data collection.

**Contact**

When you contact the vendor (for example, using the contact form or e-mail), the information of the user for the purpose of processing the request and for the case that caused connection issues stored.

**Newsletter**

The newsletter will inform you about us and our offers.

If you want to receive the newsletter, we require a valid e-mail address and information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address or the owner agrees to receive the newsletter. Further data are not collected. This data is used only to send the newsletter and will not be disclosed to third parties.

By registering for the newsletter, we store your IP address and the date of registration. This storage is solely for the proof in the event that a third party misused an email address and logs on without the knowledge of the person entitled to receive the newsletter.

Your consent to the storage of data, e-mail address and use it to send the newsletter at any time. The withdrawal can be made through a link in the newsletters themselves, in your profile area or by notice to the above contact details.

**Cookies**

When users visit the offer, one or more cookies stored on their computer. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters uniquely identifies your browser. Cookies help the provider improve the comfort and quality of its service by storing user preferences, for example. Set cookies on your computer, the user does not harm and do not contain viruses.

A possible use of the service without cookies. Users can set your browser to store cookies, limit them to certain Web sites or set your browser so that it notifies you when a cookie is stored. You can delete the cookies on the privacy features of your browser at any time from the hard drive of your computer. In this case, could the features and usability of the offer are limited.

**Google Analytics**

This publication uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files that are stored on users’ computers to help the website analyze how users use the site by them. The information generated by the cookie about the use of this website by users in general to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there.

In the case of activation of the IP anonymization on this web site, the IP address of users of Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the USA and is shortened. The IP anonymization is active on this website. On behalf of the operator of this site Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the Site by users, compiling reports on website activity together and to provide other with website and internet related services to the site operator.

Which is within the scope of Google Analytics that your browser sends IP address can not be merged with other data held by Google. The user can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, this job has the user out, however, that in this case not all the features of this site are in full use. The user can also extend the coverage of the generated by the cookie and prevent their use of the site-related data (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of these data by Google, by following the link below the available browser plug-in Download and install: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

**Use of Facebook Social Plugins**

This publication uses social plugins (“plugins”) of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States is operated (“Facebook”). The plugins are in one of the Facebook logo visible (white “f” on a blue tile or a “thumbs up” sign) or with the addition of “Facebook Social Plugin” sign. The list and the appearance of the Facebook social plugins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/plugins.

When a user visits a web page of this offer, which contains such a plugin, expanding its browser to connect directly with Facebook servers. The contents of the plugin is from Facebook directly to your browser, which then integrated into the website. The provider therefore has no influence on the amount of data that Facebook with this plugin does and informs the user accordingly his knowledge:

By integrating the plugin Facebook receives information that a user has accessed the relevant page of the offer. If the user is logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign to visit his Facebook account. When users interact with the plug-ins like the Like button or press to leave a comment, the corresponding information is sent directly from your browser and stored on Facebook. If a user is a member of Facebook, but there is the possibility that Facebook brings his experience in the IP address and stores. According to Facebook will be saved in Germany, only an anonymous IP address.

Purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of data through Facebook and the relevant rights and ways to protect the privacy of users, they can refer to the privacy policies of Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.

If a user is a member and do not want Facebook that Facebook collects information about this offer on it and linked to its member data stored on Facebook, he must log off before visiting the website on Facebook.

It is also possible Facebook social-ins with add-on for your browser to block, for example, the “Facebook Blocker”.

**+1 Google button**

This publication uses the “+1″ button of the social network, Google Plus, which of the Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States is operated (“Google”). The button is indicated by the symbol “+1″ on a white or colored background.

When a user visits a web page of this offering, containing such a button, the browser is based on a direct connection to Google’s servers. The contents of the “+1″ button is directly transmitted to Google’s browser, which then integrated into the website. The provider therefore has no influence on the amount of data that Google collects the button. According to Google, will be collected without clicking on the button, no personal data. Only logged in members, such data, including the IP address collected and processed.

Purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of data by Google, and your rights and settings can help protect your privacy, remove the users Google’s privacy notices to the “+1″ button: http://www.google.com/ intl / en / + / policy / +1 button.html and the FAQ: http://bit.ly/r3Qmer.

**Twitter**

This publication uses the buttons on the Twitter service. These buttons are offered by Twitter, Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. They can be identified by terminology such as “Twitter” or “sequence”, combined with a blue bird stillisierten. With the help of the buttons it is possible to contribute to this offer page or twitter to follow or to the landlord on Twitter.

When a user visits a web page of this website which contains such a button, is expanding its browser to connect directly to the servers of Twitter. The content of the Twitter buttons from Twitter will be sent directly to the user’s browser. The provider therefore has no influence on the amount of data that Twitter with the help of this plugin does and informs the user according to his knowledge. After this, only the IP address of the user, the URL of the website in respect of the button with transmitted, but not for other purposes, as the appearance of buttons used.  
More information can be found in the Privacy Policy of Twitter at http://twitter.com/privacy.

**Cancellation, changes, corrections and updates**

The user has the right to request, free information about the personal data that was stored on it. In addition, the user has the right to correct inaccurate data, blocking and deletion of their personal data, provided that no legal obligation to retain stands.

[Privacy pattern of lawyer Thomas Schwenke - I LAW it]
