> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saharareporters.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920045305id_/http%3A//saharareporters.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Sahara Reporters

**Overview**   
SaharaReporters.com (“SaharaReporters.com”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. This policy describes the types of information collected, how it may and may not be used, and how it is protected. By visiting SaharaReporters.com’s website ("Website"), or using any of our services on the website ("Website Services"), you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and our use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collected From Users**  
In the course of your browsing the Website, SaharaReporters.com may collect the IP address of the computer through which your visit is enabled (for example your Internet Service Provider's server); cookie information; information regarding the pages, links, banners, icons and other parts of the Website that are accessed or clicked on during a visit to the Website; information regarding the date, time, and duration of your visit; and information you may volunteer, e.g., in response to survey requests or as part of a registration. Upon any registration for, and in subsequent interaction with, Website Services, SaharaReporters.com may collect mandatory information such as your User Name, Password, primary email address, and password hint question and answer. A "cookie" is a small line of text that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer when you visit a website. SaharaReporters.com uses a cookie for record-keeping and verification purposes and a cookie helps us provide better service to you. For example, we use a cookie to verify your session and user identification and to track the pages within the Website that you visited. Your browser should have options to accept, reject or provide you with a notice when a cookie is sent. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use the Website Services. Please note that SaharaReporters.com does not and cannot read cookies set by other websites.

**Use of Information Collected**  
Your information will not be shared with any third parties except as explained below. SaharaReporters.com will not place your name, email address, physical address or any other personally identifiable information into any marketing, promotional database, or mailing list.

**Sharing of Information Collected: Sharing Aggregated Information and Personal Information of Users**  
As part of our business, we may pass to our service partners and resellers aggregated information (data gathered up across multiple or all user accounts) regarding visitors, users, and historical transactions in a manner that will not personally identify any individual user. We may aggregate personal information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally.

**Other Restrictions and Disclosures**  
We will not sell, rent or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to any third party, unless we are required by law, court order or regulation, or we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with law or legal process, or to cooperate with local or federal authorities, or to protect or defend against fraud, misuse of the SaharaReporters.com Website, breach of any of your obligations hereunder, or to protect our intellectual property rights. In addition, we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of SaharaReporters.com to another company (an "Acquirer Company"), provided that such Personally Identifiable Information shall only be used by the Acquirer Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. SaharaReporters.com will not send email to user's accounts with non service-related emails. SaharaReporters.com will not track your Internet usage outside of the confines of the SaharaReporters.com Website. Once a user exits the Website, SaharaReporters.com will not track your web browsing behavior.

**Security of Information**   
SaharaReporters.com uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information, including the use of encryption, and firewalls. In an effort to protect all data against loss and unauthorized access, we employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company including regulating the physical and virtual access to any root access, database(s), servers, back-ups, encryption keys or other network and security-related infrastructure components. In addition, sensitive information such as passwords are encrypted before being stored in our systems such that even if a breach were to occur and access to the data achieved, the data would still be encrypted. Please be aware that while we take efforts to safeguard your user information, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.

**Third Party Sites**  
SaharaReporters.com does not control the privacy policies of third party sites or service providers to which we provide links, if any. Please be aware that if you click on an advertisement or third party link, you will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.

**Changes to the SaharaReporters.com Privacy Policy**   
You agree that SaharaReporters.com may amend this policy from time to time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on this Website. You may review our Privacy Policy at any time by submitting a request to customerservice@SaharaReporters.com. Your continued use of any portion of the Website or SaharaReporters.com service following the posting of the revised policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

**How to contact us if you believe your privacy has been violated**  
If you suspect that your privacy has been violated or that SaharaReporters.com has not abided by the terms set forth in this policy, contact SaharaReporters.com by emailing customerservice@SaharaReporters.com
