> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nd.gov privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606164808id_/http%3A//www.nd.gov/content.htm%3Fid%3DPrivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# nd.gov: Official Portal for North Dakota State Government

  * [Home](https://web.archive.org/)
  * Privacy



## General Information:

Records received by the State of North Dakota from web sites are subject to the same controls and uses as records collected by governmental offices visited in person and are open to the public upon request unless otherwise specifically provided by law. You should check with the specific agency you are providing information to, to determine whether the information you provide them will be held in confidence or must be released upon request by a member of the public.

## Domain Information:

Google Analytics is used to help analyze how users use the site. This analytical tool uses cookie's, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitor's use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. 

We will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool.

## Personal Information:

To protect the information being gathered this site has security measures in place including firewalls, encryption, and authenticated access to internal databases where needed.

Specific information regarding encryption, credit card information, social security numbers and cookies will be addressed on the pages that use this information.

If you send an email from nd.gov, the email address will be collected as a means to reply to you. We may forward your message to another agency for appropriate action.

## Retention of Information:

The information collected on this site is retained in accordance with the Record Retention Schedules developed by this office.

## Contact Information:

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606164808id_/http%3A//www.nd.gov/contactus.htm).
