> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the backroads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630124456id_/http%3A//www.backroads.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Backroads: Privacy Policy

Our relationship with you is very important to us. We are sensitive to protecting the private information that you provide to us. We also want you to have the opportunity to receive interesting and useful information about Backroads and about related products and services. Here are details on how we use the information you provide us:

  1. **Website Use and Navigation Information**  
Each time a user visits our website, certain use and navigation information is collected by our servers. This information is aggregate and anonymous. It gives us information such as the number, frequency and duration of visits to each web page which we use to improve the content and navigation features of our website. A third-party cookie may also be placed on your computer which will collect information about your visit to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Usage of such cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information, as described in this policy.
  2. **Voluntary Surveys**  
We periodically survey our guests and catalog requesters for their vacation interests and related travel patterns. We encourage you to complete these surveys because: a) they provide us with information that helps us improve the types of trips we offer; and b) they help us direct specific Backroads messages to you that you may find most interesting. Your participation in these surveys is always voluntary.
  3. **Name, Address, Contact, Survey and Billing Information**  
Backroads shares personal information with companies who provide services such as information processing, fulfilling guest orders, lead generation, providing pre-/post- and on-trip services, managing and enhancing customer data and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your information. Backroads does not sell your personal information to third parties. 
  4. **MyBackroads Registration**  
If you register as a MyBackroads member, you may change any of the information provided when you register, except your Login ID and screen name, by logging into your account and editing your profile and options. You may request that your Login ID be changed by contacting us. You may not terminate your own membership, but it will be terminated upon your request. Click on the Contact link at the bottom of any Backroads web page for information on how to contact us.
  5. **MyBackroads E-mail**  
Members of MyBackroads may not opt out of receiving service announcements and administrative messages. Members who do not wish to receive Backroads e-newsletters may choose not to by following the instructions in the Backroads e-newsletter.
  6. **MyBackroads Accounts**   
MyBackroads member accounts are secured by member-created passwords. Backroads takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. 
  7. **Sharing and Disclosure of Information Backroads Collects**   
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Backroads will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Backroads, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the Backroads Terms of Service Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. Backroads reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Backroads or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.
  8. **Changes in Our Privacy Policy**  
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at [www.backroads.com/privacy](http://www.backroads.com/privacy/). If we make a change to this policy by continuing to access or use this site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.



**If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at[Backtalk](https://web.archive.org/contact/).**
