> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the backin.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625112238id_/http%3A//backin.net/policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

###  Backin.net Policy

This Backin.net Service Agreement (the "Agreement") describes the terms and conditions on which Backin.net ("we") offer services to you ("User"). By using our services, User agrees to be bound by the following terms and conditions: 

Your privacy is important to us, and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. We hope that by taking a few minutes to read it, you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure. 

* Information You Provide: Our client engagements routinely require us to obtain private information about our clients so that we can proceed with the various services we perform for our clients as part of the professional relationship. Other Sources: Depending upon the particular service a client has engaged the firm to complete, we may request nonpublic information concerning the matter at hand. However, this information is never obtained without our client s specific authorization for the type of information and the source(s) from which it may be obtained. 
* Disclosure of Nonpublic Information Our firm policy is never to disclose nonpublic information about our clients. Nonpublic personal information is defined in the regulations as any publicly available information that we acquire by using information you have provided us in connection with any professional services we perform for you, which is not public information. An example would be a bank account number that is somehow used to acquire information regarding a court trial or other public record that would not have been found by us without using the bank account number acquired from you. In a generic sense, any information that a client provides us that involves financial product or service is likely considered nonpublic personal information and receives the same protection from disclosure as all other information about our clients. For purposes of our business relationships with our clients, all information acquired is disclosed only under the following conditions: Employees of the firm: Employees who need such information to conclude a transaction for which the client has engaged the firm. Service Providers: As with any business, we have our own accounting, insurance and other service firms that we may need to provide information that the regulations consider nonpublic personal information. An example might be your account activity for our accounting firm to prepare financial statements for our internal or external purposes. Another example would be computer consultants that must have access to certain client records so as to be able to increase the efficiency of our computer processing systems. We have always insisted that any such information that needed to be disclosed for a business purpose be considered confidential and not used for any purpose other than the specific business need. That well-understood business policy of confidentiality will be reinforced as needed by contractual agreements between such service providers to the firm, referencing the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) regulations. Others: Other than as state above, we do not disclose nonpublic personal information, or any other information, to any outside party without specific client authorization. An example would be other professionals who are assisting the firm in carrying our a client engagement. In such a case, we would require the client s approval for such a disclosure. In addition to the privacy protection that the new FTC regulations provide you, the Internal Revenue Code prevents the disclosure of client information provided for tax planning or preparation services without the client s written permission. Further, the ethics rules that govern the operation principles that our firm must follow prohibit disclosing client information. 
* Security Arrangements We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard our clients nonpublic personal information and any other information, to ensure our clients that their privacy is a major part of the firm s commitment to provide the finest service possible. 
* Opt Out Provision The Federal Trade Commission regulations provide that this notice must include a provision for you to request that the firm not release your nonpublic personal information. While such a request is unnecessary, because the firm does not disclose your nonpublic personal information in a manner that would allow you to opt out, in the interests of satisfying regulations, we include this Opt Out Provision. 

### The privacy of our visitors to Backin.net is important to us.

At Backin.net, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Backin.net, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties. 

* Log Files  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. 
* Cookies and Web Beacons  
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums. We also use third party advertisements on Backin.net to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). 
* DoubleClick DART cookies  
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ( interest based targeting ). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses non personally identifiable information . It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.   
Backin.net is commited to cooperate with any and all legal authorities if an investigation should arise. 
