> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ihiretechnology.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140618063554id_/http%3A//www.ihiretechnology.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

iHire, LLC (hereinafter referred to as “iHire”) has created this Privacy Policy to inform you of its collection, use and disclosure practices regarding personal information that it collects through iHire, LLC Web Sites. This Privacy Policy applies only to data gathered on any web site under iHire’s control (collectively, the "Sites" as is defined in the Terms and Conditions), and does not apply to any other information or web site. This Privacy Policy incorporates by reference the Terms and Conditions for the Sites, which apply to this privacy policy. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. Each time you visit the Sites or provide us with information, you are, by doing so, accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy at that time. If we materially change our practices with regard to personal information collected under a prior privacy policy, we will endeavor to notify you and give you the opportunity to opt out of changes with regard to that previously collected information. You agree that by using the Sites you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive communications from us which include but are not necessarily limited to emails and facsimiles as described below. 

### Personal Information

In order to operate the Sites in an efficient and effective manner and provide users with information on job postings and services that may be of interest to them, iHire may collect personal information, including contact information (such as an email address), from its users. In addition, this information allows us to provide users with private and secure areas to post and modify their original content on our Sites (e.g., jobs and resumes). We also automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Sites and use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve users in general. This information may include the URL that a User has just come from (whether this URL is on our Sites or not), the URL a User goes to next (whether this URL is on our Sites or not), a user's computer browser information, mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, text that is typed and Users IP address. This information is collected via ClickTale web analytics services. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites that do not use ClickTale services. You can chose to disable the ClickTale services at <http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html>. You agree that iHire may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests (such as relevant job postings, services, advertisements, educational or other career development opportunities), or provide administrative notices or communications applicable to your use of the Sites. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information via email, facsimile or by any other mode of communication provided by you. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of any further receipt by following the opt out provisions provided in each such communication. iHire may also aggregate certain non-personally identifiable information about its users (such as occupation, location, education and experience) and use such anonymous information to prepare reports that it provides to its Users. 

We do not sell our Users' personally identifiable information to anyone for any reason if the User has indicated a desire for us to keep the information private. iHire reserves the right to retain Users’ personally identifiable information, resumes, cover letters and any other documents indefinitely. 

All Users should be aware, however, that when they choose to display or distribute personal information (such as their email address, facsimile number or resume) via the Sites or any other distribution method, that information can be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties for which iHire is not responsible. Also, you may have arrived at the Sites by following a link from a iHire affiliate or other affiliate’s web site. If so, please be aware that iHire may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its privacy policy instead of this one. 

iHire may also disclose specific user information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of iHire or other users of the Sites. In addition, personal information we have collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy of iHire. Such disclosures may be made with or without your consent, and with or without notice. 

### Credit Card Security

iHire employs encryption for secure credit card transactions. 

### About Cookies

iHire uses cookies for the protection and convenience of our Users. Cookies enable us to serve secure pages to our Users without asking them to sign in repeatedly. iHire may store non-personally identifying information about you such as past jobs viewed and job searches conducted by your computer in a cookie that it places on your computer. We do this in order to present you with job recommendations based on your interests as expressed previously through your searches. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please be aware; however, that some iHire features or services may not function properly without cookies. In addition, some of the employers that use our Sites may place cookies on your computer in the event that you click and go onto their website and leave the iHire Sites. Employers may use such cookies to distinguish your web browser uniquely. Often, Employers use such information to track the effectiveness of their job postings by measuring how many users who view their postings later became job applicants. 

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Sites. Such ads may provide links to third party sites. iHire does not endorse these third party sites and is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party web sites. If you decide to access linked third-party web sites, you do so at your own risk. These companies may use information about your visits to these and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. The third party advertising companies who deliver ads for iHire on the Sites may place or access cookies on your computer when you click on their site to distinguish your web browser and to keep track of information relating to serving ads on your web browser, such as the type of ads shown on the Sites. The third party advertising companies may use cookies to keep track of the web sites that your web browser visits across the advertising provider’s network of web sites with whom it works. These companies may combine this information with other information they have collected relating to your web browser’s activities across their network of web sites. These third party companies operate under their own privacy policies and iHire encourages you to be aware of the privacy policies of such companies before you choose to allow them to place a cookie on your web browser by clicking on their site. iHire does not have control over or access to any information contained in the cookies that are set on your computer by third party advertisers. 

### What You Should Know 

iHire cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. As a User of the Sites, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Sites, the Internet generally, and the documents and/or material you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Sites. 

### Your California Privacy Rights

California law permits its residents to request and receive information about a business’ disclosure of certain categories of personal information to other companies for their use in direct marketing. If you are a California resident and a user of any of the Sites, you can request a copy of this information from iHire by sending an email to customerservice@ihire.com or a letter to iHire at 41 East All Saints Street, Frederick, Maryland 21701 Attention: Customer Service. Please include your name and email address in email requests, and your name and postal address in mail requests. 

### Some Important Tips To Use When Dealing With Prospective Employers

  * Never give out your social security number to a prospective employer 
  * Never provide credit card or bank numbers or engage in a monetary transaction of any sort 
  * Be cautious when dealing with contacts outside of your own country 
  * Do not provide any non-work related personal information (i.e. eye color, marital status, etc.) over the phone or online 



### Other Privacy Features On the Sites

You never need to provide personally identifiable data to search for jobs on our Sites. Logging into the Sites is always optional for you (although logging in does give you access to more information and prospects). 

### Post a Resume

Posting your resume on the Sites puts you in front of Employers with open positions each day. When you post your resume, we automatically create a registration for you using the email address and password that you supply. When you return to the Sites in the future you will use that same email address and password to access and edit your existing resume. Posting your resume gives you the most visibility to the broadest Employer audience possible by making your resume searchable in our Candidate Database. Any registered Employer user who purchases access to the database can view your resume and contact details (to the extent you include them in your resume). 

You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time. However, employers, recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put information you would not want made public in your resume. 
