> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ihispano.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121104554id_/http%3A//www.ihispano.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iHispano.com | Privacy Policy | Latino Professional Networking and Job Search

iHispano.com is owned and operated by Professional Diversity Network. Professional Diversity Network is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. In addition to providing our users numerous privacy features, Professional Diversity Network has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate in writing our firm commitment to privacy. 

## Scope of this Policy

This policy applies to Professional Diversity Network and its associated community sites (the “Site” or Sites”), which are owned by Professional Diversity Network. It is Professional Diversity Network’s policy to comply with data protection legislation. This regulates the processing of information relating to you and grants you various rights in respect of your personal data. The Sites contain links to other websites over which we have no control. Professional Diversity Network is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from this site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. 

## Use of Personal Information

Personal information is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information relates, personally. Professional Diversity Network collects personal information from users on a voluntary basis. This information allows us to provide users with private and secure areas to post and modify their original content on our site. If you give us permission, we may also use that information to make you aware of additional products and services of Professional Diversity Network or trusted third parties with whom we have alliances which may be of interest to you, or to contact you regarding site changes. Professional Diversity Network may also provide such information to subsidiaries, affiliates and other trusted third parties with whom we have alliances in connection with providing products or services that you have requested or otherwise with your permission, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

## Type of Information We Collect

We do not display personal information without our users' permission. All users should be aware, however, that when they voluntarily display or distribute personal information (such as their e-mail address), that information can be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from or other uses by third parties, for which Professional Diversity Network is not responsible. 

We collect the following general types of information about you when you visit our Sites: personal information, demographic information, behavioral information, and indirect information. Sometimes we collect combinations of all these types of information. In each case, it is indicated on the Sites whether any personal or demographic data must be provided to use the requested service or not. 

Personal information is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate, personally. We do not collect personal information unless you choose to provide it to us. Some examples of personal information that we collect in some areas of our Site, depending on the services you use and local law, are: your name; address; e-mail address; telephone number; credit card number; contact information; billing information; and information about third parties, such as references or contacts, that you provide to us if you have their express written consent to do so. 

Demographic information is information that is not unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics, such as your ZIP code or postal code, age, preferences, gender, race or ethnicity, occupation, career history, interests and favorites. 

Professional Diversity Network also collects, or logs, certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our Sites. This information includes your Internet Protocol ("IP") address and your domain name. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by the ISP computer through which you access the web and a domain name is the name of the ISP computer itself through which you access the web. 

Professional Diversity Network logs these IP addresses and domain names and aggregates them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We may use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed, and various other site use statistics. Such monitoring helps us evaluate how our Sites are used and continuously improve the content we provide. 

In addition, Professional Diversity Network may collect indirect information about you when you use certain third party services on our Sites. For example, if you register on our Site by using your LinkedIn user name and password, you authorize us to have access to and store the information from your LinkedIn account profile; such information will be subject to, and treated in accordance with, the policies and practices described in this Statement. 

Professional Diversity Network uses a tool called “Google Analytics”, and its "Display Advertising", "Remarketing" and "Demographics and Interest Reporting" features. We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show you ads on sites across the internet. We and third party vendors, including Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based upon your past visits to our Sites. We use Demographics and Interest Reporting to obtain demographic data of our users including a user’s age, gender, language, and interests. We may use this data for general marketing knowledge, and to tailor our service offerings and advertising to better meet the needs and interests of our customers. Using Google’s [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads), you can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. 

Professional Diversity Network also may disclose personal information about you, without notice: (i) in response to requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (ii) if requested by any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as a subpoena; or (iii) if otherwise required by law. 

## How Information is Used

We use the information we gather on our Sites for the purposes of providing our services, responding to any queries you may have, operating and improving our Sites, fostering a positive user experience and delivering the products and services that we offer to jobseekers and employers. Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your career experience and interests. The information we gather on any Site may be shared within the Professional Diversity Network group of companies on a worldwide basis, including countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection with respect to your country of residence, in order to deliver these products and services. 

By registering with Professional Diversity Network, by managing your profile, or expressly opting in when presented with choices, you have consented for us to use your information, subject to local law, in the following ways: to allow you to create an account; to create a profile for you based on information that you have provided to us; to contact you about Site updates, informational and service-related communications, including important security updates; to provide you additional communications, information, and promotions such as newsletters and career advice; to inform you of other products or services available from Professional Diversity Network or its affiliates; to enable you to provide feedback, to contact us and for us to respond to you; to conduct surveys, questionnaires, promotions and contests, and to provide the results thereof such as success stories and contest winners; to provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings to employer customers; to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process, such as accessing the searchable profile/resume database; to provide products and services that enable users to network, post information on bulletin boards, view and compare profiles, and career background and experience; to generate internal reports about the use of our site; and to provide ‘forward to a friend’ features. 

Some of our products and services, such as our searchable profile/resume database and networking, enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you. Profile information may be used for networking with other community members or may be visible to employers who are using the Sites. In addition, portions of your searchable profile/resume (but not your contact information) may be made public in your networking profile. 

Information you post in public areas of the site or placed in the searchable profile/resume database will be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world, including countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection with respect to your country of residence. By providing your personal information for inclusion in our database, you acknowledge that you consent to your information being used as described here. While Professional Diversity Network takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use by third parties, Professional Diversity Network does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Sites. Accordingly, you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information, including personality profiles, to any Site. 

## Disclosure of Information to Others

We disclose to third parties within your country and abroad your personal information, combined personal, demographic, behavioral or indirect information, as set forth below. 

1\. We may share your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals may be located in a country whose data protection legislation is different from your country, and they will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party or use that data for any other purpose. We will remain the data controller and be responsible for any information shared in this way. 

2\. We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you make your profile/resume searchable, then all parties with access to our searchable profile/resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to that database. If you indicate by configuring your profile that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties, we supply your contact information to select third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. 

We also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Sites with Professional Diversity Network’s clients, partners, other Site visitors, and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Sites and how those visitors use the Sites. We may also aggregate on an anonymous basis data regarding job qualifications, schooling, age, experience level or other information relevant to the job search or competition among job seekers for any such job. Such data may be made available to employers or fellow job seekers or community members. 

We supply technology, hosting and related services to other leading companies to power recruitment areas on their websites (sometimes referred to as “Hosted Career Sites”). Personal and/or demographic information supplied by you in Hosted Career Sites becomes part of the Professional Diversity Network database, but it is not accessible by anyone other than you, Professional Diversity Network, and the company concerned without your consent. If you attempt to register with Professional Diversity Network after registering with a Hosted Career Site, Professional Diversity Network will recognize your information and you will be able to use the information you provided to the Hosted Career Site in your account registration. 

Information gathered on a page in a Hosted Career Site area or on a co-branded page may be retained by both Professional Diversity Network and the other company. In that instance, the use of such information by the other company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company and Professional Diversity Network is not responsible for that company's use of your personal or demographic information. 

If you apply for a position through a Hosted Career Site or a co-branded site, you may be asked to provide information on your age, gender or race where permitted by law. You should understand that, if provided, this information should only be used by employers in accordance with applicable law. However, Professional Diversity Network is not responsible for the actions of such employers. All such information provided will be kept separate by Professional Diversity Network from your expression of interest in any job opportunity. Providing this information is strictly voluntary and you will not be subject to any adverse action or treatment from Professional Diversity Network if you choose not to provide this information. 

If you apply for a position on Professional Diversity Network through a Hosted Career Site, you may be asked to provide information on your gender, race, other protected status, or for a government identity number (such as a Social Security Number in the U.S.) where permitted by applicable law. Some employers are required by law to gather this information from job applicants for reporting and record-keeping requirements. You should understand that if provided, this information may only be used by employers only in accordance with applicable law and they should not use it in making any negative employment decisions. All information provided will be kept separate from your expression of interest in any job opportunity. Providing this information is subject to local law. 

3\. We disclose information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith – after considering your privacy interests and other factors – that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. Because Professional Diversity Network is a US company and information collected on our Sites is stored in whole or in part in the United States, your information may become subject to U.S. law. 

4\. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of Professional Diversity Network's business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Professional Diversity Network becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Professional Diversity Network or its liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court. You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Sites. 

Again, in each of these situations, the recipients of your data may potentially be located in any country in the world. If you are a resident in any EU member state, for example, you must be aware that the EU authorities do not generally consider that the regulations of non-EU countries ensure an adequate or equivalent level of protection as compared to the EU data protection regulations. 

##  An Important Note about Your Profile/Resume 

When you create or post a profile/resume to the Sites, that profile/resume is stored in our searchable profile/resume database in the United States. You may control the status of your profile/resume by setting it to private or public. 

If you set your profile/resume as private, it is not searchable by potential employers or other with access to our profile/resume database. You may still use your profile/resume to apply online to a job. If you do apply online to a job, your profile/resume will be transferred to the relevant employer, who may retain a copy of your profile/resume or distribute it to third parties, subject to local law. We cannot control their use and retention of your profile/resume information. 

If you set your profile/resume as public, then all parties with access to our searchable profile/resume database (or copies thereof) will have access to your profile/resume. Employers or other parties with access to our searchable profile/resume database may be located in countries whose data protection legislation may not be equivalent to the laws in your country. For example, your profile/resume may be viewed and accessed by employers outside the European Economic Area who have access to our searchable database. By making your profile/resume public, you are expressly consenting to such transfers of data occurring. 

We attempt to limit access to our searchable profile/resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We cannot control the use made of profiles/resumes by third parties who access such profiles/resumes while they are in our searchable database. You may remove your profile/resume from our searchable database at any time; details of how to do this are given below. However, employers, recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your profile/resume in their own files or databases. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of profiles/resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your profile/resume. 

If you provide us with details of a reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so. 

If you use our facilities to build a profile/resume or to post a profile/resume in our database of jobseekers’ profiles/profile/resumes, then you will be providing us with personal data we will use in accordance with this Statement. Your profile/resume must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, or (viii) any Social Security Number or national identification number, if you set your profile/resume as private unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process your sensitive personal data, if Professional Diversity Network determines this to be a requirement of applicable law. If your profile/resume does contain such data and you set your profile/resume as public, then you agree that we may retain this information and use it in accordance with this Statement. We cannot control third parties’ access to such information from our searchable database. 

## Posting Your Information to Public Areas of Professional Diversity Network

Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Professional Diversity Network, such as in online forums or chat rooms, or in the searchable profile/resume database, such information may be collected and used by others over whom Professional Diversity Network has no control. We cannot control the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Professional Diversity Network. 

## Your Choices About Your Information

Because managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below. You may have access to, review, correct, update, change or delete your account profile information or profile/resume at any time. Simply log into your account, go to your profile/resume, and make the necessary changes. You may delete your profile/resume from Professional Diversity Network’s online database at any time by accessing your account. Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting, updating or deleting such information, we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Professional Diversity Network if it would violate another person’s rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt. If we require additional time to provide access to your information, we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law. 

If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether, please [click here](http://support.prodivnet.com/customer/portal/emails/new) to contact us. An email will be sent to you to confirm that your personal information has been deleted (save for an archival copy which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet). The archival copy is retained only for as long as Professional Diversity Network reasonably considers necessary for audit and record purposes. We will retain logs, demographic, indirect, and statistical information about you and keep an archival copy of this information in an anonymized form. If your personal information was previously accessed by others using our Sites, we are not able to delete the information or copies thereof from their systems. 

If you are a job seeker with a public profile/resume and have not logged onto the Sites for an extended period, we may make your profile/resume unsearchable. 

If you wish to revoke your consent to our Privacy Statement, please [click here](http://support.prodivnet.com/customer/portal/emails/new) to contact us. However, please note that if you do withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use the relevant services and your account and profile information will be deleted. 

If you previously opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from Professional Diversity Network or third parties, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by editing your account profile as described above. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your account profile. 

## Other Important Information

## Security

You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your username and password) are kept confidential. 

Professional Diversity Network has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Moreover, one of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to broadcast the information in your profile/resume and profile widely and to maximize your career opportunities. Accordingly, such an environment does present a risk that unauthorized third parties will view this data, so you should refer to our Security Centre for additional information on conducting a safe job search. Further, your profile/resume should not contain any sensitive data including personality profiles or data that you would not want made public. You should be aware that profiles/profile/resumes you complete at your current place of work may be monitored by your current employer. 

When you place an order online at Professional Diversity Network, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. Professional Diversity Network uses a service company to process its credit card transactions. For further information on this company’s privacy and security practices, please [click here](https://stripe.com/us/privacy). 

We also use cookies, web beacons, and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience. For additional detailed information on each of these, please see below. 

## Children

Professional Diversity Network is not intended for, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 13. 

Changes to Privacy Statement 

If we decide to change the substance of our Privacy Statement for Professional Diversity Network, we will, where required, contact you via the email address that you maintain in your profile. We will also post those changes through a prominent notice on the Sites so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. 

## Legal and Contact Information

Your data is submitted to Professional Diversity Network, Inc. and is hosted and stored in a database on servers situated in the United States owned and maintained by Engine Yard, Inc. 

If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please feel free to [email us](http://support.prodivnet.com/customer/portal/emails/new). 

## Your California Rights

A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California customer”) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. 

However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer’s personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. 

As stated in our Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personally identifiable information on one of our sites. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. 

California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by [e-mailing us](http://support.prodivnet.com/customer/portal/emails/new). Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address. 

## Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Java Script

Cookies: Professional Diversity Network uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is either stored in your computer’s memory temporarily (a “session” cookie) or placed on your hard drive (a “persistent” cookie) by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. 

When you return to the Professional Diversity Network site, cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided, so you can easily use the features that you customized. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. For example, if you personalize Professional Diversity Network pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). 

We predominately use “session” cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive. Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser. When you carry out a job search or apply online a large amount of data is processed by our system and transferred through each page of the search or application process. This information includes your job search criteria, data that identifies your profile/resume, covering letter, the job you are applying for, your right to work in the relevant country and the results of any questionnaire you have completed as part of the online application process as well as demographic information that is not unique to you. “Session” cookies allow us to keep track of this data until you have completed your search or application. We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams, for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages. 

We use “persistent” cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time. “Persistent” Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded to any poll or seen an advertisement or information notice placed on the site so that we do not show you the poll, advertisement or notice again the next time you visit our site. If you are a recruiter and have an alliance arrangement in place with Professional Diversity Network we also use “persistent” cookies to recall your alliance status and display your correct pricing information when you access our site. The “persistent” cookies we use will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire when you log out of the Site or 60 days after your last visit for security cookies, 90 days after your last visit for poll response and alliance cookies, or two years after your last visit for advertisement and information notice cookies. 

We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Sites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies’ servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Professional Diversity Network has no control over, and is not responsible for, the practices of those third party advertisers. Professional Diversity Network encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers. 

We allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Professional Diversity Network’s advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties. The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission. The “persistent” cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer after you have left our site for up to 20 years. 

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying your browser settings. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Sites. 

Web Beacons: Professional Diversity Network Web pages may also contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information on Professional Diversity Network; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser. 

JavaScript: Professional Diversity Network also uses JavaScript, for example, within certain advertisements. JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites, particularly in respect to pictures. We are not collecting any personal data via JavaScript but use it to inform employers about how many applicants have clicked on email addresses embedded in their job ads, for example. You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way. If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the Sites. 

Additional Privacy Features 

Opt-Out/Discontinuation - Professional Diversity Network provides users the opportunity to opt-out of or discontinue receiving communications from Professional Diversity Network. If you do not desire to continue receiving communications from Professional Diversity Network, please send your request to opt out to Professional Diversity Network at <http://support.prodivnet.com/customer/portal/emails/new>. It may be necessary to contact affiliates, business partners or other third parties directly in order to cease receiving communications from those third parties, by following the “opt out” hyperlink, issuing an “unsubscribe” email, or as otherwise directed in a communication received from such affiliate, business partner, or other third party. 

Deleting Personal Information - Professional Diversity Network gives users the ability to remove their information from our database. However, Professional Diversity Network may retain archival copies of the information that is not accessible online and will not be used for commercial purposes. 

Changes/Modifications - Professional Diversity Network gives users the continuous ability to change and modify information previously provided by accessing and updating their personal information through their account with Professional Diversity Network. 

## Third Party Interaction

As a user of Professional Diversity Network, you may interact with, purchase goods and/or services, or participate in promotions of advertisers, members, partners, or sponsors showing their goods and/or services on the Site. Unless otherwise stated, any such interaction, purchase or promotion, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and/or services, and any other term, condition, warranty or representation associated with such correspondence, purchase or promotion, is solely between you and the applicable third party. You agree that Professional Diversity Network, its subsidiaries, affiliates, members, managers, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such interaction, purchase or promotion between you and any such third party. 

## Links

The Sites may contain links to other websites. Professional Diversity Network is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or the content of the other websites that are not under its control. Professional Diversity Network encourages you to review each of these third parties’ privacy policies regarding their use and handling of your personal information. 

## Changes to the Privacy Policy

Professional Diversity Network reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Professional Diversity Network will notify you about any significant changes by providing a prominent notice on the Site. This Privacy Policy is effective immediately. 

## How to Contact Us

If you have further questions about our Sites, our products or services, or our privacy policies or practices after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at <http://support.prodivnet.com/customer/portal/emails/new>. 
