> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hibid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161228205913id_/http%3A//hibid.com/%23email-cta-footer) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HiBid Auctions

#### Join our email list to receive our weekly newsletter. We only send one email per week and we will never share your email address with anyone else. We hate spam too!

**Email Privacy Policy** We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. **Why did you receive an email from us?** If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings. **How we protect your privacy** We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system. **Sharing and Usage** We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
