> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shuttle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101128161124id_/http%3A//us.shuttle.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Shuttle XPC | PC Made Modern

|  | 

Shuttle XPC System respects the privacy of each visitor. Shuttle XPC System will only use your personal information provided by you to Shuttle XPC System in the ways described in this Privacy Policy statement. Shuttle XPC System does not knowingly sell your personal information or e-mail addresses to third parties for any purpose. All information provided by you is used only for the purposes stated on our website in order to service our visitors/customers, to provide and to improve our services to you, to process your requests and/or transactions, to provide you with any products or services requested by you, to evaluate your needs, to evaluate and to improve our performance, to diagnose problems with our server, to provide you with promotional materials and to administer our business. Some information might be shared with our agents or affiliates in order to achieve these goals. However, these agents or affiliates are required to protect such information with strict confidentiality. The information may also be used or disclosed when such use or disclosure is requested by you or is required by law, government agencies, regulatory entities or other appropriate authorities or is necessary to prevent harm to other people, to identify persons who may be violating the law, the user agreement or the rights of third parties, or to cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities. If you would like to receive updates and information from Shuttle XPC System, please click [here](mailto:systems@us.shuttle.com) . 

In addition, your personal information provided by you to Shuttle XPC System, such as demographic or profile data, may be provided to and used by Shuttle XPC System's advertisement providers to create better advertisement services or other entities who may want to contact our customers. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. 

Occasionally, Shuttle XPC System conducts surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other events, in which we ask you for contact, demographic and other information. The information that you provide to such surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other events is used collectively for analytical purposes. We do not track individual responses to those surveys. The contact information that you provided for such surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other events may be used to send you promotional materials from us and/or some of our partners. Such information may also be shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. 

Shuttle XPC System prohibits any employees, who may have access to your personal information provided by you, to use or disclose your personal information for any other use other than Shuttle XPC System's business purposes. 
