> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the homemade-porn-tube.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090616161652id_/http%3A//www.homemade-porn-tube.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# homemade-porn-tube.com

This document details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User Data collected on homemade-porn-tube.com  
The security of your data is very important to homemade-porn-tube.com and as such we take all appropriate steps to limit the risk that it may be lost, damaged or misused.  
This site expressly and strictly limits its membership and/or viewing privliges to adults 18 years of age and over or having attentaind the age of majotity in their comunity. All persons who do not meet tis criteria are strictly forbiden from accessing or viewing the contents of this site. We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons who have not attained the age of majority. 

Personal Information: Non-registered users can watch videos without registering and without any information being collected and processed. However the visitor's IP address will be recorded in the event that there is any misappropriation of information and/or content.  
Registered Members: Registration is required for uploading videos, and accessing a number of other features like making friends or post comments. The following personal information is requested at the time of registration: username (required), and email address (required). Additional personal information, such as year of birth, relationship status and sexual orientation may be added on a voluntary basis after registration, for members interested in identifying and potentially contacting other members meeting specific criteria. All this data with the exception of the email address and IP address becomes publicly accessible information.  
Content uploaded to the site: Any personal information or video content that you voluntarily disclose online becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.  
Cookies: When you visit homemade-porn-tube.com, we may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser session. homemade-porn-tube.comuses both session cookies and persistent cookies. If you remove your persistent cookie, some of the site's features may not function properly.  
Log File Information: When you visit homemade-porn-tube.com, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, platform type, domain names and the date and time of your request.  
Emails: If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. 

Your personally identifiable information submitted to homemade-porn-tube.com is used to provide to the user the website's features and special personalised features.   
Your chosen usernaname (not your email address) is displayed to other users alongside the content you upload, including videos, comments, at, the messages you send through the homemade-porn-tube.com private mail, etc. Other users can contact you through, private messages.   
Any videos that you submit to homemade-porn-tube.com may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.   
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent.   
We may use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of key website changes or for customer service purposes).   
We analyse aggregated user traffic information to help streamline our marketing and hosting operations and to improve the quality of the homemade-porn-tube.com user-experience. 

If under duty to do so homemade-porn-tube.com may release data to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce our Terms Of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of homemade-porn-tube.com or our subscribers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations including the police and governmental authorities for the purposes of protection against fraud or any other kind of illegal activity whether or not identified in the Terms Of Service. It is homemade-porn-tube.com's policy, whenever possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify you upon an obligation to supply data to any third party.   
Should you deliberatlly upload any illegal material homemade-porn-tube.com shall forward all available information to all relevant authrities and this without notice.   
\- We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. 

Where we have given you (or where you have chosen a password) which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.   
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. homemade-porn-tube.com uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to homemade-porn-tube.com and you do so at your own risk. 

You are entitled to access and correct your data by doing so directly on the website or by requesting us to do so via the contact us section. If you have additional questions or if you regognize that your private data is misused by others, for example that you find videos that are under your copyright shown on this site, or your picture is misused by other persons to sign up on homemade-porn-tube.com under your name/avatar, please contact us at webmaster[at]homemade-porn-tube.com.
