> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the homenetinc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140430234351id_/http%3A//www.homenetauto.com/privacy-statement.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HomeNet Automotive | Online vehicle marketing solutions for automobile dealerships

## HomeNet Privacy Statement

Effective Date: March 29, 2013

HomeNet, Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to its websites. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through our websites intended for employees and representatives of motor vehicle dealerships, and manufacturers. This website is not intended for use by consumers. This Privacy Statement does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than the website. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through the website and what we do with that information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at privacy@autotrader.com. 

### THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The information we gather falls into two categories: (1) information supplied by you when you register for, request or use the products, services and tools available through the website; and (2) information we collect as you use the website. Third-party providers involved in the operation of the website (including, but not limited to, vendors of products and services and providers of widgets, tools and applications) may also collect information about you. Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies. 

**Communicating with us** You may sign up for or use certain products, services and tools on our website that require or permit you to provide information about yourself or the business entity you represent, such as your name, company, email address, and phone number. For example, you may provide such information if you sign up for our newsletters, register for an event, complete our "Contact Us" form or use a social media or interactive tool. We may also from time to time provide various other opportunities for users of the website to give us their opinions or provide us with feedback. We may use this information in order to provide you with the products, services or tools you have requested. 

**Email Addresses** We may use your email address to respond to requests you make for our products or services or to respond to your communications with us. We may also contact you to inquire about your experience on the website, to provide you with information about products and services available from us or from our affiliates or to communicate to you information related to the automotive industry. From time to time, we may also send you emails that include special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you. We hope you will find these communications informative and useful. If you do not, you can unsubscribe from any of our commercial email programs by following the simple instructions included in an email you receive in connection with that program. 

**Online Surveys** From time to time, we survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our products and services and to help us learn more about them and how they interact with our products and services. We use the survey results to learn about our customers and to improve the products and services we offer. A third-party research firm may conduct a survey on our behalf, but we will not share any personally-identifying information you submit in response to the survey with any other third party without your consent, except as specifically described in this Privacy Statement. 

**Social Media** When you use one of the social media tools available on the website, we and the social media company operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use. The social media company's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy. 

**Cookies** To help us tailor the website, and the tools and applications on the website, to the needs and interests of our users, we keep track of visitor interactions with the website through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use website and applications. The “Help” function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to disable cookies. However, if you do not accept cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of some features of the website that are available to other visitors. We use cookies to improve the user experience on the website by making them more responsive to the needs of our users and to make it easier for us to recognize you when you return to the website. We also use cookies to analyze website performance and to measure advertising performance. 

**Web Beacons** To help us (and in some cases our advertisers and third-party service providers) keep track of how many users are accessing particular pages or features within the website, and to track how users respond to ads and to other content we display on our website, we may place a small file, called a web beacon, on some of our pages and on some of the listings and ads we distribute. 

We may also place a web beacon in the emails we send to you. When you open one of our emails or click on links within these emails, we track this click-through data to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications to you. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not open these emails or click text or graphic links in the emails. 

**Information about Your Computer or Device** Our web server (and/or any web server operated by third party service providers on our behalf) automatically collects and may store limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our website, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, and your IP address. Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration (including fraud detection and prevention) and troubleshooting purposes. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to the website and the website you visit after you leave the website. 

**Combined Technology Information** Cookies, beacons, information collected about your computer or device, and other data collection technologies (“Data Technologies”) may be used individually or in combination in order to provide and/or administer our services, to help us understand user behavior, to monitor website performance, optimize ads and measure advertising performance. 

**Website Analytics** We may collect, or have a third party collect on our behalf, data on how visitors use and navigate through the website, such as the number of users who visit various pages within the website, what they click on, whether they scroll up or down on particular pages, fill out forms, etc. We use this information to improve the website and learn about users, and may disclose it to our affiliates (including, among others, the members of the AutoTrader Group, Inc. corporate family), or to third parties. 

**Advertising** We have relationships with certain third-party advertising networks, Advertisers, and advertising services ("Advertising Services") that collect data, target and serve some of the advertisements, promotions or other marketing messages you may see on this website. Such Advertising Services may, including through processes that we do not control, use Data Technologies from third party companies to collect data from your activities on this website, on other websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates, or with other websites. These technologies may be used to track user behavior, how our products and services are offered, conduct consumer research and possibly to serve you relevant ads and content. These companies may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from services you use from other companies, including without limitation, other websites, mobile websites or applications, and combine the information they obtain through these Data Technologies with information obtained through our products and services. Their collection and use of this data is subject to their own privacy policies. See “Use and Disclosure of Information” below for more information on opt out options. 

### USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

**Ad Serving and Targeting** We (or a third party service provider acting on our behalf), our Advertising Services, our advertisers, and/or our third party providers may use data collected using cookies, beacons, and/or browser level information to help us tailor the content of advertising, marketing, and promotional messages on this website, other websites and mobile and tablet applications to the perceived interests of our users. 

**Our Participation in the Industry Self-Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads; Additional Choice Options** We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance, which regulates practices relating to the collection of user data for advertising purposes. To opt out of interest-based advertising on the website or to learn more about such data collection practices, please visit AdChoices at aboutads.info or evidon.com. Pages of the website that collect information that may be used by our advertising partners for interest-based advertising display a link to AdChoices on the page. 

In some cases, to provide you with a customized experience and to enhance our services, we (or third-party service providers acting on our behalf) may combine information (including personally-identifying information) that we collect through the website with information about you and/or your computer from other sources, including offline interactions with us, public databases and third parties. 

We may share this information with our affiliates, including AutoTrader Group, Inc., and any of their subsidiaries, so that we and they may provide you with information, products, and services that we believe may be of interest to you. 

### LINKS AND FEATURES WITH OTHER PROVIDERS

To make our website more valuable to our visitors, we feature some products and services that come from third parties. We share with these third parties information to help them provide the products or services. Our website may link to websites of such third parties, which are not governed by this Privacy Statement. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services. When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our website, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the third-party provider of those products or services. If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of the third-party providers via a link either from their website's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the third-party provider directly for more information. 

### OTHER DISCLOSURES

We may release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with laws; to respond to legal process or a to valid law enforcement request; to enforce our Visitor Agreement; or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to the website, our customers, the public or HomeNet. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that HomeNet, one of its business units, or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets. 

If we ask a third-party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf, we will share with that company (or its agent) a list of email addresses collected from visitors who have opted out of our email program. 

When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you, we may provide them with information about our visitors as is appropriate for them to perform their services. We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request. 

### SECURITY

HomeNet takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner. While we work hard to protect your privacy, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable, or invulnerable to attack, including your own, and the ones used to transmit your data to us. We cannot and do not guarantee that our systems, or your information, will be secure. 

### INTERNATIONAL VISITORS

This website is intended for visitors within the United States. If you reside outside the United States, please be aware that (i) our databases are stored on servers and storage devices located in the United States, (ii) your information (including personal data) may be transferred to the United States for processing and storage, and (iii) the United States, and the localities within the United States where our databases are located, may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the locality or country in which you reside. By using our website, you expressly agree to our collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of your information (including personal data) for the purposes identified herein, and you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country. 

### PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN

This website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information. If you are under 13, please do not use the website and do not provide any information about yourself on the website. 

### CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT

If we need to change our Privacy Statement at some point in the future, we will post the revised Privacy Statement here and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the amendment. Your continued use of this website following the effective date of any such amendment shall be deemed to constitute your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement and any updates. By visiting the website, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement. 
