> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hometogo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160316095121id_/https%3A//www.hometogo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | HomeToGo | Vacation rentals

## Privacy Policy

HomeToGo respects your privacy, and promises to use any information we hold about you in a safe and responsible way. By accessing our Website, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy, in particular, our use of your information, as outlined below.

### General Information regarding processing of personal information by HomeToGo

HomeToGo does not gather, store, process or use any personal data about its users through the website http://www.hometogo.com unless you transmit such data by contacting HomeToGo via email, via the contact form or by disclosing the data through the registration of a user profile. In these circumstances, the personal data transmitted by the user is processed exclusively for the purpose for which you contacted us.

HomeToGo will not at any time disclose the user’s personal data to any third party. HomeToGo will also not transmit the data into countries outside of the scope of the Directive 95/46/EG of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 24th 1995 and will process the personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection laws, unless the user explicitly agrees to the disclosure or transmission of such data.

HomeToGo will never give out your personal information to third parties or use it for commercial or marketing purposes, unless you give us your explicit consent to do so. If a user creates a HomeToGo user account, the user’s disclosed data will only be stored and processed by HomeToGo for the purposes of enabling the user access to the services provided by HomeToGo and to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Website, HomeToGo’s business and the user experience..

For example, our Website makes it possible for you to save and track accommodation offers. In order to provide this service, data about your search, such as search terms; offers; technical information about your device; and browser, will be stored. This data will only be used for the described purpose. No such data will be disclosed to third parties. HomeToGo will seek your explicit consent before notifying you about new offers which may interest you.

### Facebook Connect

HomeToGo provides you with the opportunity to log into our services with your existing Facebook Account (Facebook Connect). If you take advantage of this service, we will only be given access to information about you which you explicitly agree to be disclosed to us. The use of Facebook Connect will not give us any access to further information on your Facebook Profile. The disclosed data will be only used to create a new HomeToGo user account. No permanent connection between the two accounts (Facebook and HomeToGo) will be established. Using Facebook Connect, you will be connecting directly with the Facebook-Server, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. Facebook will receive information about you, using your log-in credentials with the HomeToGo services.

### Third Party Offers

Once you decide to click on an accommodation offer provided by a third party, you will leave the HomeToGo website and be redirected to the third party provider’s website. HomeToGo will not have any influence over the third party’s compliance with the applicable privacy regulations. HomeToGo will not demand, gather or store any personal information you disclose to the third party, e.g. during the booking process through the third party’s website.

### Cookies

HomeToGo uses cookies. Cookies are small text files, typically containing letters and numbers, which are downloaded onto your computer, smart phone or tablet device by websites that you visit. Cookies are widely used to make websites work or operate more efficiently. You can distinguish among so called “Session Cookies”, stored in the working memory (RAM), or so called “Permanent Cookies” stored on the hard drive of your computer. Both of these types of cookies are used to recognize your browser when you access the HomeToGo services again. We also use cookies in order to improve our services, make our website user friendly, effective and as safe as possible and to give you a better user experience.

The following information is gathered, stored and processed through the use of our cookies: Referrer-URL; anonymized IP address; date of the server inquiry; technical information regarding the OS; and browser and possible plug-ins of your device.

If you do not wish to enable cookies, you will still be able to browse our website. You can configure your browser so that it does not accept cookies, or so that you will be informed on every occasion a website wishes to store a cookie on your computer.. It is also possible to erase any already existing cookies stored by your browser.

### Web Analytics

In order to optimize its website and databases, HomeToGo uses the web analytics solution provided by econda GmbH, Eisenlohrstr. 43, 76135 Karlsruhe. The web analytics solution uses and is based on cookies. Econda has been awarded with a certificate of “Certified Data Protection“ for the application field of “Web Shop Controlling”. None of the analytics procedures applied by econda possess any personal data about the user. Econda’s technologies only gather technical information, i.e. regarding the browser used, as well as anonymized data, which then are combined and analyzed. The IP-address you use to access the HomeToGo services is processed only in an anonymized form. For any further information regarding the econda web analytics tools please visit[ http://www.econda.com](http://www.econda.com/ "econda")

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files stored in your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Since HomeToGo has activated the IP-anonymization, your IP-address will be anonymized by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will Google transmit your full IP-address to the USA and anonymize it there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not combine your IP address with other Google-data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You may choose to prevent Google from gathering and processing the information stored through the use of cookies by downloading and installing the browser plug-in offered under the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>. If you use HomeToGo on a mobile device, you can use the following link (click here), in order to prevent Google from gathering and processing your data through the HomeToGo Website. If you do so, an Opt-Out-Cookie will be stored on your device. If you delete all cookies on your device, the Opt-Out-Cookie will be erased as well, so that you will have to click on this link again.

Besides Google Analytics, HomeToGo also uses ”Google AdWords“. AdWords is used for purposes of Conversion-Tracking, in order to evaluate the effectiveness of certain advertisements and functions on the Website. AdWords also creates and stores a cookie as soon as you click on an advertisement. This cookie is not used for any personal identification, but shall only provide the information where you have visited the same advertisement within a time period of 30 days. You can prevent your browser from storing this cookie by choosing the appropriate settings in your browser software.

HomeToGo also uses the Mouseflow web analytics service provides by Mouseflow ApS, Flaesketorvet 68, 1711 Copenhagen, Denmark. The service may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website, except text in password fields of any randomly selected visits. Mouseflow does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. It may only collect randomly selected visits (only by storing anonymized IP-addresses). Mouseflow does not track your browsing habits across other web sites or text inputted in password fields. The information collected by Mouseflow is used in order to improve the HomeToGo website, make it more user-friendly and monitor that it is performing correctly. Mouseflow does not disclose any information to third parties. In case you do not wish any recordings done by Mouseflow, you can opt-out from the Mouseflow Services for all websites using these services over the following link: [ www.mouseflow.com/opt-out/](http://www.mouseflow.com/opt-out/). Clicking on this link, will store a cookie on your device. In case you delete all cookies from your browser, you will have to click on this link again. 

### Newsletter

HomeToGo offers you a newsletter service via email in order to inform you about its own offers and offers from third parties. If you wish to receive the HomeToGo newsletter, we will need your valid email address and your explicit consent to opt into our newsletter services. No further data will be gathered, stored or processed. You can opt-out from the newsletter service at any time by clicking on the link listed on the bottom of each newsletter email. You can also opt-out from the use of your email by emailing the address listed below at any time. HomeToGo will not disclose your email address to any third party. 

### Social-Plugins

HomeToGo provides you with different Social-Plug-Ins. As soon as you select one of them and click on the particular button, potentially a direct connection with the servers of the particular Social-Media-Provider will be established. 

Our website also uses social plug-ins provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The plug-ins are identifiable by a Facebook logo or the notice “Facebook Social Plug-in”.

When you click on a Facebook button, your browser may establish a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the plug-in content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about you having accessed the respective page of our website. HomeToGo does not give any guarantees regarding the gathering of personal data by Facebook through the Facebook Plug-in. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plug-in and we take no responsibility for the use of this data. For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy, please visit Facebook’s privacy policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. The embedded plug-ins provide Facebook with information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plug-ins, for example by clicking “Like”, or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Facebook, there is possibility that the plug-ins transmits your IP-address to Facebook. If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our website. Further you can block Facebook social plug-ins by using add-ons for your browser, like the “Facebook Blocker“. 

Our website in addition uses social plug-ins provided by the social network plus.google.com, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. The plug-ins are labeled with the Google logo, the Google +1 logo or with the addition “Google Social Plug-in”. When you visit a page of our website that contains such a social plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to Google servers. Google directly transfers the plug-in content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Google to receive information about you having accessed the respective page of our website. If you are logged into Google, your visit can be assigned to your Google account. If you interact with the plug-ins, for example by clicking the “+1” button, or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Google and stored by it. For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Google, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit Google’s privacy policy:http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ Please note that HomeToGo does not give any guarantees regarding the gathering of personal data by Google. We also have no influence on the data gathered by the plug-in and Take no responsibility for how such data is used. If you do not want Google to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Google, please log off Google before entering our website. 

HomeToGo also provides you with the ability to use the Twitter Plug-in in order to share information you have found on our website. This plug-in is solely provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plug-in your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Twitter, which is used to retrieve the contents of the plug-in. Through this process, Twitter is aware that you have visited this website. If you are logged in to Twitter while browsing this website, Twitter can match your visit with your account. By interacting with the plug-in, this information is sent directly to Twitter and processed there. If you would like to opt out, please log out of Twitter before visiting this website. For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Twitter, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit Twitter’s privacy policy : <https://twitter.com/privacy>. HomeToGo does not give any guarantees and has no influence regarding the gathering and processing of personal data by Twitter. 

### Support

Any kind of support inquiry can be transmitted via our contact form on the HomeToGo website. For organizing those support inquiries, HomeToGo uses a ticketing system provided by Zendesk, Inc., 989 Market Street, Suite 300 San Francisco, CA 94102, USA. Zendesk processes the information as well as date and time of the inquiry, disclosed by the user via the contact form. Zendesk then submits the information to the HomeToGo ticketing system. All inquiries are processed on European servers only and kept confidential. In case you do not wish Zendesk to process your inquiry, please feel free to contact the customer service of HomeToGo via info@hometogo.com.

No personal data will be disclosed to any third party other than in the circumstances aforementioned unless you have explicitly give your consent to such disclosure. The only exception to this is in the event that HomeToGo is legally obliged to disclose any personal data, or where disclosure is necessary to prevent danger to the public or to aid a criminal investigation.

### Rights to access, rectify, erase and block personal information 

Every user has the right to access and the right to rectify, erase or block the personal data concerning the user which is stored and processed by HomeToGo.

You also have the right to fully or partially withdraw your approval of future data processing through HomeToGo at any time. Please address the withdraw of approval via email to

privacy@hometogo.com

or via letter to

Sonnenburger Str. 73 10437 Berlin

If you have any general questions or suggestions regarding data privacy and data protection, access, rectification or erasure rights, please also use the contacts mentioned above.

### Prevalence of the German version of the Privacy Policy and application of the Law of the Federal Republic of Germany

Please note that even if our services including this privacy policy are offered and outlined in English, in any case of any deviation between the English and the German version, the German language version will prevail. The German Version can be found under the following link: <http://www.hometogo.de/datenschutz/>

The right of the Federal Republic of Germany applies to any legal issues regarding this Privacy Policy or the user’s data protection rights in general. 
