> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hometheaterforum.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130509103205id_/http%3A//www.hometheaterforum.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Home Theater Forum

**Privacy Policy**  
This privacy policy describes how HTF treats the personally identifiable information that is collected about you when you visit the web site to which this policy is linked. What is Personally Identifiable Information "Personally identifiable information" is information that we can use to identify you as an individual. Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, telephone number and any other information that is connected with you personally. **Information This Privacy Policy Does Not Apply To**  
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except HTF and only applies to the web sites to which this policy is linked. Any information you provide when you visit web sites other than those covered by this policy or when you purchase any products or services, or enter contests, that may be linked to or advertised on our web site by companies other than HTF is subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites. Except as may be otherwise specified herein, this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline. **Collection of Personally Identifiable Information**  
HTF generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent. When you register on HTF, we collect your email address, username, password. These are required for users to store and modify content on the site. We will also collect messages, IP address, and information from browser data and cookies.  
Your User ID, lists and associated content and any postings you make to the forums and wikis are displayed throughout the Site. Therefore this data is available to the public and will be identifiable to your User ID.

This information may sometimes be collected by third party service providers with whom HTF contracts to host the web site or to fulfill requests for services; in that event, HTF asks such service providers to make the personal information available only to HTF for HTF to use in accordance with the terms of this policy and not to use the information for any other purpose. HTF uses this information to allow you to enjoy the functionality of the site, to troubleshoot and to provide customer support. In addition, HTF may use your content to improve our marketing and promotional efforts by providing targeted advertising based on the content of your Product Profile.

We do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. If you send an email using the service to an email address that is not registered in our community, we do not use that email address for any purpose other than to send your email. We do not rent or sell these email addresses, nor do we send them marketing messages. Other users may send emails and in-system messages to you via the HTF service. HTF does not review these messages before they are sent to you. If you are receiving inappropriate private messages or any form of spam, contact a HTF administrator and swift action will be taken to ban the offending user's account. On an aggregate, non-personally identifiable level we may also use this data to analyze site usage, customize the site's content, layout, and services, and for disclosure to advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes and to demonstrate to them the value of our own site. However, we do not sell or rent any of your personally identifying data to third parties for marketing purposes.

When you register for the first time on HTF, you will be automatically opted in to receive email notices, which may include notification if someone sends you a message, HTF newsletters and announcements, and notification of new activity on your subscriptions.

When you transfer to the site of a retailer, your shopping activity will be conducted on their site, and in accordance with that retailer's own privacy policy and terms of service. HTF has no control over those policies, so you should carefully review them before you conduct any business on a third party site. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. In addition to the foregoing, HTF may share or disclose personally identifiable information about you to other companies or individuals when:

  * we utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information and not to use your personally identifiable information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them;
  * you have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, in which case the information may be shared with that third party for their use in their discretion, including direct marketing. (Some of our contests and sweeps will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like your personal information to be shared with the sponsor. Other contests will not give you that option and in that event, if you do not want your information to be shared, you should not enter the contest);
  * you have furnished us personal information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in (examples include, without limitation, e-commerce partners, services to help old friends locate you online, etc.);
  * we need to protect our legal rights
  * we must comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal or regulatory process;
  * we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or the rights of our users, or general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right



NOTE: **Our Policy Toward Children**

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us via our [feedback form](http://www.hometheaterforum.com/feedback). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. **Cookies**  
HTF (or third party service providers on our behalf) may set and access cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. HTF uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. We may use cookies, IP address and browser data to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the sites, to deliver editorial content, and to personalize information. Our cookies may contain personally identifiable information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated above.

HTF (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis. We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose. Some of our advertisers may serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. If you don't want cookies, most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of our sites may not function efficiently.  
**IP Address**  
Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on the sites, the Web site you visit after our site; the ads you see; the ads you click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Web Site or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our website. We may also link this information with your personal information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Sites, customers or others. 
