> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the homeschoolblogger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151207102438id_/http%3A//mollygreen.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Molly Green

The Molly Green website and its related web pages (the “Website”) are owned and operated by Molly Green, LLC (the “Company” or “we” or “us”). The Company is committed to protecting the personal privacy of all customers (“Customers”), vendors (“Vendors”), and Website users (collectively, “Users”) in accordance with this policy. For purposes of Molly Green’s Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”), any person accessing or using any part of the Website is a “User.” By using the Website, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information (defined below) as described in this Privacy Policy as well as the Website Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.

**Collection of Personal Information.**

Users may register for and use personal accounts and submit certain Personal Information with or without account registration pursuant to the Terms of Use and other policies and procedures posted by the Company on the Website from time to time. We only collect Personal Information from you when you: (1) create an account to subscribe to the Website; (2) complete a survey; (3) contact us; (4) enter a contest or other promotional activity; (5) order products and/or services; or (6) otherwise provide us with your personal information. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) we collect may include, without limitation, your name, age, email address, phone number, address, username, password, bank account information, and credit card information if you submit such information. The Company and Website require this information in order to create and maintain a personal account for or on behalf of User, to enable User to purchase products and services on or through the Website, and to provide Users with access to certain services offered by the Company and/or non-public areas of the Website. The Company may request additional information to verify the identity of a User. The Company may use Cookies and other available technology to remember User preferences and customized settings, facilitate User access to the Website, and verify User access to personal accounts.

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website. Other websites owned by the Company and websites owned or operated by third parties may contain different privacy policies and practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other person, entity, organization, or website to or from which the Website links or is linked. Users are strongly encouraged to read and regularly review posted privacy policies on all websites, whether or not owned by Company or affiliated with the Website.

**Disclosure of Personal Information.**

We will not disclose Personal Information except for the following purposes: (1) to our employees, independent contractors, service providers, and suppliers, to fulfill a product or service request; (2) to contact you when necessary; (3) to address problems with the Website, our business, or products and services; (4) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required or allowed by law; (5) to comply with the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or other Website policies, rules, procedures, and practices; (6) as required by the terms of the Company’s business, affiliate, and sponsorship agreements, including with Christianbook.com; (7) to develop, improve, operate, maintain, and debug the Website; (8) to protect and defend the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, Website, Users, or members of the public; or (9) as part of a transfer of assets, such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or other transaction. Users understand and agree that the Company is not responsible and accepts no liability for the subsequent use or dissemination of Personal Information by third parties, whether or not those parties received the Personal Information from the Company. Users always have the option to choose not to use services or features which require individuals to provide specific Personal Information, although the decision not to provide Personal Information may prevent access to or use of some or all Website products and services.

**E-Mail Contact.**

The Company and other companies affiliated with the Company may use Personal Information from time to time to contact Users for purposes of providing Users with information about: (1) services offered by the Company and the Company’s affiliated companies; (2) changes to the Company or Website policies, rules, procedures, and practices; or (3) the User’s personal account or order information. You may always “opt-out” of receiving marketing, advertising, and sales communications. To opt-out of these communications, please contact [techsupport@mollygreen.com](mailto:techsupport@mollygreen.com). However, you may not opt-out of receiving communications from the Company or its third party contractors related to your account or use of the Website.

**Non-Personal Information.**

As part of the standard operation of the Website, we may automatically collect certain non-personal information from all Users who access the Website, including without limitation: (a) date and time of access; (b) the originating IP address from which User accessed Website; (c) the Internet address of third-party websites from which User accessed or linked to Website; (d) your browser type and operating system; (e) pages and portions of Website the User views or accesses; and (f) the amount of time you spend viewing the Website and number of times you return to the Website.

**Cookies**.

The Company collects this non-personal information through the use of Cookies. “Cookies” means text files with electronic identifiers which store and retrieve information from and about Users. Cookies permit the Website to recognize returning Users, track use of Website, and maintain customized Internet webpages and preferences. Session Cookies expire when a User exits the Internet browser. Persistent Cookies remain on a User’s computer for a given time or until deleted. The Website uses both session Cookies and persistent Cookies. The Cookies used by the Website do not collect Personal Information. Neither the Company nor the Website combines information collected from or through the use of Cookies with other Personal Information to determine the identity or email address of Users without the individual User’s express consent. The Company collects and periodically reviews information collected using Cookies in order to provide access to the Website and related services, to review and evaluate the popularity and functionality of the Website and related services, to establish priorities and allocate resources associated with the Website, and related services and for other internal informational purposes. The Company may share aggregate information collected through the use of Cookies with business partners, affiliated companies, sponsors, advertisers, and other third parties in order to improve the functionality of the Website and the range of available products and services offered through the Website. The Company may also use Cookies, web beacons, or other programs to determine, on an anonymous basis, which portions of the Website are most frequently accessed by Users.

**Third Party Applications.**

The Company may allow you to access the Website or sign into your account through a third party application (e.g. Facebook). In allowing access through such an application, the Company may receive certain information (including Personal Information) from the third party application and disclose certain information to such third party application. If you access the Website or your account from a mobile application, you may provide the Company with geo-location details. You may prevent this disclosure by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.

**Children/Unsupervised Minors.**

The Company is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. The Company does not direct the Website nor does it knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you become aware that your child or minor to whom you are the legal guardian has provided the Website with Personal Information, you may contact [techsupport@mollygreen.com](mailto:techsupport@mollygreen.com) with a request that the minor’s Personal Information be removed. Minors under the age of 18 may not register for a personal account and may not access or use the Website without adult supervision and the consent of a parent or legal guardian. Use of Website constitutes a warranty that the User (a) is not a minor or (b) is a minor using Website with the full knowledge, supervision and consent of his or her parent or legal guardian. The Company strongly encourages parents and legal guardians to review this Privacy Policy, the [Terms of Use](http://mollygreen.com/terms-of-use/), and other posted Website policies and to monitor use of the Internet, including the Website, by their minor children. The Company reserves the right to block or terminate the access of, and delete all information provided by, any User suspected or determined to be a minor using the Website without the supervision and consent of his or her parent or legal guardian.

**Third Party Information.**

Some portions of the Website, including without limitation portions of the Website permitting the purchase of goods, may permit or require Users to enter Personal Information. Use of these portions of the Website constitutes the User’s express representation and warranty that the User has the full authority and express consent of the person whose Personal Information User enters into or provides to the Website or Vendor. The Company does not permit or condone the use of any Personal Information without the specific, express consent of the person to whom the information relates and accepts no liability or responsibility for the entry or use of Personal Information belonging to any person, however received by or transmitted to the Website or Vendor.

**User Access to Personal Information.**

Each User may access his or her own account and Personal Information for the limited purposes of viewing, verifying, altering, or updating Personal Information provided to the Company. The Company reserves the right to maintain all information provided to the Company (including Personal Information) for as long as Company determines is necessary, reasonable, or advisable, provided that such action is allowed by applicable law.

**Links to Other Websites.**

The Website may contain links to other Internet websites (“External Links”). External Links may be provided by advertisers, Users, or other third-party content providers not related to or affiliated with the Company. The Company has no control over third parties or their websites, whether or not those websites link to or from the Website. This Privacy Policy, along with the Terms of Use, and other Website policies do not apply to any External Links or linked sites. Users are advised and strongly encouraged to carefully review and understand the individual privacy policies of other websites (including those of Vendors). The Company accepts no responsibility or liability for the privacy policies or actions of third parties or for information provided to third parties, whether or not linked to or accessed through the Website.

**Vendors and Personal Information.**

If you are a Vendor, you agree to only use Personal Information you collect from Users arising from or related to the User’s use of the Website for Molly Green-related communications and transactions. You agree that you will not use Personal Information for unsolicited commercial messages or other communications without the express consent of the relevant User.

**Payment Information.**

The Website accepts payment for monthly subscriptions of personal accounts and the sale of products by the Company. However, the Website is only a marketplace for Vendor sales and has no involvement in such transactions other than providing a venue for Vendors and Customers to interact. Third parties manage and process payments for goods purchased from Vendors through the Website. Vendors are responsible for selecting a reputable method of payment to complete sales transactions. Users understand and agree that the Company is not responsible and accepts no liability for any payment process or sales transaction and the information (including Personal Information) being exchanged between a Vendor and another User in relation to such transaction.

**Publicly Displayed Data.**

Your username may be publicly displayed and connected to your activity on the Website. Other Users may view certain activity of yours on the Website, including without limitation posts, reviews, ratings, User-profile information, items listed for sale, shop pages, sold item listings, and comments in community forum spaces.

**Privacy and Intellectual Property Rights.**

Personal Information and other information appearing on or incorporated into the Website may be owned by third parties and subject to intellectual property, privacy or other proprietary legal rights. Use of information (including Personal Information) appearing on the Website is subject to this Privacy Policy, the[ Terms of Use](http://mollygreen.com/terms-of-use/), and applicable law. Use of information appearing on the Website without the permission of the owner may result in liability for a variety of claims, including without limitation claims for violation of privacy and intellectual property rights. No person may use or commercially exploit the rights of the Company or any User or other third party, including without limitation reproduction of photographs, product descriptions, trademarks, logos, and other visual representations, without the consent of the owner or rights holder, unless specifically permitted by applicable law.

**Governing Law.**

This Privacy Policy and its terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions therein.

**Changes to Privacy Policy.**

The Company reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy from time to time, with or without cause or prior notice. The Company will post all changes to the Privacy Policy on the Website. Changes to the Privacy Policy are effective immediately upon posting. Users are responsible for reviewing the Privacy Policy regularly. Use of the Website indicates User’s full and complete agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy as if User had signed a written document acknowledging consent to its terms. Use of information gathered by or in the possession of the Company is subject to the Privacy Policy as in effect at the time of use.

**California Do Not Track.**

The Website utilizes WordPress plugins including those which stop plugins from adding tracking code or cookies. To the extent allowable by WordPress plugins, if you turn on Do Not Track in your browser, we will stop collecting the unique browser cookie that links your browser to visits to certain websites for tailoring suggestions or ads.

**Your California Privacy Rights.**

Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared Personal Information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2014 will receive information regarding 2013 sharing activities).

To obtain this information from Molly Green please send an email message to [techsupport@mollygreen.com](mailto:techsupport@mollygreen.com) with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. The requested information, if required by law, will be provided to you at your email inbox.

Effective September 8, 2014.
