> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the homefacts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190608140033id_/https%3A//www.homefacts.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Homefacts

Homefacts, LLC ("Homefacts") respects the privacy of our users and understands the importance of maintaining your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you, why we collect it, and to whom we may disclose it.

By using our Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age. Our Site provides you with information, resources, tools, products and services specific to U.S.-based residential real property markets, and with information about us and our advertisers, and our respective products and services. Entering the Site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to all the terms contained in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is governed by and subject to our Terms of Use. Please do not enter the Site if you are unwilling or unable to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. All sex offender data appearing in search results generated on this Site should be verified by visiting the providing Jurisdiction’s [Public Registry Website](https://www.nsopw.gov/en/Registry) for further information and/or guidance.

The Homefacts family of websites includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the following website (referred to herein as the “Site”): [https://www.Homefacts.com](https://www.homefacts.com/).

Our Site links to other websites and media that may collect User Information, as defined below. This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of the Site, and it addresses only data collected or processed through the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other data collection or processing (which includes but is not limited to data collection practices and data processing practices of websites other than the Site) or to data collection offline or through any process or service that does not contain a direct link to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any linked websites. Please refer to the privacy policies and statements of linked websites to obtain information regarding their data collection practices, security, use, and disclosure policies.

As used herein, the terms “consumer” and “consumers” generally includes any visitor to or user of the Site, other than Professionals. The term “Professional(s)” means individuals, companies, and other organizations or persons acting as professionals or otherwise engaged in a business relevant to the Site, including, without limitation, product or service providers and other service professionals. Except as otherwise indicated, Professionals, consumers, and other persons using the Site are individually and collectively referred to as “you,” “your,” or “yours” as appropriate. Homefacts, LLC is referred to herein as "Homefacts," "we," "us," or "our" as appropriate.

The term "User Information" means information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number, email address, and any other data that would allow someone to contact you. You should take care when posting or publishing any User Information on the Site.

The term "non-personally identifiable information" means electronically collected information about your preferences and use of the Site, but which does not specifically identify you. Information in a form that is aggregated with other information, anonymized, or otherwise processed so as not to be reasonably identifiable with you, and information in a form that otherwise is detached, combined, organized, segmented, modified or processed so as not to be reasonably capable of being associated with you, will not be considered User Information, and will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy as to use, sharing, or otherwise.

**1\. What Information Do We Collect?**

Information collected from you will vary, depending on how you access, visit, use or otherwise take advantage of the Site and what information you may choose to provide to us (whether through email or otherwise). It may be possible to browse various sections of the Site without submitting any User Information.

You can choose not to provide us with User Information, but then you may not be able to fully take advantage of certain features of our Site and we may not be able to provide you with certain information, products and/or services you request from us.

a. _Account Information._ If you create an account to take advantage of the full range of features and services on our Site, or if you use or purchase products or services through the Site, we require you to disclose, and we collect, your User Information, including, by way of example but without limitation, your name; email address; address; city, state, and zip code; telephone number; facsimile number; credit card type; credit card number; credit card expiration date; name on credit card; 3-digit or 4-digit credit card security code; first and last name as appearing on check; bank routing number; checking account number; driver’s license number and issuing state; date of birth; company name; business telephone number; and MLS ID number (for certain Professionals).

b. _Submissions._ We collect and store submissions you make through the Site. The term "submissions" refers to the information that you submit or post to the Site for public display, including your User Information that you choose to display as part of your account profile.

c. _Feedback._ If you contact us to provide feedback, give us a compliment, register a complaint, or ask a question, we collect User Information and other content you may provide in your communication. 

d. _Activity._ Like many websites or media on or using the Internet, we collect information relating to your activity on the Site, such as the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, clickthroughs, navigational information, clickstream data, timestamp information and other information ("Web Data").

e. _Cookies and Beacons._ We incorporate cookies and web beacons in the Site in order to uniquely identify your browser. The terms "cookies" and "web beacons" refer to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing the Site. Cookies are small files that we or others send to and store on or with your computer so that your computer, browser, mobile app or other application can be recognized as unique the next time you access, visit, use or otherwise take advantage of the Site or other media. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following the directions in your browser’s help file. Cookies may also reflect demographic data pertaining to you or to other data linked to information you submit. One use or consequence of cookies is to enable you to receive customized ads, alerts, content, services or information. You are always free to decline any cookies we use by adjusting the settings of your browser, as your browser may permit; however, some products, services or features might not be available or operate properly if cookies are not enabled. Some of our advertisers and third-party service providers may also utilize their own cookies. You may be able to opt-out of third-party cookies, or learn more, by going to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. The data we automatically gather about you also includes “pixels” and may also include information gathered in connection with your use of third-party websites and media (for example, through the use of “web beacons” or “pixels”).

**2\. How Is Information About You Used Or Shared?**

The use of information we may gather about you depends on the context in which it is collected. Please note there are different categories below for use and sharing of information, depending upon the features of the Site you wish to utilize.

a. _User Information._ We collect User Information so that we or third parties may respond to you, correspond with you, and provide you with the products and services you request through the Site. We may send you updates such as website news, special offers from us, messages from other users, and special offers from merchants and service providers. Your User Information may also be shared among our family of websites, as identified above; to help us offer content, advertisements, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to you; and to make your use of the Site more convenient by, for example, limiting the number of times you are required to register with us. Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system, and together with your password, is designed to help us prevent unauthorized access to User Information you choose to store on the Site. In addition, if you have provided your email address, we might use your email address to deliver, or facilitate delivery of, relevant advertisements and information to you on or by way of the Site or on or by way of other websites or media, including, for example, popular social media sites and features.

We may also use User Information to investigate, enforce, and apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We may disclose User Information to third parties in accordance with your instructions in order to facilitate the provision of products and/or services you request through the Site, to conduct quality assurance testing, to facilitate the creation of accounts, and to fulfill requests by you for technical and/or customer support. Except as set forth in (a) through (d) below, we do not permit third parties to use User Information other than to provide the products or services requested by you. When sharing User Information in such a manner, we may also share your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, identification number or location. We may also disclose User Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) investigate, enforce, or apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena, or other similar governmental request that we receive.

b. _Non-Personally Identifiable Information._ We collect non-personally identifiable information to operate, develop, and improve the Site, its functionality, and our products and services. You cannot be specifically identified by non-personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information may be collected in aggregate form to allow us to do a number of things, including to determine the total number of users of the Site; to prepare utilization reports; to diagnose and correct compatibility problems or other problems with the Site; and to perform statistical analyses to enable us to build higher quality, more useful online services. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to third parties. We also use non-personally identifiable information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site. Non-personally identifiable information also helps us to improve functionality and relevance of the Site, and to learn things like user preferences, popular search categories, click-through rates, and what kinds of offers users like to see. Information that is automatically gathered, electronically or otherwise, including through the use of cookies and other technology, may be shared among our family of websites identified above.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your User Information) about your visits to the Site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to learn how you can opt out, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Information may also be shared with other third parties, including listing providers, advertisers, service providers and others, so that we may better understand how the Site is used, to enhance the overall experience on the Site and otherwise in connection with our operation of the Site and conducting related business, but when so shared with third parties, any User Information will be included for such purpose(s) only if first put in aggregated form or the third party will be contractually or otherwise restricted as to the use of User Information (for example, restricted to use of the information only in connection with the purpose for which you shared it with Homefacts). We may also share Web Data with third parties who may serve relevant or specialized advertising and/or recommendations to you while browsing the Site or while browsing third party websites.

We use third-party analytics service providers, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate and provide us with information regarding the use of the Site. Such service providers use cookies, web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts and other technologies to automatically collect information about use of the Site, to report use trends, and to compile metrics regarding the Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you. Should you wish to learn more about Google’s specific practices, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners. You can out out of Google Analytics by downloading Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

c. _Professionals._ This paragraph applies only to Professionals, but does not apply to a Professional to the extent modified in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized officer of Homefacts, into which we may enter in our sole discretion and without notice to others. Professionals may receive information from, or originating from, you if you submit a request on the Site for the Professional’s products or services or related information, and the information might include, without limitation, your User Information. Because protecting personal privacy is important, we require that Professionals treat User Information as if it was still on the Site and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Professionals may use User Information sent to the Professionals via our Site only for the purposes of providing to you the products and/or services about which you inquired, or for such purpose(s), if any, specified by us in connection with such information being made available to you. We require that Professionals not make any other use of User Information and that Professionals otherwise not share or transmit User Information with or to any third party without your consent.

d. _Asset transfers._ We continue to develop our business and in doing so might choose to buy, sell, expand, restructure, or transfer businesses or assets. User Information and other information we collect from you is generally one of the assets acquired, sold, transferred, otherwise shared, or affected in connection with such transactions.

**3\. How Do You Protect My User Information?**

Whenever User Information is stored on our computers (which may be for an indefinite period, or a more limited time based on obsolescence or other factors), we take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard it from unauthorized access and disclosure. Only authorized employees are permitted to access User Information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to User Information.

We use industry-standard measures to protect the User Information we store. If you establish an account with us, your account is password protected. We limit access to User Information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function, such as our customer service personnel. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against the unauthorized disclosure of information, we cannot assure you that User Information will never be disclosed. Since certain User Information (i.e., your credit card numbers and/or bank account number) is especially sensitive, we take special care to keep it secure. We will only electronically transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections using precautions such as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption (an accepted standard for online security), security keys, and password authentication from any third parties receiving this information. To the extent that we may ask for and will store User Information such as your credit card number or financial information, this information will be stored using precautions such as secure designated servers, where access is limited to individuals in departments charged with using such information only in connection with processing your orders and/or payment for products and services purchased; provided, however, that if those orders and/or payments processed by our business partners, marketing allies, service providers, and Professionals that provide or participate in providing the service or product requested or participate in the payment process, such entities may store such information on their servers and their storage is governed by their privacy policy and security procedures, over which we have no control. Please be aware that each company we do business with (including, without limitation, Professionals) has its own policies regarding its use, sharing, storage, and protection of information about you, and that such policies may differ from those outlined in this Privacy Policy.

We want you to feel comfortable and secure while using our Site. We hope you’ll use common sense whenever you send User Information over the Internet. Just as importantly, we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that the User Information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy.

Finally, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet, nor any storage of information on servers or other media, can be guaranteed or made to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect User Information, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, we cannot promise, guarantee or warrant the complete security of information. You hereby acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner. If you have any questions about our security measures, please send an email to privacy@homefacts.com.

**4\. How Can I Limit The Sharing Of My User Information?**

We may provide areas on our Site where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use. In addition, please note that such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Whenever you voluntarily disclose User Information on a publicly-viewable web page, that information will be publicly available and can be collected, used, and stored, by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information, including User Information, that you voluntarily post online, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to User Information and other information that personally identifies you. Please do not include any information in your postings or submissions that you expect to keep private.

You should always take care with how you handle and disclose User Information. For example, you should avoid sending User Information through insecure email.

Our Site may contain a “comment” section where users can submit and publish comments, questions, and answers. Do not offer any information that personally identifies you in any content you submit online, including in any comment, question, or answer, unless you want that information displayed publicly. While your email address will not be published, the actual content of any comment, question, or answer you submit are considered public property. We do not actively monitor these sections of the Site, and assume no liability for any content therein, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. If we are alerted to something we deem inappropriate in any way, we may delete it at our discretion. We may use login validation for the “comment” section in order to reduce "comment spam." We will remove "comment spam" from the comment section at our discretion.

You may send inquiries to other users, merchants, service providers, and Professionals via clickable links and submission forms on our Site listings. If you choose to send any such inquiry, any User Information you disclose, including your e-mail address and any other information you supply, will be stored by us, and will also be sent to and made visible to the user, merchant, service provider, or Professional in question so that they might reply directly to you. If you communicate with the user, merchant, service provider, or Professional by phone, your telephone conversation may be recorded. Do not share User Information in any e-mail, post, inquiry, or phone call if you do not want to be contacted. We may, from time to time, use third party e-mail servers to send and track receipt of your inquiry e-mails, and to analyze the pattern of inquiry usage reported by these third-party tracking systems.

**5\. How Can I Access or Change My User Information?**

You may view or edit your User Information, as follows.

  * For Consumers: Follow the instructions found in the “My Profile” or “Edit Your Profile” area of the Site where you registered or submitted your User Information. It’s important to note that the User Information you provide to us helps us provide you with products and services that you have requested, and we may share your User Information with nonaffiliated third parties as necessary for us to provide the products and services you have requested or as otherwise specified herein. If, however, you would like us to no longer use or share your User Information, please send an email to privacy@homefacts.com. Any change you request regarding your User Information may adversely affect or otherwise change the availability, deliverability, or quality for you of information on the Site, or features, products or services in which you are interested, or your experience on or relating to the Site.
  * For Professionals: The following paragraph applies only to Professionals, but does not apply to a Professional to the extent modified in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized officer of Homefacts, which agreements may be entered into in Homefacts’s sole discretion and without notice to others. Others may not infer any commitments or assurances from this paragraph. Professionals may edit their User Information by returning to the area of the Site where the Professional registered and editing the information there, or by emailing us at privacy@homefacts.com. By contacting us to make such changes, you expressly authorize us to access your User Information and any associated data or accounts for the purposes of editing or modifying your User Information as you request. Any change you request regarding your User Information may adversely affect or otherwise change the availability, deliverability, or quality for you of information on the Site, or features, products or services in which you are interested, or your experience on or relating to the Site.



**6\. Third Party Websites**

The Site may contain links and/or hyperlinks to third party websites with which we have no affiliation. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your User Information with said third parties, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. Again, please be aware that each company we do business with (including, without limitation, Professionals) has its own policies regarding its use, sharing, storage, and protection of information about you, and that such policies may differ from those outlined in this Privacy Policy. We suggest you read the privacy policy and practices of all third party websites you visit before providing any User Information.

**7\. Embedded Maps**

Some of the Site’s features implement Google Maps’ or Bing Maps’ web mapping data. Your use of Google Maps is subject to Google’s terms of use. Please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us for more information. Your use of Bing Maps is subject to Microsoft’s privacy policy. Please visit https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us for more information.

**8\. Information of Others**

You may choose to provide us with another person's e-mail address for the purpose of inviting them to create an account on the Site. If you do so, you represent to us that you have obtained, in advance, the consent of that other person to disclose his or her e-mail address to us. We will use the information you provide about the other person to contact him or her, and if necessary remind him or her, about the invitation.

**9\. Opting Out of E-mails From Us**

Users who receive e-mails from us may opt-out of receiving further e-mails by following the instructions contained in our e-mails. Notwithstanding your indicated e-mail preferences, we may e-mail you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.

**10\. Children's Privacy**

All users of the Site must be at least 18 years of age, and by using the Site, you represent to us that you are at least 18 years of age. We never collect or maintain information from any person we actually know is under 13 years of age. No part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, you should not register, create any account, or provide information on our Site. If you have knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information to us, please send an email to: privacy@homefacts.com

**11\. Site for Use By U.S. Residents Only**

The Site is intended for use only by residents of the United States. This Privacy Policy applies only to collection, use, storage and processing of information submitted on our Site from residents of the United States. By using the Site, you represent to us that you are a resident of the United States.

If you are a U.S. resident accessing the Site from outside the United States, you understand and agree that by accessing and visiting the Site, your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated; you understand and agree that our data protection measures might not be as comprehensive or protective as those in required by the laws in the country from which you are accessing our Site; and you understand and agree that by using our Site, your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

**12\. Special Notification for California Residents**

Users of the Site who reside in California and have provided their User Information may request information regarding certain disclosures of this information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Such requests may be submitted to us once per calendar year, and, if you desire such information, your request must be submitted to us by mail to the following mailing address: CA Privacy Request, One Venture Plaza, Suite 300, Irvine, California 92618. Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the request, and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than as expressly set forth in this paragraph.

**13\. No Rights of Third Parties**

This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure to third parties of any User Information relating to users of the Site.

**14\. Effective Date and Modifications to this Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 11, 2018.

This Privacy Policy may be modified by us at any time. When changes are made, we will notify you by making the revised version available on the Site and will indicate the date that revisions were last made. We may also notify you by e-mail. You should revisit this Privacy Policy on a regular basis as revised versions will be binding on you. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon our posting of the new Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any posted modification to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any provision of this Privacy Policy, or any modification of it, please do not use the Site.

**15\. How to Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@homefacts.com.
