> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the homepolish.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181004002333id_/https%3A//www.homepolish.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Homepolish

Thank you for accessing the website(s) (“Site”), products, services and applications (“Services”) of Homepolish, Inc. (“Homepolish” , “we”, “our” or “us”). We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.  
**By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.**

Remember that your use of Company’s Services is at all times subject to the [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms), which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have the definitions set forth in the Homepolish Terms and Conditions.

Your privacy is very important to us. Our Privacy Policy spells out Homepolish’s commitment to respecting the privacy of the members and users of the Services. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. It also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, it explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.

### THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES ONLY TO OUR SERVICES

In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.

### UPDATES TO THIS POLICY

If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will alert you by posting changes and updates on the Services, sending you an email and/or by some other means so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.

### INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

  1. **Information Collection.**  
We collect information from you in several different ways on the Services. Personal information may include your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information and phone number. We may also collect certain demographic information such as your genre preferences, age, gender, geographical location, language, time zone, income and education (some of the information we ask for may be optional). One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. For example, we can use your personal information to: 
    * help make the Services easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
    * help you quickly find information, products, and services.
    * help us create content on the Services that is most relevant to you.
    * alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.
  2. **Registration and Ordering.**  
Before using certain parts of the Services or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our Services, and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your order, we use the personal information to contact you. 
  3. **Email Addresses.**  
Several locations of the Services permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to register for promotions; to request us to notify you when regarding particular offers or products, or to sign up for our e-mail newsletter and special offers, including contests, which we may run from time to time. Your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. We may post on our Services the names and cities of contest winners. 
  4. **Cookies and Other Technology.**  
Like many sites, whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Services – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services interesting to as many users as possible. 
    * THIS WEBSITE’S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER’S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER’S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not “spyware.”
    * Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.
    * Our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your browser or device, when you click on ads that appear on the Services. Also, if you click on a link to a third party website or service, a third party may also transmit cookies to you. Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Services, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.
    * We may deliver a file to you through the Services (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network. Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Services has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the Services, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. You may be able to opt-out of web beacon tracking conducted by third parties through our Services by adjusting the Do Not Track settings on your browser; please note that we don’t control whether or how these third parties comply with Do Not Track requests.
    * We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are. Or, we might allow Advertisers to display their ads to users with similar usage patterns to yours, but we will not disclose usage information to Advertisers except in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Note that if an advertiser asks us to show an ad to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the advertiser may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they were trying to reach. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties and we are not responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
    * As an example, Facebook® collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased. Please note that any information collected by Facebook® via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any client’s personal information collected by us.
    * Retargeting/advertising cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you.
  5. **Online Behavioral Advertising.**  
Some of our advertising (“Behavioral Advertising”) involves using Tracking Tools to collect information about a user’s online activities over time and across non-affiliated websites and applications and providing ads to the user based the user’s interests (as inferred from the user’s online activity) or use of our Service. Behavioral Advertising may appear on our Service or on other websites or services. We work with third parties to provide Behavioral Advertising, such as advertising networks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers, and other third-party service providers collectively (“Advertising Service Providers”). Advertising Service Providers perform services such as facilitating targeting of advertisements and measuring and analyzing advertising effectiveness on the Service (collectively, all such services, “Targeting Services”). Targeting Services help us display Behavioral Advertising, prevent you from seeing repeated ads, and enable us to research the usefulness of ads. 
    * We adhere to self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising issued by the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). More information about the OBA Principles can be found at <https://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/principles>
    * You have the option to opt out of Behavioral Advertising. For more information, see the section below titled “Opting Out of Behavioral Advertising and Tracking Tools.”
  6. **Log Files.**  
As is true of most websites, the Services automatically recognize the Internet URL from which you access the Services. We may also log your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.) 
  7. **Age.**  
We respect children’s privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally solicit or collect personal information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on the Services, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Services with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at [info@homepolish.com](mailto:info@homepolish.com)
  8. **Information Use and Disclosure.**
    * **Internal Use.**  
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with Services. We may internally use your personal information to improve our Service’s content and layout, to improve our outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about users of the Services. 
    * **Communications with You.**  
We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our Services and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance). Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for promotions; request we notify you regarding particular offers or products, or sign up for our email newsletter and special offers. If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver this information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt-out section for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders or your membership. 
    * **External Use.**  
We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection—we primarily sell merchandise and services, not information. We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone, except that: 
      * We routinely share the names, e-mail addresses and other relevant information of users our vendors in connection with the services. 
      * As do most Internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as the U.S. Postal Service, United Parcel Service, and Federal Express) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personal information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number. 
      * Similarly, to help you buy products and provide Services to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial services corporations such as credit card processors and issuers. All credit card information, including credit card number, type, expiration date and other financial information, is used and stored by our third party payment processing companies, for example, Stripe and Xero. Use and storage of that information by Stripe is governed by Stripe’s applicable terms of service and privacy policy, available at <https://stripe.com/us/legal>. Use and storage of that information by Xero is governed by Xero’s applicable terms of service and privacy policy, available at [https://www.xero.com/us/about/legal/](https://www.xero.com/us/about/legal)
      * We may be required to disclose such information in response to requests from law-enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms and Conditions or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our Services for illegal reasons or to commit fraud. 
      * We will not sell (or trade or rent) personal information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it’s possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect. 
      * We may de-identify your personal information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would identify you as an individual person. 



### DATA SECURITY

Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other personal information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline.

### OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS

On your request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending certain non-membership or order-related emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests by emailing your request to our Client Services department at [info@homepolish.com](mailto:info@homepolish.com). Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.

### OPTING OUT OF BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING AND TRACKING TOOLS

You can opt-out of certain Behavioral Advertising activities by doing one or more of the following. Please note that you will need to opt-out of each browser and device for which you desire to apply these opt-out features.

  * **Service Provider Opt Out.**  
You can opt-out directly from some Advertising Service Providers and providers of Tracking Tools by using their opt-out tools. Some of these service providers, and links to their opt-out tools, are: 
    * **Google Analytics:**  
with a privacy policy at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners> and opt out at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. 
  * **Industry Opt Out Tools.**  
Some Advertising Service Providers or providers of Tracking Tools may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI) Opt-Out Tool (<http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices>) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Consumer Choice Page (<http://www.aboutads.info/choices>), and you can opt-out of certain services and learn more about your choices by visiting the links included here. Users in the EU can visit [http://www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/) for more information about your choices and to opt out of participating service providers. 
  * **Web Browser Controls.**  
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Tools, such as cookies, on a device-by-device basis using the controls in your web browser. These controls can be found in the Tools > Internet Options (or similar) menu for your browser, or as otherwise directed by your browser’s support feature. Through your web browser, you may be able to: 
    * Delete existing Tracking Tools 
    * Disable future Tracking Tools 
    * Set your browser to provide you with a warning each time a cookie or certain other Tracking Tools are being set 
  * **Mobile Opt Out.**  
Your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for Behavioral Advertising. You may also opt-out of certain Tracking Tools on mobile devices by installing the DAA’s AppChoice app on your mobile device (for iTunes, visit <https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/appchoices/id894822870?mt=8>, for Android, visit [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.DAA.appchoices&hl=en](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.DAA.appchoices&hl=en)). For more information, please visit <http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228>, <https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en> or <http://www.applicationprivacy.org/expressing-your-behavioral-advertising-choices-on-a-mobile-device>, as applicable. 
  * **Do Not Track.**  
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services. 



Please note the following with respect to opting out of Behavioral Advertising:

  * Some opt-out features are cookie-based, meaning that when you use these opt-out features, an “opt-out” cookie will be placed on your computer or other device indicating that you do not want to receive Behavioral Advertising from certain companies. If you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or use a different device, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. 
  * Opting-out of Behavioral Advertising does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads. It only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests. You may continue to see ads on and about the Service. 



### OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

As you might expect, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through our Services, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. We also collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information. One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question. When we need to store information (such as order information) we will enter it into our database. There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline and this Privacy Policy doesn’t discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. We primarily sell merchandise and services, not information, and we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices.

### WHAT IF YOU’RE NOT A Homepolish MEMBER, BUT YOU’VE HEARD FROM Homepolish?

If you’re not a member but you’ve been contacted by Homepolish, we may have received your information in a few different ways. First, another member may have referred you. Members may give us your name and email address in order for them to customize an invitation for you to join. You also may receive similarly customized email reminders from your friend about this invitation. If you apply for membership, your information will be used in accordance with the rest of this privacy policy. If you choose not to apply online, your email address may be retained for a period. Similarly, a member may have shipped a gift or other merchandise to you through us and provided your personal information for that purpose.

You may have received an offer from us. If you were a prior member, we may have invited you back. We may also have received your information from one of our partners or from the mailing, opt-in emailing, or phone lists of a reputable company. Unless we are using an opt-in only list in our marketing efforts, Homepolish will screen our lists with the Direct Marketing Association preference lists before we send such offers.

### YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS

Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at [info@homepolish.com](mailto:info@homepolish.com).

California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: ATTN: Marketing Team, 27 West 24th Street, Suite 200 New York, NY 10010

### CONTACT US

If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact Client Services at [info@homepolish.com](mailto:info@homepolish.com).
