> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cn.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190316180709id_/https%3A//www.cn.ca/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | cn.ca

The Canadian National Railway Company, CN, is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important you know how we treat the information about you we receive on the Internet.

In general, you can visit CN on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. CN uses this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.

There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address. When information is needed, we will try to let you know at the time of collection, how we will use the personal information. Usually, the personal information we collect is used only by us to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access specific account information. Occasionally, we may make the e-mail addresses, of those who provide information, available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you may find interesting. In these cases, you will be offered an opportunity to limit access to your information.

If you register with CN, we may use this information to provide you with custom information about CN's offering in support of your business needs. When you register, you may choose not to receive information. However, you can also unsubscribe from this service at any time by logging in and updating your client profile. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. Most browsers allow the user to change their settings concerning cookies. Usually, you will find how to choose your settings in the Help section of the toolbar at the top of your web browser. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. You can also disable or decline cookies. However, if you choose to set this option, you may not be able to use effectively the site of to get all the advantages from it. Cookies are useful and will improve your online experience. For this reason, we recommend that you allow your browser to receive cookies.

At times we conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect information from you on the Internet. You should read the privacy policy of each website to find what kind of information they collect and for which purpose they will use this information.

CN's Website may contain links to other sites such as CN distributors and sales affiliates. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. You should read the privacy policy of each website to find what kind of information they collect and for which purpose they will use this information.

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, don't hesitate to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/en/contact-us/).
