> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kitchendreaming.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190509175638id_/https%3A//kitchendreaming.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure, Copyright & Privacy Policy

## **Disclosure Policy**

Kitchen Dreaming is a personal blog written and edited by Ronda Eagle. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.   The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

Please note that Kitchen Dreaming has financial relationships with some of the merchants mentioned here. Kitchen Dreaming may be compensated if consumers choose to utilize the links located throughout the content on this site and generate sales for the said merchant.

From time to time, the owner of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites, and various other topics. Even though the owner of this blog may receive compensation for certain posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

We are a participant in the _Amazon Services LLC Associates Program_ , an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

## **COPYRIGHT**

All content, including recipes, photographs, and posts published on KitchenDreaming.com is the property of KitchenDreaming, LLC (Ronda Eagle).  If you would like to share a recipe and/or photo on your website, please only include one photo.  You _may_ include a description **without** the ingredient lists and/or instructions.  Please LINK BACK to the original recipe, giving Kitchen Dreaming full credit for authorship of the recipe.

Publishing full recipes from Kitchen Dreaming and/or full ingredients lists and detailed instructions is strictly prohibited.

## **PRIVACY**

Kitchen Dreaming believes strongly in keeping your personal information confidential. Therefore, Kitchen Dreaming safeguards your personal information and never sells it to third parties. The following policy describes what information we collect and how it is used and shared.

Kitchen Dreaming may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is valid from August 20, 2012, to present.

### **LOG FILES**

As with most other Web sites, we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being frequented.  A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive.  The data collected helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.  We  _only_  use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system after 26 months.

_Personal information is **not** stored in these log files. _ The information in the log files includes your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Chrome, Mozilla, or Safari, etc), the time you visited our site, and which page(s) you visited.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a _better website_ , by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in  _no_  way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

Click here to learn more [about cookies](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).

### **ADVERTISING**

We use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the website, including Mediavine.  These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies.  These technologies help analyze web traffic and allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.   It also determines whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you to duplicate advertisements.

In using cookies, these vendors may collect _non-personal_ data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data.  The use of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Kitchen Dreaming disclaims all liability in connection therewith.  We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

### **COMMENTS**

Kitchen Dreaming collects as little information as possible from users looking to post comments.  We will typically collect a name (either real or alias), personal website if any (optional), and e-mail address.  However, none of your information is ever shared with third parties. Your name and website may be displayed on the site if you post a comment or a message in the forum.  However, your e-mail address and privacy will always be kept secure.

## **SECURE DATA**

Kitchen Dreaming is committed to ensuring that your information is secure and never sells it to third parties. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  Should there be a data breach, we will advise users within 72 hours of that breach.

## **Sensitive Personal Information  
**

At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to www.KitchenDreaming.com.  This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

## **Children’s Information  
**

Kitchen Dreaming does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the www.KitchenDreaming.com has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at Ronda (at) KitchenDreaming (dot) com and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

## **Links Leading to Other Websites  
**

Our website may contain links to other blogs and websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.

We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.

You should exercise caution and read each website’s privacy policy applicable to the website in question.

## **Controlling Your Personal Information  
**

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

If you have signed up to receive our newsletter and email updates, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe option at the bottom of each email. You may also notify us at Ronda (at) KitchenDreaming (dot) com to be removed from our mailing list.

If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact me at Ronda (at) KitchenDreaming (dot) com.

## **Giveaways and Competitions Policy  
**

We use Rafflecopter to administer our giveaways and competitions. This policy applies to all competitions and giveaways offered on Kitchen Dreaming.com:

By entering a giveaway, you are granting www.KitchenDreaming.com the right to store your email address in a third-party email marketing system. Kitchen Dreaming may email you periodically throughout the contest timeframe about the Giveaway or competition.

Kitchen Dreaming will not share your details with anyone other than any other named Sponsors of this giveaway and the brands supporting it where applicable. This is usually done only for prize distribution.

Please review Rafflecopter’s [privacy policy](https://www.rafflecopter.com/privacy-policy) in its entirety.
