> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kitchens.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625122110id_/http%3A//www.kitchens.com/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Content - Kitchens.com

Welcome to the Kitchens.com web site located at www.kitchens.com (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented by Kitchens.com governing our use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site, including information gathered directly from our visitors in the course of their use of Kitchens.com's products and services. In addition, this Privacy Policy also covers how we use any other personally identifiable information provided to us in relation to our promotion or marketing of our products and services.

**Privacy Policy Updates . ** Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Kitchens.com may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Kitchens.com will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at www.kitchens.com so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Kitchens.com encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use. ** You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site, we may invite you to register for an account, register to receive periodic newsletters, as well as offers and coupons, participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, apply for a job, participate in message boards available from our Site, Web logs ("Blogs") and/or other types of forums, contact us with questions or comments or request information, and provide us with feedback. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, address, age or date of birth, gender, employment, income level, other contact information, company name, username and password, and credit card information. Additionally, we may collect personally identifiable information about you that you provide to us when you contact us in person or via phone or that you voluntarily post in message boards, Blogs and/or forums and other users will be able to see any information that you post to such message boards, Blogs and forums. We may use your personally identifiable information to deliver and provide certain services, products or information you have purchased or requested, provide you with notices regarding services, products or information that you have subscribed for or purchased or that you may want to subscribe for or purchase in the future, verify your authority to enter our Site, to provide you with advertising and content on our Site and by e-mail that may be of interest to you, and to improve the content and general administration of the Site and our services.

**International Users **. As we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with this Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using this Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States and other countries which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Children's Privacy . ** This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Kitchens.com does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. Kitchens.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

**Cookies in General; Google/DoubleClick Advertising Cookie. ** We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. We have engaged Google to assist us with advertising and marketing efforts. Google, as a third-party vendor to Kitchens.com, uses cookies to serve ads when you visit the Site. Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visits to the Site and other websites on the Internet. If you would like more information about this practice please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx). You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**Aggregate Information . ** The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, IP addresses, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, improve and administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may also use aggregate information about the use of our products and services to improve the capabilities of our products and services. This information will only be disclosed in aggregate form.

**Disclosure . ** We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority, or if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) enforce our Terms of Use, (ii) respond to claims that any of user postings to the Site violate the rights of a third party, or (iii) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Kitchens.com, its affiliates, suppliers, users or the public. We may provide your personally identifiable information that we collect and the data generated by cookies to our parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities within our corporate family, to third party partner entities and to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an organization in order to complete a service or to assist us with marketing. Additionally, if you request certain information from this Site, we may provide your personally identifiable information to a third party entity to fulfill your request. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Kitchens.com participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Kitchens.com's assets to which this Site relates.

**Links to Third Party Sites . ** The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which Kitchens.com does not have control, including, without limitation, message boards and/or links to Web sites or pages that are framed within our Site ("External Web Sites"). Even if such materials are framed within our Site and appear to be a part of our Site, such materials do not constitute an endorsement by Kitchens.com of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Kitchens.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Kitchens.com is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such External Web Sites or the acts or omissions of their operators. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

**Security . ** We may employ procedural and technological measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Kitchens.com may use password protection and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

**Questions **. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please email us at [info@kitchens.com](mailto:info@kitchens.com) and include the following statement in the subject line: "Kitchens.com Privacy Policy Question" .

This Privacy Policy was last updated: October 27, 2009

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: October 27, 2009
