> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kitguru.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230063807id_/http%3A//www.kitguru.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | KitGuru

  1. The Kit Guru Website (www.kitguru.net) is maintained by Kit Guru. Protecting your privacy is important to Kit Guru, and this statement is intended to make you aware of our commitments to you as an important visitor to our website. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically. 
  2. **Scope of the Privacy Policy**. This Privacy Policy applies only to the collection and use of information collected online on the Kit Guru Website. Other websites that may be affiliated with Kit Guru may have different privacy policies. 
  3. **Information.** We may collect your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) when you visit the Kit Guru Website. Personal Information, however, is not collected on this website unless you choose to provide it to us. When making inquiries, ordering a product or requesting service information, participating in certain promotional activities, completing surveys, and generally corresponding with us, we may ask for certain Personal Information, including, for example, your name, mailing address, phone number and email address. If you are on a part of our website that requires you to provide your Personal Information, it will be clear what Personal Information we are requesting. We may also collect other information that is provided to us by your web browser. This may include the browser you used to come to our website, the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website that you just visited before visiting our website, which pages on our website you visit, any search terms you entered, which URL you go to next, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. 
  4. **Use of your information**. Information is collected and used in various ways that will help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website, including those below. 
    1. **Browsing**. Information collected while browsing through our website. This information is collected to help run our site more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on our site, and to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and promotion. 
    2. **Product Inquiries, Placing Orders, Customer Service & Technical Support.** Information collected when you contact Kit Guru about our product and service offerings. This information is necessary to identify your products or systems, understand the configuration of the products, diagnose your questions, and provide solutions. 
    3. **Online surveys and polling.** Information collected you volunteer to complete surveys or participate in polls. Surveying and polling is extremely important to us as we use this information to improve our product and service offerings. 
    4. **Promotional activities**. When you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for information such as your name, address and e-mail address to administer the program or activity, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners and make the winners’ list publicly available in compliance with laws which may apply to such activities. 
    5. **Newsletters and promotional e-mails**. As a service to our customers, we may e-mail you newsletters, promotional information and other information, using your Personal Information collected online. These e-mails will only be sent to you if you have agreed to receive them or if you have had some contact (email) with us. 
    6. **Contact information:** If you contact us, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments, including any information therein. We use this information to help us provide better service. 
    7. **Sharing your Personal Information.** Unless we have your permission to do otherwise, we will share the Personal Information you provide online only with Kit Guru subsidiaries or with entities that provide services to Kit Guru or are business partners of Kit Guru, and only for legitimate purposes including those described herein. Personal Information we collect online is used for responding to inquiries, processing orders, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical purposes, for improving our site and its performance, for developing better products and services, to serve advertisements, contests, surveys and promotions, and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. Kit Guru (or part of it) or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or their respective assets could be acquired. Should such a combination or acquisition occur, you should expect that Kit Guru would share some or all of your Personal Information to continue serving you and other users of our website. Occasionally, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide your Personal Information to the appropriate authorities. We will disclose your Personal Information if required by law, upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement authorities any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. 
    8. **Use of cookies and web beacons.** ****
      1. **Cookies**. A “cookie” is a small data file that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. We use cookies to better serve you when you return to our site. Some of our web pages may send cookies when you visit our site, make purchases, respond to online surveys or promotions, participate in a contest, or request information. Accepting the cookies used on our site enables our web server to identify your system by reading the cookie that has been stored on your system, but our web server cannot identify you unless you enter your Personal Information. Cookies that are placed when visiting our site cannot be used to obtain your Personal Information at another site. The information collected online permits us to analyze traffic patterns on our site. This can enable us over time to provide users with a better experience on our site by improving the content and making it easier to use. Depending on the browser used, you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it, and you can also set your browser to turn off cookies. However, if you do so, some areas of this site may not function properly, or you will be required to re-enter your Personal Information to use an area of this site. 
      2. **Web Beacons.** We may also use web beacon technologies to better tailor the site to provide better customer service. A web beacon is a single pixel .GIF that allows a website to count users who have visited that page or access certain cookies. These web beacons may be placed on specific pages across this website. When a visitor accesses these pages, an anonymous notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our vendors. These web beacons work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want to associate your anonymous cookie information with your visits to these pages, depending on the browser used, you can set your browser to turn off cookies. 
  5. **Children’s privacy.** If you are under the age of 18, please make sure that you provide your Personal Information only after obtaining your parental consent. 
  6. **Protecting your Personal Information.** While Kit Guru does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur, Kit Guru does take care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information and in preventing unauthorized access to it. 
  7. **External Links** In order to provide visitors with greater value, Kit Guru may provide links to various third party Web sites. However, even if a third-party affiliation exists between Kit Guru and that destination site, Kit Guru exercises no authority over linked sites, each of which maintains independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. Kit Guru assumes no responsibility or liability for these independent methods or actions and is not responsible for the independent policies or procedures of destination sites. Similarly, Kit Guru cannot take responsibility for the privacy initiatives or the content of such Web sites. These destination links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. 
  8. **Changes to this Statement.** Kit Guru reserves the right to change this Online Privacy Statement at any time. Any such changes will be posted in this Privacy Statement. 
  9. **Applicable laws.** Kit Guru will protect your Personal Information in accordance with the United Kingdom laws. 
  10. **IP Addresses.** An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Kit Guru collects IP addresses in order to conduct system administration, and to conduct site analysis. To maintain visitor anonymity, Kit Guru does not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. 
  11. **Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:  
**

* Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.

* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.

* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

  12. **We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.** These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, click here. 
  13. **Contact us.** Please contact the webmaster through the “Contact Us” section if you have any questions or comments about the above. 


