> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eudict.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161201224706id_/http%3A//www.eudict.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EUdict | European dictionary | Privacy policy

##  EUdict :: European dictionary

## Privacy policy

EUdict take your privacy concerns seriously. We do not collect any personal information from users browsing this website. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookie is used only for keeping your preferred language, last searches and for remembering the status of "Disable Autocomplete", "Translate upon paste" and "Select term in search box" options. If you want you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies but then this web site will lose the options set out above. We agree that this information will not be made available to any third party without the explicit consent of users. EUdict uses analytic software to collect data about web browsers and computers but this information contains no personal information about any visitor to our site; that is, no names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, and the like. Although we took all the preventive measures to make this site safe, we are not responsible for any damage or loss related to use of the content found on this website. We cannot be held responsible if some offensive words from the search cloud end up indexed by the search engines. If you have received e-mail message that appears to be sent from eudict.com, please be assured that message is not sent from our server (email services are disabled) and sender have concealed his real email address. In web browsers supporting speech input (Google Chrome, Chromium) recorded word is transferred to Google servers. EUdict reserves the right to change these terms of use and use of the web site at any time and shall not be liable for any possible consequences resulting from those changes. The mentioned changes take effect on publication on this web site. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser and use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Would you like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies?Click [here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html) or [here](http://exponential.com/our-company/privacy/). 

[EUdict Homepage](https://web.archive.org/web/20161201224706id_/http%3A//www.eudict.com/index.php)
