> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190711025635id_/https%3A//www.jos.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | JOS

We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy informs you of our privacy practices within our company.

**1\. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU**

JOS collects your information to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our services. The specific kinds of information collected will depend on the context of your interaction with JOS, and the services you use. The following are examples of the information that may be collected:

  * Contact information (such as your name, phone number, company name, industry, postal address, email address);
  * Copies of your correspondence if you contact us;
  * Your interests and preferences;
  * Information related to your use and interaction with our website.



We collect this information in a variety of ways, including:

  * **Information you give to us  **



We receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.

  * **Automatic Information**



When you use or interact with our website and/or use any apps that we may make available on our website, we receive and store information generated by your activity and information automatically collected from your browser or mobile device. For example, like many websites, we obtain certain information when your web browser accesses our website including your IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile network data, pages viewed and access times. This information helps us to communicate with our customers and better understand them.

  * **Cookies**



Our website may pass a “cookie” (a string of information that is sent by a website to reside in your computer’s hard drive and/or temporarily in your computer’s memory). The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a particular page, to retain log-in information or to remember preferences and enhance your experience on our website. We may allow third parties to set cookies through our website in order to help us manage and analyze the performance of our website. You may set your browser to decline cookies. If you do so, you may not be able to fully experience some interactive features of our website.

  * **Information from Other Sources**



We may receive information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and other third parties. This may include information from your credit card, and other partners.

  * **Age Limitations**



JOS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from our websites from any person under the age of 16. 

**2\. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

JOS collects your information to better manage your relationship with us and serve you on any of the following and for other purposes that shall be agreed between you and us. JOS may collect, use, and disclose the information it collects for a variety of reasons, including for the following purposes:

  * **Marketing and Promotions.** To communicate news and promotions to you relating to JOS related products and services and other products and services we think may be of interest to you, and to operate sweepstakes, contests, or other marketing or promotional activities (you can opt out anytime by updating us as to your preference).
  * **Internal Business Purposes.** For our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the website, improving our services, identifying usage trends and visiting patterns, determining the effectiveness of our promotions, and meeting contractual obligations.
  * **Response to Inquiries.** We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.
  * **Administrative and Other Communications.** To send you important information regarding our website, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, or other administrative information.
  * **Our Legal Duties.** To comply with legal and regulatory requirements or demands in accordance with applicable law, a court order, subpoena, or other legal process.
  * **Additional Uses.** We may also use your data in other ways as described to you when you provide such information to us.



The legal grounds for processing your personal information consists of one or more of the following: (i) your consent, and/or (ii) providing the services you have requested, and/or (iii) compliance with applicable laws, regulations, court orders or other legal process.

**3\. SHARING INFORMATION**  
In order to provide you with the best experience, your personal information may be shared with the following parties insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal grounds, set out in this policy:

  * to third parties not affiliated with JOS when we have your consent to do so;
  * to our trusted business partners to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures;
  * to our marketing and advertisement partners to provide you with more-relevant ads on our site and to encourage you to return to our site;
  * to third parties not affiliated with JOS if we have a good-faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (1) meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (2) enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations; (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; 
  * to any third parties to the extent necessary with respect to a sale of all or part of our business operations or assets; and
  * to any courts, law enforcement bodies or governmental authorities in order to comply with our legal obligations and respond to any claims asserted against us. We will only disclose information to the extent we are legally obligated to.



**4\. INFORMATION TRANSFER**

JOS is an international corporation, and therefore we may need to share your information internally with subsidiary and/or associated companies within our group and externally with third party service providers and developers for the purposes and activities specified in this Privacy Policy. This may involve information being collected within the European Economic Area being transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area, including the United States, although such transfers will always be limited to the purposes and activities specified in this Privacy Policy. Your information may therefore be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence.

We will take reasonable steps, such as entering into data transfer agreements based on the European Commission model clauses, or requiring compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield to ensure that while your personal information is within our control, we will handle your personal information using reasonable security and confidentiality procedures to keep your personal information secure and confidential.

**5\. INFORMATION SECURITY**

We implement reasonable administrative, organisational and technical safeguards and security measures to protect personal information within our control from unauthorized access, acquisition, disclosure, destruction or alteration, accidental loss, misuse or damage. We regularly review and monitor such safeguards and security measures.

However, no security measures can ever be completely secure, therefore we cannot guarantee that these measures will stop any users who try to get around the privacy or security settings on the JOS website through unforeseen and/or illegal means.

In the event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised or could be at risk, we will seek to notify you as promptly as possible. If we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.

**6\. HOW LONG WILL THE INFORMATION BE KEPT**

To the extent permissible by applicable law, we will retain your personal information for such periods as necessary in order to satisfy or to fulfill the following:

  * the purposes for which that personal information was provided,
  * an identifiable and ongoing business need, including record keeping,
  * a specific legal or regulatory requirement, and/or
  * a requirement to retain records that may be relevant to any notified regulatory investigations or active legal proceedings.



Where there is no sufficient justification to retain such personal information, such personal information will be safely and securely deleted, disposed of, anonymised and/or blocked.

**7\. YOUR RIGHTS**

Our Data Protection Officer will be happy to answer any concerns or queries you may have relating to the use or storage of your personal data. Your principal rights hereinunder are:

  * the right to access your personal data; 
  * the right to rectification of your personal data; 
  * the right to erasure of any or all of your personal data; 
  * the right to restrict processing of your personal data; 
  * the right to object to processing of your personal data; 
  * the right to data portability (means, you may ask us to transfer your personal data to a third party); 
  * the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and 
  * the right to withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data. 



You may exercise any of these rights in relation to your personal data by contacting us anytime via email at [corpcomms@jos.com](mailto:corpcomms@jos.com) or by telephone +852 2565 2011. You may also request access to your Personal Information, withdraw your consent to our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, or update or correct your Personal Information through the above contact. 

Note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your information by us before the withdrawal of your consent.

**8\. LINKED WEBSITE**

This Privacy Policy applies only to personal data collected via this website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of other websites accessible via this website. By activating a link (eg, by clicking on the banner of an advertiser), you leave this website and we do not have control over any personal data or any other information you give to any other person or entity after you have left this website.

**Changes to Privacy Policy**

We may update this Privacy Policy occasionally if circumstances change. If we do, we will make sure to notify you about any material changes via an appropriate method – such as by displaying a prominent notice on the JOS website or by sending you an email. New versions of this Privacy Policy will never apply retroactively – we will tell you the date they go into effect.

The effective date of this current privacy policy is set out at the end of this document. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of the current terms as set out in this privacy policy.

Effective Date: May 26, 2018  
Last updated: May 30, 2018
