> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the image.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111230195225id_/http%3A//www.image.net/xads/static/PrivacyPolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IMAGE.NET PRIVACY POLICY

image.net Privacy Policy  
The image.net publicity and marketing services ("image.net") are owned and operated by a subsidiary of Getty Images, Inc. Getty Images and image.net respects your ability to make informed choices about the collection and uses of your personal information. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and use of information that identifies you personally so that you can make an informed choice about using image.net’s publicity and marketing services (the "Services") through the websites www.image.net, www.imagenet.co.uk, www.ximage.net or www.image-net. (the "Websites"). The terms of this policy apply to the Websites and sub-domains, unless different terms are specified in a form or contract provided to you online or offline. Users should also refer to the terms and conditions of service for additional information. Those terms and conditions take precedence over this policy, and apply to all businesses, including sole proprietorships and other small-business enterprises. Websites we may link to, including but not limited to the sites of third-party content partners, may have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites and encourage you to become acquainted with them.  
The Websites are operated by image.net in the United States and abroad. By using any of the Websites, you understand and agree that (1) that the information collected from the Website may be retained indefinitely, and may be stored, accessed and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction (e.g. if you are located in the European Economic Area, image.net may need to transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area as part of the provision of the Services); (2) image.net may use this information for a variety of purposes, including direct marketing. As part of this direct marketing, image.net may use your personal data to send you a newsletter via email. In every newsletter image.net sends, it is our policy to have instructions on how to unsubscribe; (3) image.net may disclose this information to its agents, service providers and selected other entities, such as credit card processors, data base service providers, and similar entities to provide the services they contracted for.. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes; (4) image.net may use your personal data to provide and administrate the Services. In particular, image.net may use your personal data to verify your identity at different times during your use of any of the Services ("Verification"). This may involve making calls to your telephone number and/or sending you email. image.net may pass your personal data to persons ("Owners") who have placed materials on the image.net system in order to carry out Verification. You expressly agree to this use and transfer of personal data and to such calls and emails for the purpose of Verification; (5) image.net may use your personal data to monitor how you use the Services. When you use any Website, image.net will report such use to the relevant Owner. You expressly agree to image.net using and disclosing your personal data to do this. Image.net may also use and publish information on your use of the Services to Owners and/or third parties in an anonymized form; (6) The Websites allow Owners to send email to you. Your email address is not disclosed to Owners to allow this. However, if you reply to an email from an Owner, you may be disclosing some personal data to that Owner. You expressly agree to receive these emails as part of the Services. image.net's rules prohibit Owners using the email facility to market their products and services but image.net is not responsible for any marketing or spam carried out by Owners in this way or the content of any email from any Owner; (7) information about image.net’s customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, sale of the company assets or acquisition, as well as in the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company, with notification of such transfer provided directly to account holders through email or post; (8) image.net reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers or the public; and (9) your personal information may be shared with one or more of our affiliates in connection with any of the foregoing activities.  
Information Collected from The Websites  
When you visit any of the Websites, image.net may collect personal data from you (including your name, email address and telephone number) when you register. In addition, some information, such as the website that referred you to us, your IP and email address and navigational information, may be collected automatically as part of the Website's operation and may be combined with personally identifiable information. Our Websites also use cookies. Please see "Cookies", below. This information is used to generate user profiles and to personalize the Website to your particular interests. In addition to the personal data referred to above, we may ask for your username, job title, subjects you cover (e.g. film, television etc.) or other personally identifying information to register online or to receive Services. We may also ask you for information to participate in surveys or other online activities. Providing information on online forms is always voluntary, and you are free not to complete any online forms. If you choose not to, however, some products and services may not be available to you.  
How We Use Your Information  
Information collected online is stored indefinitely and is used for various purposes, including processing your transactions, customer service, product and service development, direct marketing, facilitating your use of the Websites and customizing the materials you receive to your particular interests. In addition, we may notify you of special promotions, new products or services or other information that may be of interest. About Cookies  
When you visit the Websites, we place a text file called a cookie in the browser directory of your computer's hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve. The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, your registration information, which may be personally identifiable, and your navigational activity. Cookies offer you many conveniences. They allow image.net to recognize information and assist in determining what content is best suited to your needs.   
Most browsers allow you to decline cookies, but if you elect to do so, these pages may not display properly and this may prevent image.net from providing the full range of Services or facilities through the Websites. You are free to delete cookies after your session, and your browser should contain instructions on how to do this.  
Reviewing, Updating or Correcting Your Information  
If you would like to review or revise information you previously provided on an online form, or believe that the information we currently have on record is incorrect, you may update your information by contacting us at [sales@gettyimages.com](mailto:sales@gettyimages.com).   
Children  
We do not intend to solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13 you should not use or enter information on the Websites.   
Questions or Concerns   
If at any time you have questions or concerns about security on any of our Websites, this policy, or image.net’s compliance with the policy, please let us know by sending an email to [sales@gettyimages.com](mailto:sales@gettyimages.com). We will make reasonable efforts to identify and correct any problem.  
Changes to This Privacy Policy  
We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. We encourage you to review this privacy policy whenever you visit our Websites to make sure you understand how we use the information we collect. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.  
Security  
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
