> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the imanage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-09-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070905074339id_/http%3A//www.imanage.com/components/page.jsp%3Ftopic%3DMAIN%3A%3AIWOV%26dcr%3Dtemplatedata/profile/base/data/dcr-1157155419845.xml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Your Privacy - Interwoven - About Us

Interwoven considers your privacy important. This policy explains our policies and practices regarding how we intend to use and disclose your personal information that you provide to us.

You should review this policy periodically to make sure that you are aware of how we collect and use personal information because we will update this policy from time to time without notice. By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by us.

_Personal Information._ You may visit www.interwoven.com without providing us with any personal information. There are instances where we must have your personal information in order for you to access certain services, offers, or our protected and secured sites, such as DevNet. This personally identifiable information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data and response data ("Personal Information"). When you receive your confirmation email or when you receive any email from the list server, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list.

_Use of Personal Information._ We intend to use such information for purposes of supporting your and your employer's relationship with Interwoven by providing website content that is suitable to your needs and by alerting you to new product and service offerings as they become available. Your Personal Information may be retained by Interwoven to verify compliance with the agreement between Interwoven and your employer, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to create a user profile to better serve you and your employer, or to contact you either electronically or otherwise. If you decide that we should not use your Personal Information to contact you, please let us know and we will not use that information for such purposes.

We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children so please do not submit any personal information if you are under 18 year of age.

_Disclosure of Personal Information._ We do not sell, trade, or transfer your Personal Information to third parties. We may, however, share Personal Information with our business partners for marketing, advertising, or product/service offering purposes. We also disclose Personal Information if: (i) we have your consent; (ii) we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; (iii) we need to respond to court orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other governmental requests, or we are required to do by law; (iv) we have a good faith belief that we must protect the personal safety of our employees, users of Interwoven products or services or others; (v) we need to defend or protect the rights of Interwoven; or (vi) you violate our Terms of Use.

_Accuracy and Security._ We are committed to maintaining the accuracy and security of Personal Information. If you contact us to correct your Personal Information, we will attempt to correct such information in a timely manner. We have measures in place to help us protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access.

_Usernames and Passwords._ Access to certain content on our website may be allowed under a written agreement between you or your employer and us and will require a username and/or password. In some cases, failure to provide Personal Information may prevent you from accessing certain of our website(s) containing certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers. By accessing and using our protected and secured website(s), you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected to access such site(s) and consent to our Terms of Use.

_Cookies._ We use "cookies". A cookie is a small data file that a web site can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to keep records of the visits to such site. A cookie contains information that helps us recognize which pages you have visited and improve your future visits, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted; however, we do not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. Access to our secured website(s) requires the use of per-session cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer, which you must enable.

_General._ If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at [legal_info@interwoven.com](mailto:legal_info@interwoven.com)
