> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 925e.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608014448id_/http%3A//www.925e.com/help-desk-info.php%3FTopicNum%3D218) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sterling Wholesale Jewelry Supplier Help Desk Info

**SECURE  SHOPPING GUARANTEED!**

** **  
925e.com is a division of Inca Territories Co., Ltd and, as required by law, our on-line secured environment is located at IncaTerritories.com.

   
At IncaTerritories.com we use the highest industry standard encryption protocol known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to keep your information secure.

   
Please note that you will be (automatically) directed to IncaTerritories.com during the final stages of the check-out process, where a special window will appear confirming this area is secured.

   
**YOUR  PRIVACY - OUR POLICY**

   
Under no other circumstances do we sell, rent or share your personal information with any other third parties.

   
By visiting 925e.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the _Terms of Use_.

_Privacy Policy_

   
At 925e.com all the information submitted by our clients is treated as strictly confidential.

We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining your personal information safely and using it responsibly. We only collect customer information for the purpose of processing your orders and improving your overall shopping experience with us.

This privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information collected on our website. By visiting 925e.com you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.

_Sharing Personal Information_

All personal information provided to us (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, etc) is securely maintained within an encrypted file system and/or password protected and only accessible by the appropriate department/individual for the purpose of processing your order.

In order to provide our service, 925e.com does share select information with some of our affiliates (such as our bankers and our shipping companies) for the purpose of processing your order. These affiliated companies may contact you on our behalf.

Under no other circumstances do we sell, rent or share your personal information with any other third parties.

Please note that we may have to disclose specific information if required to do so by law or in special situations where we have to protect ourselves, the users of our website or the public.

_Cookies_

Cookies are small text-files that are automatically stored on your hard drive while you browse the Internet. The use of cookies is common practice on the internet and most (if not all) shopping websites use them in order to function.

We use cookies (also) to recognize you and your preferences to make your shopping experience faster and easier.

If you do not wish to have a cookie on your system, you can set your browser to refuse them. (Please consult your browser's help section for instructions on how to do this.) Please note that when cookies are disabled you will not be able to order from our site and other shopping sites.

_Receiving email promotions_

We will occasionally email you once you have provided us with your email address and expressed an interest in receiving our promotional emails. To remove yourself from our mailing list, please use the “unsubscribe” link provided within the E-mail.

_Links to other sites  _

   
To enhance your shopping experience, 925e.com may have links to other sites which usually have their own policies on privacy which you may want to review. 925e.com accepts no responsibility for these linked Web sites.

_Policy Changes and Questions_

From time to time we may update our privacy policy and please note that the use of the information we collect now remains subject to the privacy policy in effect at that time. Whenever changes are made, we will post the updated policy on this site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy occasionally.

By using our website subsequent to the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.

_Errors and Inaccuracies_

Although we strive to have accurate, up-to-date information on our site, to be 100% error free is difficult. Therefore, our website may contain mistakes relating to product pricing and availability. Consequently, we reserve the right to correct these errors even if an order has already been submitted. We apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you.
