> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gspawn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140516115123id_/http%3A//gspawn.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

You linked to this Privacy Policy via a product website owned by Gold and Silver Coin Shop, Inc. (“GSCS”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). GSCS has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your information. This policy applies to all online communication with GSCS owned brands. When you provide us with online information through this Website, we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Please note that your visit to our Website is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. 

At all times, we reserve the right to disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; to protect GSCS rights or property (including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of a GSCS company, affiliate, or brand, or substantially all of its assets), or during emergencies when safety is at risk, or for credit fraud protection and risk reduction purposes. 

**1\. Information Collection and Use**

We only collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, postal address, email address, date of birth, gender, telephone numbers, passwords, credit and debit card information and other financial institution account information, via this Website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service, or information. For example, if you decide to place an order, we will ask you for your delivery and billing address, phone number(s), email address, credit card number and its expiration date. If you decide to complete a user registration form or survey, we may ask you for information such as your contact information (e.g., name, e-mail address and mailing address), age group or birth date. When you submit your personally identifiable information on this Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. GSCS companies may use the information that you provide to fulfill your request for a product, information, or other service, or respond to an email or other request, as well as to create and deliver to you our newsletters or surveys, communications containing product information, usage tips or promotions, help improve our website or services, or customize visitors' experience at our website. The personal information we collect may also be used to respond to your requests and inquiries; process your transactions for administrative purposes, such as order fulfillment and conducting contests, sweepstakes or promotions and awarding prizes; provide customer service and resolve any complaints; improve the website, any services provided through the website and resolve any related technical problems; keep track of your activities on the website, statistically analyze website usage and improve our marketing and promotional efforts; communicate with you regarding certain products, services or promotions offered by us or our partners, provided that you have not already opted-out of receiving such communications in the manner we have described; cross reference with other personal information that we have acquired about you or may acquire about you through our other sources; ensure compliance with the privacy policy, terms of use and any applicable laws and regulations and contact you regarding your use of the website or changes to the privacy policy or terms of use. We do not share your credit card or other account information with unaffiliated third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or if it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service that you order. If you prefer not to receive email marketing communications from us or from third parties, please see Section 7 below. You cannot opt-out of receiving communications from GSCS (or third parties who may assist us) relating to a specific order or request for a product or service. If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information. 

We may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners. Website Usage Information is tracked and gathered when you visit the website and your web browser or software communicates certain information to the website. We use this information to generate statistics about visitors to the website, detect broad demographic trends, enhance the website’s security, provide content tailored to your interests and to otherwise enhance your experience on the website. 

This Website is intended primarily for adults. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect or use any personal information from or market products and/or services to any individuals under the age of 13. However, we hereby advice all users of our website under the age of 13 not to disclose or provide any personal information on the website. If the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at info@gspawn.com if they want this information deleted from our files so that it is not in retrievable form. If we otherwise obtain knowledge that we have personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files so that it is not retrievable. In the event that we discover or are notified that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (please see the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy for more information about this Act), we will delete the child’s Personal Information from our files to the extent technologically possible. In addition, we reserve the right to limit participation in particular programs, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions to visitors of the Website that are 18 years of age or older. 

**2\. Passive Collection of Information**

In addition to actively collecting Personal Information from you, we, our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint venturers, strategic alliance partners, sponsors and advertisers (“Partners”) and our third party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically collect Website Usage Information and some Personal Information when you visit this Website. The methods used to collect this information may include: 

**Cookies.** The Website may place small files, called “cookies” onto your computer. Cookies are data files that websites write onto computer hard drives for record keeping purposes when you visit them. The cookie file then identifies you as a unique user. As a convenience feature, cookies simplify the process of recording personal information, so that, for example, users do not have to enter names, addresses or passwords repetitively. Cookies also allow users of the Website to customize certain site features. You can program your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to use certain portions of the Website and the Website will not be able to customize certain features according to your preferences. We do not use cookies to obtain any personally identifying information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent this. Please be assured that accepting a cookie does not give us access to your computer or personal information under any circumstances. If you disable cookies, you may be unable to order or use other features of our sites. If you experience any problems, please email us at info@gspawn.com.

**Web Beacons.** Small graphic images or web programming code called web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) may be included on the pages of the Website and in email messages we send you. Web beacons or other similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, such as to count visitors to the Website, monitor how you navigate the Website or to count how many particular articles or links posted on the Website were actually viewed. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear gifs are not tied to users' personally identifiable information. 

**Mobile Device Identifiers.** Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we, our Partners or our third party service providers may receive such device information if you access the Website through a mobile device. Certain features on the Website may require collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information. Additionally, some mobile service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their services. Depending on the provider, we, our Partners or our third party service providers may receive this information. 

**Embedded Scripts.** An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your use of this Website, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded to your computer from our web server or a third party provider, is active only while you are connected to the Website and is deactivated or deleted once you leave the Website. 

**3\. Ensuring Your Security**

We use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced security protocol that protects your credit card information and ensures secure online ordering. SSL Internet connections are encrypted, and thus protect all credit card ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number, so it cannot be read in transit. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information. 

**4\. Safe Shopping Guarantee**

We guarantee that every online transaction you make will be "100% safe". This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at our online store. It is determined that under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. 

**5\. Third Parties**

We may rely on other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include data analysis firms, customer support specialists, webhosting companies, and fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings). We may share personally identifiable information with such third parties as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose. We may also share personally identifiable information with marketing partners or other direct marketers, so they can send you notices about their products or services. In addition, we may also share your Personal Information and Website Usage Information with certain non-affiliated third parties, but only as set forth below: 

**Third Party Service Providers.** In some cases we may employ third party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, including, without limitation: (i) processing and fulfilling your orders; (ii) providing customer service; (iii) shipping, sending postal mail and emails; (iv) contest and sweepstakes administration and prize fulfillment; (v) removing repetitive information from customer lists; (vi) analyzing, updating and correcting information we receive on the Website; (vii) performing business analysis or quality control; (viii) providing marketing assistance, search results and links (including, without limitation, paid listings and links) and (ix) processing credit card and debit card payments. Consequently, we may share your Personal Information with these third party service providers if they need it to perform services on our behalf. However, such third party service providers are not authorized by us to use your Personal Information for any other purpose. 

**Business Transfers.** Your Personal Information and Website Usage Information may be transferred, sold or otherwise conveyed to a third party where GSCS: (i) merges with or is acquired by another business entity; (ii) sells all or substantially all of its assets; (iii) is adjudicated bankrupt or (iv) is liquidated or otherwise reorganizes. You consent to any and all such conveyances of your Personal Information and Website Usage Information. 

**Disclosure of Customer Information for Legal and Administrative Reasons.** We may disclose your Personal Information and Website Usage Information without notice: (i) when required by law or to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process; (ii) to cooperate in investigations of fraud, intellectual property infringement or any other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability; (iii) to enforce or apply the Website’s Terms and Conditions; (iv) to verify the identity of the Website’s users and (v) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of GSCS, GSCS’s Partners, the respective officers, directors, employees and representatives of each, and the Website’s users. 

**Disclosure of Personal Information with Customer’s Consent.** Unless otherwise required or permitted by applicable law, we will not transfer or release your Personal Information to a third party in any manner not provided for in this Privacy Policy without first providing you with the opportunity to “opt out” of such transfer or release of your Personal Information. 

**Disclosure of Aggregated Website Usage Information.** We may also share aggregated Website Usage Information that does not identify you personally with third parties. 

Our website may offer links to and from other third party sites. Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. For example, you may have linked to the GSCS brand site through a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases the site you have linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information. 

**6\. Security**

We take commercially reasonable precautions to help protect the Personal Information collected on this Website from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. However, due to the design of the Internet and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guaranty that any information or communications sent via the Internet will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. 

**7\. Links to Third Party Websites**

While on the Website or when viewing an email or other content provided by GSCS or the Website, you may encounter links to other websites operated by third parties. These other websites may set their own cookies, collect data or have their own privacy policies and practices. GSCS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party websites and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these sites as soon as you enter them. Links to any third party website or content do not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by GSCS of the linked website or content. 

**8\. Blogspaces, Chat Rooms, Forums and Message Boards**

Please note that blogspaces, chat rooms, forums and/or message boards may be available through the Website. Any information you disclose in these areas is or may be deemed to be public information and you must exercise caution and discretion before posting any of your Personal Information on the Website. 

**9\. Notification of Changes**

By using this Website you accept our privacy practices, as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change, modify, amend or update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any new or revised privacy policies on the Website, but we will only use your Personal Information in accordance with the privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected, unless you consent to any new terms regarding its use. It is your responsibility to periodically check and review our Privacy Policy for changes. 

**10\. Email Marketing**

We want to communicate with you via email correspondence only if you want to hear from us. When you purchase a GSCS product, we may from time to time send you email messages describing new products, special offers, and great values. If for any reason you would no longer like to receive email messages from the GSCS brand you purchased, you can email info@gspawn.com to remove yourself. Please allow up to 10 days for us to process your request. 

Your privacy is important to us, and for this reason we will never share or sell your email address with any third parties for direct marketing purposes. Please note, if you decide not to receive marketing emails from a GSCS brand, you may still receive "Transactional" email messages regarding your order (i.e. order confirmation, shipping information, customer service notifications, etc.) If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us at info@gspawn.com

**11\. Information Sharing Preferences**

We may share information with carefully selected vendors, business partners and other organizations that are not part of the GSCS family (as mentioned, your e-mail address is not shared). These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special opportunities and offers to you. 

If you do not want us to share information you provide with vendors, business partners and other organizations that are not part of the GSCS family, please send an email to info@gspawn.com that includes your name, complete address and email address. Please note that these requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective. 

**12\. Consent to Transfer**

This Website is operated in the state of Nevada in the United States. If you are located in Canada, the Caribbean, the European Union or anywhere else outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to GSCS will be transferred to the United States and by submitting the information you consent to this transfer. 

**13\. Privacy Questions**

If you have a privacy question about this Website, please send us an email at info@gspawn.com or write to: 

Gold and Silver Coin Shop, Inc.   
713 Las Vegas Boulevard South   
Las Vegas, NV 89101-6755 

This Gold and Silver Coin Shop, Inc. Privacy Policy has an effective date of August 26, 2013.
