> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the send-anywhere.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318062920id_/https%3A//send-anywhere.com/terms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

Effective as of January 21, 2015. For a prior version of our Terms of Service, [click here.](https://web.archive.org/2014/terms)

Thanks for using Send Anywhere!

The following terms and conditions (the “Agreement”) govern all use of the “Send Anywhere” application (“Application”). The Application is owned and operated by Estmob, Inc. (“Estmob”). The Application is subject to your (the “User”) acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein. BY USING OR ACCESSING ANY PART OF THE APPLICATION, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN.

Estmob reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement at any time. It is User’s responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. User’s continued use of the Application following email notification of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access and use the Application is revoked in such jurisdictions.

1\. AGE RESTRICTION. User hereby certifies to Estmob that if User is an individual (i.e., not a corporation) User is at least 14 years of age. User also certifies that it is legally permitted to use the Application.

2\. LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, User shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable to access download and use the Application solely for the purposes for which the Application is provided. This license is personal to User and User will not use the Application for any commercial purpose.

3\. RESTRICTIONS. User shall not, nor permit anyone else to, directly or indirectly: (i) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying algorithms of all or any part of the Application (except that this restriction shall not apply to the limited extent restrictions on reverse engineering are prohibited by applicable local law); (ii) modify or create derivatives of any part of the Application; (iii) rent, lease, or use the Application for timesharing or service bureau purposes; or (iv) remove or obscure any proprietary notices on the Application. As between the parties, Estmob shall own all title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in and to the Application, and any copies or portions thereof.

User shall not (i) submit false information to the Application, or (ii) use the Application for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement.

4\. FILE SHARING AND USER CONTENT. The Application allows Users to store, sync and share documents, files, materials, content, data and any other information User submits to, or through, the Application (User’s “Content”). USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT BY UTILIZING ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED FEATURES, USER CONSENTS TO Estmob AND ITS AGENTS AND PROVIDERS (I) ACCESSING YOUR DEVICE FOR SUCH PURPOSES, AND (II) STORING, SYNCING AND SHARING USER’S CONTENT AS INDICATED/REQUESTED BY USER THROUGH USER’S USE OF THE APPLICATION. USER HEREBY GRANTS TO Estmob ALL NECESSARY RIGHTS AND LICENSES (SUCH AS THE RIGHT AND LICENSE TO USE, COPY, MODIFY, TRANSMIT, DISTRIBUTE, STORE AND CACHE SUCH CONTENT) AS REASONABLY NECESSARY FOR Estmob TO ACHIEVE SUCH ACTIVITIES.

User is solely responsible for maintaining and protecting all Content that is stored, retrieved or otherwise processed by or in connection with the Application. Without limiting the foregoing, User will be responsible for all costs and expenses that User or others may incur with respect to backing up, and restoring and/or recreating any Content that is lost or corrupted as a result of User’s use of the Application. User access/uses/relies on the Content of other Application users at User’s own and sole risk.

With respect to all Content, User represents and warrants that (i) User the full right and authority to do so, (ii) no such Content will infringe or misappropriate or otherwise violate the rights of any third party, (iii) no such Content will violate any law or regulation, and (iv) no such Content will damage or otherwise adversely affect the Application or any of the systems used by or on behalf of Estmob to host or otherwise provide the Application.

5\. REGISTRATION; SECURITY. As a condition to using certain products and services of the Application, User will be required to register with Estmob and enter their name, email address, and password (“Send Anywhere User ID”). User shall provide Estmob with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of User’s account. User may not (i) select or use as a Send Anywhere User ID a name or email address of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) use as a Send Anywhere User ID a name or email address subject to any rights of a person other than User without appropriate authorization. Estmob reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a Send Anywhere User ID in its discretion. User shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of User’s Send Anywhere password and other account information.

6\. API. Send Anywhere API grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable license to access and use the Send Anywhere Services for personal or business purposes. (Keep in mind that these Terms do not grant us ownership of your Send Anywhere API, intellectual property, or Marks.)The Application is available for free as part of our public beta program. When we begin charging for services, we will offer customers easy to understand pricing plans that are simple to manage.

7\. INDEMNIFICATION. User is responsible for all of its activity in connection with the Application. User shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Estmob, its affiliates and each of its, and its affiliates employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or in connection with User’s (i) access to or use of the Application, (ii) Content, or (iii) violation of this Agreement.

8\. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE APPLICATION IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Estmob MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE APPLICATION IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, (II) THE APPLICATION WILL NOT DAMAGE OR ALTER CONTENT, OR (III) THE RESULTS OF USING THE APPLICATION WILL MEET USER’S REQUIREMENTS. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

9\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL Estmob, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION: (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE, (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), (III) FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED TO ANY CONTENT BY THE APPLICATION OR OTHERWISE, OR (IV) FOR MATTERS BEYOND Estmob’S REASONABLE CONTROL. USER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE APPLICATION MAY CONTAIN BUG OR THE LIKE, OR MAY FOR OTHER TECHNICAL REASONS SUCH AS FORMAT COMPATIBILITY, CAUSE ALTERATION OR DAMAGE TO CONTENT – AND USER ACCEPTS SUCH RISK. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

10\. TERMINATION. Estmob may terminate User’s access to the Application at any time, with or without cause. Upon termination, User will no longer access (or attempt to access) the Application. User may terminate User’s account at any time through User’s account page. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability.

11\. PRIVACY. Estmob’s current privacy policy is available at  Privacy Policy  (the “Privacy Policy”), which is incorporated by this reference.

12\. MISCELLANEOUS. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Estmob shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Estmob’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by User except with Estmob’s prior written consent. Estmob may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and User does not have any authority of any kind to bind Estmob in any respect whatsoever. 

Effective as of January 21, 2015. For a prior version of our Privacy Policy, [click here.](https://web.archive.org/2014/privacy)

Thanks for using Send Anywhere!

PRIVACY PRINCIPLES - You have control over what information you share, and whom you share it with. - We do not share your personal information with people or services you don't want. - We will work hard to be a responsible steward of the information we hold. - We store your non-personal information to improve your user experience.

We recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to your use of the Send Anywhere applications on all platforms (the “Application” or “Applications”), the related services we provide (“Services”) and the Site. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service (“TOS”) found at  Terms of Service.

Estmob Inc. (“Estmob,” “us” or “we”) has created this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site.

By using any Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You can find the most recent version of this Policy at  Privacy Policy, with the date of last modification noted above. Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof on the Site. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of this Policy whenever you access or use an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site to check if this Policy has been updated. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Send Anywhere Services and/or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Should you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact us at the contact information listed at the end of this Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.

This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.

1\. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We collect the following types of information below through your use of the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and/or the Site.

Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person. Personal Information may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Send Anywhere Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information; the names, email addresses, telephone, device numbers pertaining to you or another person; contact entries stored within your Device; and information, messages, images, photos, files and other content (including any location information and other metadata pertaining to such items) that you transmit or receive using an Application. Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Send Anywhere Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know. Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, such information may be accessed by one or more Applications, whether or not in active use, from the servers of third party app providers or markets through which you obtain applications for your Device. We collect Personal Information if you provide it directly to us via email or through the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site. We may also collect Personal Information when you send us messages, comments, questions or suggestions or if you participate in blogs, forums, message boards, chat rooms, profile pages and other services within which you are able to post information, if any, through the Send Anywhere Services and/or on the Site (collectively, “Forums”). We may also collect Personal Information through certain features of one or more Applications or the Send Anywhere Services (and in some instances will allow you to opt-out of such collection or retention of certain Personal Information). In some instances, certain Applications do not have to be in active use in order for your Personal Information to be collected through them.

Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes Session and Usage Data, Log Data and Aggregate Information, each as described below.

Session and Usage Data. “Session and Usage Data” is information about your use of an Application, the Send Anywhere Services and/or the Site and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location of the Send Anywhere. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of an Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar appointments, etc.), the Send Anywhere Services, or the Site.

Log Data. When you interact with us or use an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or our Site, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use (“Log Data”). Aggregate Information. “Aggregate Information” is data we collect about a group or category of services or Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site.

2\. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

Personal Information. We may use your Personal Information:

• to respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests, provide services, or complete transactions you have requested.

• to send you information regarding an Application, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and Policies and/or other administrative information.

• to resolve problems with an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site.

• to create an individual profile and provide personalized services, and to create and inform you of new products and services from us that better meet your needs.

• to suggest that you use or take advantage of certain features within Applications or the Send Anywhere Services.

• to better determine your location.

• as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

Non-Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose, including for our own internal purposes; to measure traffic patterns; to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users; to provide, improve and modify the Applications, Send Anywhere Services and the Site; and for promotion and marketing purposes. In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined with any Personal Information.

We may display targeted advertisements based on Personal Information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet certain targeting criteria, such as females between 18-24 years of age from a particular geographic area. We do not provide any Personal Information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will assume that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.

3\. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED

Personal Information. In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site. We also store Personal Information to improve the functionality of the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site. All information collected is stored in our database and may be archived elsewhere. We may disclose your Personal Information:

• to our third party service providers who provide services such as Web site hosting, maintenance, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, credit card processing, auditing services and other similar services, but only to the extent necessary or useful to provide such services, and only pursuant to contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your Personal Information.

• to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site.

• to identify you to other users of an Application to suggest you or they take advantage of certain features within Applications or the Send Anywhere Services.

• provided by you on Forums freely and without limitation. Please note that any Personal Information you post or disclose on Forums will become public information, and may be available to visitors of the Site. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Site.

• to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).

• as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process, whether originating in the United States or other territory; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; and (h) if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires immediate disclosure of communications or your Personal Information exists.

No Disclosure to Third Parties for Marketing Purposes without Your Consent. We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to such disclosure.

Non-Personal Information. We may disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined with Personal Information.

4\. THIRD-PARTY SITES In general, the Applications, the Send Anywhere Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Google or Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Web sites does not imply endorsement of such third party Web site by us.

5\. USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.

6\. CHOICES ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Opting Out of Marketing-Related Communications. You may opt out from receiving marketing-related emails, texts, phone messages or other communications from us on a going-forward basis by contacting us at privacy@estmob.com.

We will try to comply with your opt-out request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out as described above, this will apply to marketing messages from us only. We will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the database of any other Users you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information (i.e., to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). Please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.

Accessing, Changing or Suppressing Your Personal Information. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use of your Personal Information that has been previously provided to us, you may contact us at privacy@estmob.com. In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. We will try to comply with your request as soon as and to the extent reasonably practicable. Again, we cannot remove your Personal Information from the database of any other Users you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information.

If you have questions about your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@estmob.com.

7\. SECURITY Send Anywhere is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Personal Information or is impenetrable.

8\. RETENTION PERIOD We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law. Your Personal Information may or may not be encrypted while stored or archived by us.

9\. OUR POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE The Send Anywhere Services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child under 13 has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at privacy@estmob.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. By using any Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site, you are representing to us that you are not under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use any of the Applications and must immediately delete it from your User Devices. We recommend that minors, who are 13 years old but under 18 years old, ask their parents or legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to us or anyone else, whether by using an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site.

10\. INTERNATIONAL USERS Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to countries, including the Republic of Korea, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use any Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site and immediately delete all Applications from your User Devices.

11\. SENSITIVE INFORMATION We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site or otherwise to us.

12\. Estmob may use cookies to provide the Services on personal computers. In order to provide you with customized Services, Estmob uses cookies, which are saved on your personal computer (“PC”) and retrieved whenever required for any PC-based Services. Cookies are small text files of information sent to your browser by the website operating server, which are then stored on the hard drive of your PC. When you visit a website, cookies are accessed by the server to ensure that your preferences are maintained, which helps you be more efficient. Moreover, cookies tell us how often your visit the website, how you use the website and what information interests you. In this way, we can provide the Services optimized for your needs. You have an option to enable or disable cookies. You may configure your browser to accept all cookies, get an alert before accepting cookies, or disable all cookies. Please bear in mind that you will not be able to access some of the Services requiring a login process if you disable cookies. For any inquiries... If you have any questions, complaints or suggestions regarding the protection of personal information, please contact our Personal Information Protection Manager. We will use our best efforts to provide you with a timely and satisfactory response. 

[Personal Information Protection Manager]

• Name: Oh,Yoonsik

• Title: CEO

• Division: Security Part

• Contact: privacy@estmob.com

Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be notified separately. Estmob may amend this Privacy Policy to, for example, reflect changes to the Services or applicable law. We will post a notice about any Privacy Policy changes, and the updated Privacy Policy will become effective 7 days from the day on which the notice is posted. However, if changes to our Privacy Policy materially affect your rights due to unavoidable reasons, we will give you a 30-day prior notice.

13\. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the TOS or abuse of an Application, the Send Anywhere Services or the Site, please contact us at privacy@estmob.com.

END
