> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the senseofashion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101103185219id_/http%3A//www.senseofashion.com/articles.php%3Farticle%3D11) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sense of Fashion - The Marketplace for Fashion - Shop, share & sell designer items, vintage, boutiques, street fashion

**Privacy Settings**

You can block people by adding their username to your blocked users list. Visit the [Account Settings](http://www.senseofashion.com/user_account.php) page to learn more about how to block people.You can block people by adding their username to your blocked users list. Visit the [Account Settings](http://www.senseofashion.com/user_account.php) page to learn more about how to block people.You can block people by adding their username to your blocked users list. Visit the [Account Settings](http://www.senseofashion.com/user_account.php) page to learn more about how to block people.

**Privacy Policy  
**  
This privacy policy governs your use of Fashion Sense Inc’s (“Fashion Sense”) website located at <http://www.senseofashion.com/> (the “Website”) and is incorporated by reference to the terms of service of the Website which can be found at: <http://www.senseofashion.com/articles.php?article=10> This privacy policy explains the practices that apply to the information that you provide or that may be generated by your use of the Website.

We at Fashion Sense take your online privacy very seriously hence:

\- We do NOT track your online activities or browsing habits.

\- You decide, if and when, to provide us with personal information about yourself.

\- The personal information you choose to provide us will not be shared with others.

\- We will not spam you.

These highlights of Fashion Sense's privacy policy are provided for convenience only. For the complete and binding privacy policy of Fashion Sense please read the entire document below.

For your convenience below are the major issues covered in this privacy policy:

- The Privacy Philosophy of Fashion Sense.  
- Submission and Collection of Information.  
- How is the Material Being Used?  
- E-mail addresses and unsubscribing.  
- Communication with Fashion Sense.  
- Changes to this Privacy Policy.

**The Privacy Philosophy of Fashion Sense  
**Your privacy is important to us and we at Fashion Sense have chosen to undertake strict safeguards to protect your privacy, and we strive to meet and exceed industry standards. We welcome any comments and suggestions for improvement at: [info@senseofashion.com](mailto:info@senseofashion.com)

Submission and Collection of Information  
While using the Website, you may choose or need to provide personally Identifiable Information about yourself such as name, addresses, age and/or e-mail addresses (“Personally Identifiable Information”).

You may submit Personally Identifiable Information either through forms on the Website which you can correct, modify or delete before you choose to submit or through email communication. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.

In addition, Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be provided by you or may be generated by your mere use of Website and/or email communication.

Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include standard internet communications automatically sent by your computer. This information may include: the type of browser, the type of operating system; Internet protocol addresses (including any host name or geographic information associated with these addresses); and information related to your computer system configuration.

In some cases, if you decide not to provide certain information from certain forms on the Website (e.g. email address), you may not be able to complete the applicable process.

We use cookies, web beacons, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of the services offered on the Website; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries and submissions to the Website.

**E-mail addresses and unsubscribing  
**You may be asked to provide your email address in order to enable Fashion Sense to present you, from time to time, via email communication, with news and updates about its products or other promotional offers from Fashion Sense and/or third parties.

If you wish, at any time, to remove your email address from any of such mailing lists, you may unsubscribe by an email to: [info@senseofashion.com](mailto:info@senseofashion.com) or as otherwise instructed by Fashion Sense.  
For your convenience, email communication from Fashion Sense contains instructions explaining how to unsubscribe from the email mailing lists of Fashion Sense.

**Communication with Fashion Sense  
**Fashion Sense does not want to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information and material from you through the Website and/or in any other way. Any information or material submitted or sent to Fashion Sense or through the Website, will be deemed not to be confidential or secret. By submitting or sending videos, text, documents, information or other material ("Material") to Fashion Sense and/or the Website you (1) warrant that you are the sole owner the Material; that to the best of your knowledge no other party has any rights to the Material; (2) grant Fashion Sense an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute the Material, and you further agree that Fashion Sense is free to use any ideas, know-how, concepts or techniques you send for any purpose.

**How is the Material Being Used?  
**The Material is used to enable you to use the Website; to operate and improve the Website; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries and to conduct research about your use of the Website.

Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of such information. Your information may be accessed and disclosed if required by legal procedures.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy  
**Fashion Sense may occasionally update this privacy policy to reflect changes in its Website and other practices.

Fashion Sense encourages you to periodically review this privacy policy and other legal documents of Fashion Sense, to be informed of the privacy practices and terms of service of the Website (the “Legal Terms”). At all times, the latest versions of the Legal Terms will be published on this page and shall be binding and supersede any other versions. Your continued use of the Website following such posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. You can review and are encouraged to check, from time to time, the most current version of this privacy policy on this page.
