> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gjsentinel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010607183039id_/http%3A//gjsentinel.com/shared/help/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GJSentinel.com: Help: Privacy Policy

  
  
|  |    
**Privacy Policy**

Cox Interactive Media respects the privacy of visitors to our site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our privacy practices. 

Questions regarding privacy issues should be directed to Cox Interactive Media at [privacy@cimedia.com](mailto:privacy@cimedia.com). 

Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with any of our sites or to provide any other personally identifying information. 

The information gathered by Cox Interactive Media falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our websites when they register or initiate transactions, and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our sites. Third party providers featured on or linked to by our websites, such as vendors of products and services offered through our sites, may be gathering the same kinds of information. 

To make use of certain features on our websites (such as free email, personal web pages, chatrooms and other interactive forums) visitors need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. We may also ask for information from those who buy products or services or conduct other transactions on our websites. (We may ask, for example, for your name, email address, sex, age, zip code or credit card number, and we might request information on your interest in sports, personal finance, the performing arts, and the like.) The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our sites to your interests and make them more useful to you, and to process e-commerce transactions. 

The more you tell us about yourself, the more value we can offer you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But if you don't supply the information we need, we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other visitors to our sites. For example, we can't offer you a personalized stock portfolio if you don't tell us which stocks you want to track. And we can't send you email alerting you to a new service we're offering, or breaking news that may interest you if you don't tell us what you're interested in and give us your email address. 

From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions on our sites. If you enter one of these promotions, you'll have to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) so that we can contact you if you win. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the promotion, which we will identify in the official rules. If you don't want us to collect the information requested in the registration form or to provide it to contest co-sponsors, please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes.

Of course, even if you want to remain completely anonymous, you're still free to take advantage of the wealth of content available on our sites without registration. 

To help make our sites more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, random number, a sort of user ID, if you will, that resides on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access our site. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we won't know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie can't read unrelated data off your hard drive. Our advertisers and the third parties that provide products or services through our sites may also assign their own cookies to your browser, a process that we don't control. 

We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs, to deliver a better, more personalized service. It is a cookie, for example, that allows us to deliver your personalized stock quotes each time you visit a site, even if you've been away for awhile. And we use cookies to avoid showing you the same ad, repeatedly, during a single visit. In addition, we may use cookies to track the pages on our sites visited by our users. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. Of course, you can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our sites. 

Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our sites. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally to us. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our sites to the interests of our users, and to measure traffic within our sites. 

To make our sites more valuable to our visitors, we offer some features in conjunction with other providers. Our chat and free email services, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services. We share with these third parties such information as is necessary to provide the products or services. And, of course, our sites include links to plenty of other websites, and provide access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our websites, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting or the provider of such products or services. And when you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through one of our sites, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services, even if it appears that you're on CIM-branded pages throughout the transaction. The provider's privacy policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from the site's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information. 

When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our sites. From time to time, we may share more particularized information on visitors to our sites with those marketing products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. Please indicate on our registration form if you'd prefer we not share such information with them. If you want to change your election (or to review, update, or delete the information you provided on registering), just return to the registration form, enter the changes you want to make, and re-submit the form. All information gathered on any CIM website is encrypted for storage within a CIM-controlled database. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a message you post to any chatroom, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your email address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly. 

We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Visitor Agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our sites, the public, or Cox Interactive Media. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that Cox Interactive Media, the bulk of our assets, or one or more of our sites is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets.

A final note: The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes before they take effect. By visiting any of our sites, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over our privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement.

|  |   
[](http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/cim.gjsent.text/shopping;sub=;rr=1;pg=shopping;sz=140x60;tile=1;ord=Ox-IVMCo@RUAAFaSgtA?) [](http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/cim.gjsent.text/shopping;sub=;rr=2;pg=shopping;sz=140x60;tile=2;ord=Ox-IVMCo@RUAAFaSgtA?) [](http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/cim.gjsent.text/shopping;sub=;rr=3;pg=shopping;sz=140x60;tile=3;ord=Ox-IVMCo@RUAAFaSgtA?) [](http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/cim.gjsent.text/shopping;sub=;rr=4;pg=shopping;sz=140x60;tile=4;ord=Ox-IVMCo@RUAAFaSgtA?) [](http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/cim.gjsent.text/shopping;sub=;rr=5;pg=shopping;sz=140x60;tile=5;ord=Ox-IVMCo@RUAAFaSgtA?)   

