> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zeemi.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150326100009id_/https%3A//www.zeemi.tv/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Your virtual stage - Zeemi.tv

Zeemi.tv, (“Zeemi.tv”, “we” or “us”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our website accessible at www.Zeemi.tv (the “Site”) and our proprietary video player platform which enables the sharing of live and recorded video and audio content and chat on the Internet and via computers and mobile devices by our users (any and all of the foregoing the “Services”). The Services include the Zeemi.tv channels, our software applications (including any updates, new versions or new releases thereof) including, but not limited to, our viewer, broadcaster and recorder applications.

Zeemi.tv reserves the right to modify at any time this Privacy Policy. If we modify this Privacy Policy, other than the matters to each of which your consent is legally required, you will use the Site and the Services in accordance with the modified Privacy Policy.

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information nationally and internationally.

**Information Collection and Use**

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, features and content, to administer your membership and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site. We may also use your information in order to better understand how our Services are used. In addition, we may use your information in order to inform you of the Service, marketing or promotional materials, advertisements, soliciting, or to send you e-mails to such effect, from Zeemi.tv or third parties.

  * Personally Identifiable Information. In the course of using the Services, we ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you and administer your account (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, email address and postal addresses. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Services and administer your inquiries.
  * Please be aware that when you register to become a Zeemi.tv Member, other users of the Services may be able to see your screen or user name, in addition to any comments or submissions that you post to the Site or submit via the Services. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information. If your use of the Services violates or potentially violates Zeemi.tv’s Acceptable Use Policy, your Personal Information may be shared with law enforcement and other third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to all applicable laws. 
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of your use of the Services, including via your registration and the administration and personalization of your profile webpage (e.g., without limitation adddress, gender, age and individual preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”). Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Zeemi.tv Users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand how our Services are used.
  * We and Zeemi.tv Inc. also use your Personal Information to contact you with Zeemi.tv newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. Zeemi.tv Members who agree to the terms and conditions of the Zeemi.tv Terms of Service Agreement are given the opportunity to opt-in to receiving such communications from us in the future. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “user preferences” information.
  * Zeemi.tv will also share and use your Personal Information with Zeemi.tv Inc., and other networks, websites and entities affiliated, owned, controlled and/or connected with Zeemi.tv. We will use your Personal Information in compliance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
  * At times, we may offer special access to pay-per-view or other special promotional events, and we may share your Personal Information with those entities and advertisers that are participating in such event. Unless otherwise stated, we will only share your name and email address to such parties, so you may receive newsletters or promotional materials from such entities.
  * Surveys and Promotions. From time to time, we may provide you with the opportunity to participate in surveys, contests or sweepstakes (any of these a “Promotion”) via our Services. If you participate in a Promotion we will request certain Personal Information from you. We use the Personal Information you provide to us in these instances to administer your participation in the Promotion. Participation in a Promotion is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
  * Log Data. As you use the Services, whether as a Zeemi.tv Member or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a “Zeemi.tv User”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This log data may include information such as your computer’s IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services and for the Site’s technical administration. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.



**Cookies**

Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for three purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your encrypted registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site as well as display preference settings (such as preferred language). Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services, to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage by Zeemi.tv Users and web traffic routing on the Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. Third, if you visit the page which a part of the advertisements on the Site displays, we let the ad platform company who delivered such advertisement obtain the cookies. Such cookies will be administered by the privacy policy set forth by each ad platform company, without being provided or disclosed to us.

We may also use “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (individually or collectively “Pixel Tags”) in connection with our Services to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user’s hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**

In principle, we will use your Personal Information only to the extent necessary for the purposes mentioned above. Also, we will never provide or disclose your Personal Information to any third parties without your consent save as provided herein.

Zeemi.tv Members . When you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile webpage, Zeemi.tv Users will see your “Screen Name” and the month and year you first registered with Zeemi.tv (“Required Member Identifiers”). You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile (“Other Member Information”) and in some cases you can choose whether to share that information publicly on the Site by making selections via the “user preferences” section of your profile webpage. Providing Other Member Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with Zeemi.tv Users. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information.

Notifications and Following other Zeemi.tv Members . Zeemi.tv Members can also choose to join a “crowd” of other Zeemi.tv Members and follow their favorite Zeemi.tv broadcaster. If you choose to follow another Zeemi.tv Member, you will provide that Zeemi.tv Member with your public Zeemi.tv identity. By joining the crowd of another Zeemi.tv member, you also opt-in for notifications sent to you within the Zeemi.tv platform. You may also be followed outside of the Zeemi.tv platform, if you expose and make public your identity, email address and social network identity.

Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information . We may share aggregated information that includes your Non-Identifying Information with third parties, and disclose to third parties your Non-Identifying Information and Log Data for industry analysis, demographic profiling or other purposes in a way appropriate for such purposes. Any such aggregated information does not include your Personal Information.

Service Providers . We may employ third party companies and individuals, or engage such third party companies and individuals, to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site- related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used (each a “Service Provider”). The types of Service Providers we use include, without limitation, those that provide the following types of services: credit card processing, accounting, customer relationship management, website maintenance, notification services, database management and web analytics. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Ad Network . Advertising network operators serve ads on the Site and through the Services and collect information about users’ interaction with those ads, as described in each ad network operator’s Privacy Policy .

Third Party Social Networking Services . As a Zeemi.tv Member you can link your account information with certain social networking services (“SNSs”) and broadcast your activities and other data to your friends. In these instances, depending on the “user preferences” you set in your Zeemi.tv account, with your permission and on your behalf we will share the information contained in your Zeemi.tv account (e.g., Zeemi.tv profile page, channel page and any other information you deem public in any content you create on the Site) with the SNS. We also receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account, if any. Other than what we may share with the SNS in connection with your linking of accounts, the personal information a SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Services. The SNS will generally retain Personal Information other than the information shared with Zeemi.tv in accordance with “user preferences” you set in the SNS in question.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement . Zeemi.tv cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Zeemi.tv or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

Business Transfers . Zeemi.tv may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. If Zeemi.tv becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice to you before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Providing to a Third Party . We may provide your Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information to a third party, to whom the disclosure is considered to be appropriate in general societal terms, to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes described above. You hereby agree to such provision of your Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information to a third party.

**Changing or Deleting Your Information**

All Zeemi.tv Members may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request. See below for privacy contact information.

**Security**

Zeemi.tv is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored Personal Data (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

**International Transfer**

To the extent permitted by applicable law, your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

**Links to Other Sites**

The Services contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. This Privacy Policy addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through our Services. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

**Our Policy Toward Children**

Zeemi.tv does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact@zeemi.tv. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

**Contacting Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to access or make changes to your personal information, please contact us at contact@zeemi.tv.
