> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the inkjetsuperstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180729202933id_/https%3A//www.inkjetsuperstore.com/Privacy-and-Policies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Policies - InkJetSuperStore.com

## Privacy Notice

**Effective Date: 12/28/2015**

InkjetSuperstore.com (“IJSS, Inc.”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting [ www.inkjetsuperstore.com](https://web.archive.org/) and [www.inkjetsuperstore.ca](http://www.inkjetsuperstore.ca/)(“Web site”), owned and operated by InkjetSuperstore, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. 

### What Personally Identifiable Information About Customers Does InkjetSuperstore.com Gather?

The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience. Here are the types of information we gather. • Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site when you register. During registration you will be asked to provide us with your name and email addresses. Once you have registered you are able to enter your shipping address and phone number. If you purchase a product from us, we request your credit card number and expiration date. • Although the registration process, updating or correcting your personally identifiable information and the checkout process is done on our third party service provider's platform all the information collected on these pages is governed by our privacy notice. • We use the information that you provide for such purposes as creating an account for you, responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, for billing purposes, to fill your orders, and communicating with you. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. • Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information such as previous searches whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses InkjetSuperstore.com or InkjetSuperstore.ca advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of InkjetSuperstore.com on other Web sites. • E-mail Communications: To help us make special offer e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation through the use of web beacons when you open an e-mail from InkjetSuperstore.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive special offer e-mails please email us to info@inkjetsuperstore.com or opt-out from the email directly. 

Blog If you use the blog on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these blogs, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog, contact us at info@inkjetsuperstore.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

Customer Testimonials/Product Reviews We post customer testimonials/product reviews on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial/product review to post their name along with their testimonial or product review. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at info@inkjetsuperstore. 

What about Tracking Technologies? A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. 

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to enable our systems to recognize your browser and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. 

We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don't have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. 

If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited. 

The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any InkjetSuperstore.com products and services that require you to Sign in. 

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by InkjetSuperstore and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. 

We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store [content information and preferences.] Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. 

Does InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca Share the Information It Receives? Information about our customers is an important part of our business. We do not share, sell, rent or trade your personal information other than as disclosed within this privacy notice. Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, web hosting, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, live, chat to assist you if you have questions while using our site or regarding your order, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. 

• If you choose to use PayPal during the checkout process you will be redirected to the PayPal site in order for you to login to your account. Once you have completed the payment process on PayPal, they will then share back with us your name, shipping address, email address and PayPal transaction ID number. • Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that InkjetSuperstore.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information. 

Protection of InkjetSuperstore.com, InkjetSuperstore.ca and Others: We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, bankruptcy proceedings or similar legal process served on our Web site 

• Enforce or apply our Condition of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of InkjetSuperstore.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice. How Secure Is Information About Me? • We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using a third party web hosting provider who uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. • We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. • It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. 

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can email us at info@inkjetsuperstore.com 

Updating or Correcting Personally Identifiable Information If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct or, update or delete it by making the change within the Your Account Login or My Account section of the site under Edit your Profile or by emailing our Customer Support at info@inkjetsuperstore.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 

Data Retention 

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites? Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party Web sites. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of these third-party Web sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit. 

These third-party Web sites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our Web site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party Web sites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection. 

InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca also displays personalized third-party advertising based on information about customers, such as items purchased on or visits to InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca. Although InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca does not provide any personally identifiable information to advertisers, advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to personalize the ad. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [Here](https://web.archive.org/web/20180729202933id_/https%3A//www.inkjetsuperstore.com/:http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. 

Social Media Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons and Widgets or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

Are Children Allowed to Use InkjetSuperstore.com? We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. 

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Condition of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California. If you have any concern about privacy at InkjetSuperstore.com and InkjetSuperstore.ca, please contact us with a thorough description at the contact information listed below, and we will try to resolve it. 

If we decide to change our privacy notice, we will post those changes to this privacy notice, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement notice at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective. 

InkjetSuperstore.com  
Headquarters  
6380 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 1018  
Los Angeles, CA 90048  
888-745-4316 
