> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the inkpadnotepad.appspot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209082706id_/http%3A//inkpadnotepad.appspot.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Inkpad Notepad

## WORKPAIL, LLC PRIVACY POLICY

Workpail, LLC provides this Privacy Policy to inform you, the user, of our policies and procedures in regards to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.InkpadNotepad.com (the “website”) and the Inkpad Notepad mobile app. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and the website www.inkpadnotepad.com offered by Workpail, LLC (collectively, Workpail's "services"). We hope that this will help you to make informed decisions when using our services. In this Privacy Policy, references to "we," "our" and "us" refer to Workpail, LLC, while "you" and "your" refer to the Workpail customer or user.

SECURITY Workpail is very concerned with safeguarding your information. Therefore, we employ reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT In order to provide our services, we collect the following types of information:

Registration Information When you register with Workpail in order to create an account, we ask you to provide us with personal information which may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, account password, account pin, mailing address and phone number; and depending upon the type of account you create, we may also ask you for billing information (such as credit card number) and the operating system of your computer or device used by you to use and access the services. When you register, we may also subscribe you to our mailing list to receive marketing emails such as promotions or special deals. You may opt-out/unsubscribe at any time by logging into your account and updating your notifications settings on your settings page.

Children In order to use the Workpail services you must be at least thirteen (“13”) years of age. As children under the age of 13 are not allowed to use the Workpail services, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. This Privacy Policy makes no provision for their use. In the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Workpail website or any of the services, Workpail will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that Workpail's services receives personal information that Workpail discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, Workpail will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner. Should a parent or guardian become aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information, (s)he should contact us through the contacts page on our website.

User Communication We may send you a welcoming email and will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to inform you about our services, to manage your account and for notifications and service- related announcements when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications. If you send us email or other communications, we may retain the content of your communications together with your email address and our responses.

Data We support the use of Secure Sockets Layer technology (“SSL”) encryption for data during

transmissions sent between the client app and the server. If you choose to use our services, we may store your electronic data on Google App Engine. Any of your data is stored by Google App Engine it shall be controlled by their terms of service (http://code.google.com/appengine/terms.html) and privacy policy (http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/). No data transmissions or data storage, however, are completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data you transmit to us or store using our services or through third parties. If you utilize web-based or mobile access to your data, you must be sure to properly log off your Internet session to prevent access to your data by someone using the same device. While our goal is to remove your data from the servers immediately, on occasion data may be stored for up to 90 days after you have deleted them from your account or after your account has been terminated. Please be advised that despite our best and diligent efforts data may linger on servers even if you cancel your account or delete any data due to data saving mechanisms but it will no longer be accessible.

If you use the services in any manner other than the manner in which they are intended to be used your data may not be encrypted using SSL. Any data transfers that occur or have occurred in this manner shall not be covered by this Privacy Policy.

You have the option to share links to Workpail on Twitter and other social networking services. If you are already signed into one of these services you will be prompted to post a link on your wall. If you are not signed in to said service you will be redirected to the appropriate site and prompted to login. Workpail does not store your login information to your social networking service account(s).

Website Use Information Similar to most commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. A cookie is a very small data document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. When you log onto and browse our website, our website server automatically receives and records information on our website server logs from your browser, which may include, but is not limited to your IP address, cookie, page(s) viewed, the date and time of visits, time spent at our website, and websites visited just before and just after our website. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You have the option to reject cookies through your web browser, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of the services' features.

Our website uses cookies to differentiate you from other users and to improve your user experience (for example, by enabling you to log in fewer times than would otherwise be required). In addition, cookies, in conjunction with our server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our website and which parts of the site are more popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our customers.

We use analytics within our mobile application and website for visibility purposes, to track how many times the application was opened and the pages viewed within the application. Analytics may track your course location. Should this occur, your location will be anonymous and not linked to your personal information. This tracking is similar to the data collected from your internet internet connection through cookies.

The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Some third parties use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.

Workpail or a third party tracking utility company may employ a software technology called tracking pixels, that help us better manage content on our site and emails by informing us what content is effective. Tracking Pixels are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, tracking pixels are embedded invisibly in emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by tracking pixels to our customers' personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to re receive tracking pixels, you must disable HTML images in your email client, but that may affect your ability to view images in other emails which you receive.

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION We use information which we collect for purposes of providing the services, auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services, ensuring the functioning of our servers, providing customer service, contacting you as described in this Privacy Policy, and to enable features of the services, such as to allow you to share data with others, and developing new products and services for our customers and prospective customers. We may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our services, respond to your support requests. Please keep in mind that by using our services, we may need to send you information regarding your account, such as service announcements, so by your use of our services, you authorize us to send you such information and you may not opt out of receiving those messages.

Sharing Information with Third Parties We do not share your data stored through our services with any third parties unless instructed by you or in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We will not disclose your data to anyone unless you instruct us to do so or in once of the cases described in this Privacy Policy. Your data is not considered "personal information."

Workpail does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties except that your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in the following circumstances:

• When you have signed up for our services, we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and subsidiaries to provide the services to you.

• We may use third parties to perform services related to our operations such as a chat personnel, or an email service provider. In connection with these business operations, third parties may have access to your personal information. These third parties will be subject to an agreement to treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless stated otherwise in this policy.

• We currently use Google Checkout to process orders. Therefore, all payments you make to us shall be covered by their privacy policy (http://checkout.google.com/files/privacy.html).

• If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or any form of sale of some or all of our assets, we will provide notice by email before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

• We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, or other court order or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights and property, our services and/or users of our services; (c) enforce the terms of use with respect to our services (including investigation of potential violations thereof); (d) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud and any other harmful behavior/data, security or technical issues; or (e) protect the safety of users of the services, us or third parties.

• We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the average amount of data being stored by users. Such information does not identify you individually.

SECURITY: UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. Within Workpail, we restrict access to personal information to Workpail employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These persons are bound by confidentiality obligations. The user, however, should not store sensitive information such as credit or debit card information, bank account information, or passwords on the Workpail services and Workpail is not responsible for any information or data stored with the Workpail services.

Email Transmissions Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private or sensitive information to us by email. Some of the sensitive information you may enter on our website (e.g., login, reset password, etc.) will be transmitted securely via SSL server, which encrypts such information.

Links to External Sites We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our services nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our services, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.

How to Access and Correct Your Information You may access, delete inaccuracies, and correct your information at any time by logging into your account and changing the necessary information. If you need assistance in doing so, you may contact us through the contacts page on our website. If you cancel your Inkpad Notepad account, your identification, billing and contact information may remain in our records.

CANCELATION If you wish to cancel your account, contact us through the contacts page on our website. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

YOUR CONSENT By using our services you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, subject to rights you may have as a subscriber to our services. If we change how we use your or your contacts personally identifiable information, we will notify you here, by email, and/or by means of a notice on our home page.

CONTACTING US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through the contacts page on our website.

Updated On: June 7, 2011
