> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 35pv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-04-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110421212722id_/http%3A//35pv.com/privacy/default.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 35Pv.CoM Privacy Policy

[35PV Home](https://web.archive.org/web/20110421212722id_/http%3A//35pv.com/index.php)

We at 35Pv.CoM take your right to privacy seriously. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the 35Pv.CoM site and any affiliated site.

35PV only collects personal information from a user when the user chooses to give it to us by registering with the site, entering a 35PV contest or registering for free email on 35PV. 35PV will use email addresses to inform registered users of new content, contests, news and other information selected by our editors, unless the user specifically requests to not receive these messages. 35PV will also use email addresses from time to time to deliver email messages from our partners, advertisers and sponsors. In such event the email will disclose that the recipient is receiving the email from 35PV because the recipient is a registered user.

Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by [ contacting us](https://web.archive.org/web/20110421212722id_/http%3A//35pv.com/feedback.php).

35PV will not sell or disclose to any third party your name, address, email address or other personal information that specifically identifies you, unless you specifically provide your informed consent, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or a court order. 35PV will allow access to database information to third parties providing technical services, but only to the extent necessary to provide those services.

35PV will use and disclose to third parties information from user registrations and site usage patterns in aggregate form to improve and market the site and to provide traffic information to our partners, advertisers and market researchers. 35PV may, at its sole discretion, develop and use consumer research based on an individual user’s use of the web site.

35PV may also use "cookie" technology to improve user’s online experience. We do not extract information about individual users or their computers during this process.

35PV does not maintain any responsibility for information given to one of our advertisers or partner sites. 35PV recommends that users read the privacy policy at other web sites before providing any information.

#####   
Third Party Advertising

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.maxonline.com/privacy_policy/index.php).

If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

#####   
Third Party Cookies

In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
