> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the malayalamanorama.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231073202id_/http%3A//www.manoramaonline.com/content/mm/ml/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Malayala Manorama Co Ltd . ("Malayala Manorama" or "we") operates manoramaonline.com, fasttrackworld.com, gulfmanorama.com, manoramanews.com the Malayala Manorama iPhone application, the Malayala Manorama iPad application , the Malayala Manorama Android application, the Malayala Manorama Java/Symbian application, Malayala Manorama Windows application and any other Malayala Manorama owned and controlled URL, Mobile site and mobile application (collectively, the "Site"), Malayala Manorama messaging services, video services, RSS feeds, podcasting services, mobile services, and any other feature, content, or applications offered from time to time by Malayala Manorama in connection with Malayala Manorama' business (collectively, the "Malayala Manorama Services"). 

As set forth in our Terms of Use, Malayala Manorama is a general audience site, is not targeted to children, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.

This Privacy Policy describes Malayala Manorama's collection and use of users' personal information (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally Malayala Manorama's practices for handling non-personally identifiable information (e.g., user interests, demographics and site usage) to the extent such information is associated with a particular user or user account. This Privacy Policy applies to all "users," including both visitors (users who use some of the Malayala Manorama Services without being registered) and "Members" (users who have registered with Malayala Manorama).

**SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON Malayala Manorama SERVICES User Submitted Information**

Registration Information is the information that Members must provide to use at registration in order to create a profile (also called an "account"), and includes display name, email address, year of birth, zip code, and country.  
**  
Malayala Manorama Collected Information  
**  
Malayala Manorama Services Activity Information. When users access the Malayala Manorama Services, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Malayala Manorama Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Malayala Manorama Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it. We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. Web sites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the web site can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site. We may use these technologies to anonymously collect and store information about your usage of the Malayala Manorama Services, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run, and advertisements you have seen. If Malayala Manorama wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Malayala Manorama provides to you, we will obtain your express affirmative consent.

Third parties that support the Malayala Manorama Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing users to share content or tracking aggregate site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. Malayala Manorama does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. 

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's web site, see http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through the Malayala Manorama Services.

Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Site and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture. Public information and posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.

Third Parties. To improve the quality of the Malayala Manorama Services, we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties. If you access the Malayala Manorama Services through a third-party connection, log-in, website, app or service, we may also collect your public user ID associated with that third-party service, and any information or content you have permitted that third party service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address, and any information you have made public in connection with that service and which the third party shares with partner services. When you access the Malayala Manorama Services through a third party service, or when you connect the Malayala Manorama Services to a third party service, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use any and all information or content you have made public in connection with that service in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**NOTICE & CHOICE**  
Means of Notice and Choice. This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which Malayala Manorama provides you with notice about its collection and use of your personal information. Malayala Manorama will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission.

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the “Privacy Policy” section of the Website. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website. It is the responsibility of each User to review the Website and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

Location of Data. The Malayala Manorama Services are hosted in the United States. If you are a user located inside or outside India, you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States. Indian data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.

Linked Websites. The Malayala Manorama Services may also be linked to sites operated by Malayala Manorama affiliates (i.e., that are part of the "Affiliated Companies") or third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer games or applications developed and maintained by third parties. Malayala Manorama is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave the Malayala Manorama Services via a link, enable a third-party service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site. Additionally, although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the Malayala Manorama corporate Privacy Principles, users who visit an Affiliated Company site should still refer to its separate privacy policy, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

**USE AND DISCLOSURE**  
We use the information we collect from and about users for the following purposes:

To provide and manage the Malayala Manorama Services. We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Malayala Manorama Services and features to you including to measure and improve those services and features, to personalize your experience by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to provide you with customer support, and to respond to inquiries. We may use aggregated, anonymous data about use of and activity on the Malayala Manorama Services to assist us in this regard and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Malayala Manorama Services. Malayala Manorama may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the Malayala Manorama Services. These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to Site.

We may use the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of the Malayala Manorama Services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the Malayala Manorama Services. We may work with third-party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. We do not share your non-public personal information with these third parties, but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see on the Malayala Manorama Services. As noted above, these third-party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track non-personally identifiable information such as demographic information, aggregated information, and Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. 

To contact you. Malayala Manorama may periodically send promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications related to the Malayala Manorama Services to the email address you provided to us at registration or to your account. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from Malayala Manorama, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of as long as you are a member, such as notifications of changes to the Malayala Manorama Services or policies.

To protect the rights of Malayala Manorama and our users. There may be instances when Malayala Manorama may disclose user information without providing notice or choice, including situations where Malayala Manorama has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Malayala Manorama, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of users of the Malayala Manorama Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process.

To complete a merger or sale of assets. If Malayala Manorama sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Malayala Manorama may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

**SECURITY**  
Malayala Manorama uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.

**ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE**  
To cancel your account, email customersupport@mm.co.in, subject, "Delete My Account" and include the email address that you registered your account with (if different from the email address you're sending the email from). Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where, for example, you have shared information with a third-party application or web site. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines.

**CONTACT US**  
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Malayala Manorama at:

Email: customersupport@mm.co.in

Mail:

Malayala Manorama Co Ltd   
P.B No. 26   
K.K Road, Kottayam.  
Kerala – 686001
