> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lagoshost.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111130102927id_/http%3A//lagoshost.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LagosHost.Com - Nigeria Web Hosting Solutions Provider, Nigeria Free Domain Names, Cheap Hosting, Nigeria Free Domain Name Registeration, Nigeria IT Training Company, Nigeria Web Designer - Reseller WebHosting, Reseller For All!

LagosHost.Com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy issues. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for LagosHost.Com. At LagosHost.Com, we are very committed to your privacy, so here is our PRIVACY PROMISE TO YOU: LagosHost.Com will never sell, exchange, or release any of your individual personal information to a third party without your express permission.

Information we may collect: Occasionally, we may conduct online surveys or run a contest for promotional purposes, during which, we may ask users for contact information (like email addresses) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data to send consumers information about our company and, of course, to notify people if they win the contest. We understand, though, that you may want to participate in these surveys or contests but may not want us to send you email. Accordingly, as part of these surveys or contests, we will always give you the option of declining to receive information from LagosHost.Com. Hey, if you don't want to receive email, just let us know, and we won't send it. It is as simple as that. [Of course, we will notify you if you win the contest.] Like other web sites, your IP number is visible to us when you visit our web site. What is an IP address, you may ask? It is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're connected the Internet. Your IP number is visible to most of the websites that you visit. Don't worry, though, at LagosHost.Com, we only use IP numbers to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our Web site. Other sites may use your IP number for marketing purposes. We don't. From time to time, we may share with third parties aggregate information-- such as, how many of our users are men, or how many LagosHost.Com consumers search on Internet-related topics. Such information will not contain any personal identifying information.

Cookies Like many sites, LagosHost.Com uses cookies. Cookies are data files that are stored on your computer. They contain identification information that enables us to see how our users are interacting with our site and how frequently they are returning. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. We use cookies for the benefit of our users. Cookies let us know if we have repeat visitors (a strong indication of happy consumers) and if we are delivering a quality product to our consumers. We also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites. Essentially, it is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for other consumers who we think will like our site. Also, speaking of cookies, you should know that LagosHost.Com employs an outside ad company to display banner ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies from banner ads are collected by our ad partner, and are used for purposes of tracking performance of the banner ads. LagosHost.Com may not have access to this information. If you do not want to accept cookies from LagosHost.Com or other sites, your browser software should allow you to not accept cookies. Look in the Preferences (Netscape) or Internet Options (Microsoft Internet Explorer) feature to do this.

Links to other Web sites LagosHost.Com contains many links to other sites. LagosHost.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. LagosHost.Com does not share any of the individual personal information you provide LagosHost.Com with the sites to which LagosHost.Com links, although LagosHost.Com may share aggregate data with such sites (such as how many people use our site). This includes other third party sites on the Internet for which LagosHost.Com provides search services. Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.

Banner Advertisement We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Opt-out If you do not wish to receive future communications from us, you can send an email to sales @ lagoshost.com

Contacting LagosHost.Com If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with LagosHost.Com, please contact: Privacy Policy Issues/ Product Management

**RealArts Systems Ltd**  
info @ lagoshost.com 

Copyright © 1996-2008  
**RealArts Systems Ltd**  
Sales: 08023611150 or info @ lagoshost.com

Click here to download a PDF version of this document.  
Note: Adobe Reader is required to view this file. If you do not have this plugin, please download Adobe Reader here  

