> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cocc.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170215174238id_/https%3A//www.cocc.edu/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Central Oregon Community College - Bend Oregon

**Our Commitment to Privacy**

Central Oregon Community College (COCC) is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We will never sell or rent your name, email address, physical address or other Personally Identifying Information that you provide to use with any third party.

 **Security**

We make every effort to protect the personal information of those who visit the COCC website. COCC has put in place administrative, technical, and physical controls to safeguard and secure the information we collect online to prevent unauthorized access and ensure the correct use of information.

 **Google**

The Central Oregon Community College website uses [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics) to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Central Oregon Community College. COCC uses Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising. See: [Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2799357?hl=en). These tools provide anonymous data of website visitors and help us improve our web content to better serve our visitors’ needs. 

COCC will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information of visitors to our website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Google nor we will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. 

Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics using the [opt-out browser add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

 **What We Collect**  
COCC may collect, but not limited to, the following information from visitors to our web site:

  * Internet Protocol (IP) Address
  * Type of browser and operating system used to access our site (Internet Explorer; Windows)
  * Date and time the user accessed our site
  * Information regarding which COCC pages the user visited
  * If another web site links to our site, we collect the URL of the other web site
  * Information provided by the user in an online form, such as e-mail address



 **Disclosure of Information**  
If you choose to share personal information with COCC via email, or filling out an online form with personal information, we will use the information only for the purposes you authorized or in support of college programs.

 **Online Payments**  
COCC contracts with third party services to provide secure electronic payment options for various processes, such as paying the application fee or making tuition and fee payments. Each of these services is obligated to protect the privacy of individuals and ensure the highest level of security. Users are encouraged to read the privacy statements for the particular sites that allow for the online payments.

 **Links to External Sites**  
COCC web pages may provide links to external web sites or resources. Web sites that are not owned or managed by COCC are not bound by the college's online privacy policy and may have their own policies. 

**Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act**  
In conformance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974, as amended, COCC gives students the right to inspect their educational records. For more information see: [Confidentiality and FERPA](https://web.archive.org/disability-services/confidentiality-and-ferpa/ "Confidentiality & Release of Information").
