> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cockyboys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170219083515id_/http%3A//cockyboys.com/pages.php%3Fid%3Dprivacy-notice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice

### Privacy Notice

Cockyboys.com (“Website”) has created this privacy policy ("Policy") in order to demonstrate our company's commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and disseminating practices. This Policy also instructs you on what procedures to take if you do not want to receive communications from us other than those required for account maintenance.

MINORS. Our company's services are directed to adults who possess validated credit card information, and are not marketed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18) (or twenty-one in territories where twenty-one is the age of majority). Certain portions of Website, which may contain content considered offensive to some, are inaccessible to individuals under the age of eighteen (18) (or twenty-one in territories where 21 is the age of majority), as advocated by the Communications Decency Act. For those portions that may be accessible to individuals under the applicable age of majority, such as the Website home page and other areas presenting non-offensive content, the Website has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information (that is, name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under age. PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) SHOULD NOT SUBMIT INFORMATION TO THE WEBSITE. If a minor has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that minor should contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this Policy immediately.

PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer the Website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.

Our site may require users to give us contact information (such as email addresses and phone numbers), financial information (this includes account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (this includes zip code, age and income level). We use contact information to send the user information needed to maintain their account, to contact them when necessary, and to notify them of news about our company. We also use customer contact information to send the user promotional material from some of our partners. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings (other than those required for account administration); see the opt-out section below. The financial information collected is used to check the users' qualifications and to bill the user for services ordered. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We may use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis only. From time to time, our site may request additional information from users via promotional programs or special offers. Participation in these offers is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information such as phone numbers and shipping address. This information may be used to award gifts and promotional products.

USE OF COOKIES. We use cookies to save your preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit our site. When you visit our site, we also gather information that does not identify individual users. Cookies are used to track your IP address only for the purposes of tracking unique user sessions, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We use aggregate information along with other data to make improvements and update to our site for our visitors. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors. However, these statistics will not include personal identifying information. Account information may be released when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with applicable law, regulation or subpoena; (2) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property or safety of our users and/or any third parties.

SHARING OF INFORMATION. The Website does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with any third party, except to the financial institution or transaction bureau that processes your transaction or where required by law.

If our company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, members’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. If as a result of the business transition, the members’ personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection members will be given choice consistent with our “Changes to our Privacy Policy” section below.

THIRD-PARTY COMPANIES. This site contains links to other sites. Please note that the Website is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites. In some cases, information may be collected about you that is not personally identifiable by third-party advertising companies and service providers ("third parties"). Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the site from which you linked to our site. Internet advertising networks such as some of the third parties used on this site are currently the focus of regulatory and legislative scrutiny concerning the breadth and ultimate use of information collected from sites like the Website. When you navigate through the Website, these third parties may set cookies during your viewing of certain pages. The Website utilizes the data that third parties have collected in this fashion to determine how far you have progressed into the Website. Third parties are not entitled to use collected data other than for general reporting of aggregate information. Should regulations and laws evolve which impose limitations and restrictions on the Website's collection and use of such data (beyond the limitations Website already imposes upon itself, as these are set forth in this Policy), of course the Website will abide by such laws and/or regulations.

MONITORING THE SERVICES. The Website reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor all services offered. This includes but is not limited to the materials posted in the public areas of the Website as well as the contents of communications transmitted while engaging in voice and text chat, email, or voicemail. The Website shall have the right to remove any material that violates, or is alleged to violate, any law or regulation, the User Agreement, or this Policy. The Website shall have the right to disclose information transmitted while using its services for any reason if the Website believes that it is reasonable to do so, including to: satisfy laws, regulations, or governmental or legal requests; operate the service properly; or protect itself and/or users.

PUBLIC FORUMS. The Website may make chat services, webcams services, voice services, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

SECURITY. Your contact and financial information is secured by using reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure.

OPT-OUT. Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us (other than email required for account maintenance). If you have established an account you may edit your account information to selectively opt to not receive news and/or promotions. Users may change their option for receiving news and/or promotions in the following ways:

1\. Visiting your profile and editing the information; or

2\. If you are unable to edit, email Customer Service (include the email address used when signing up, full name, and credit card billing address).

Users may also follow this procedure for changing and modifying information previously provided to Website

CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. We will notify users of any change to this privacy policy either by posting a notification on the main page of the site or via email, unless you have opted-out of receiving email from us.

WHO TO CONTACT. If you have submitted personally-identifiable information through the Website and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact our Customer Service and provide us with your full name, your username, your credit card billing address, and any information you feel important. We will use reasonable efforts to delete this information from our existing files.

FURTHER QUESTIONS. Further Customer Service questions? Contact us at our email address customerservice.
