> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the datagenetics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181209072036id_/http%3A//datagenetics.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### Privacy Policy

Privacy is important. So is transparency. Here are details of what we collect and how we use it:

##### _Personal Data_

To use our site we do not ask for any contact details. Because we do not collect this data, we have none to share with any third parties.

##### _Log Files_

When you access our site, the server you connect to collects information provided by your browser. This information includes (but is not limited to): IP address, Browser Type, Date/Time, Referring Page, Operating System, and Screen Resolution.

None of this information is linked to anything that is personally identifiable, and we use this log information to track usage of our site. Log file data is _not_ shared with any third parties.

##### _Google Analytics_

Our site uses Google Analytics to track usage patterns, traffic sources, and browsing habits. We use reports generated by this service to make our site better.

##### _Cookies_

Cookies are created and used by our service to assist with analytics and advertisements. Third party advertising vendors may also use cookies to assist with serving adverts. At the current time our exclusive advertising partner is Google Adsense.

As of January 2015, we enabled the Google Display Advertising features to provide better understanding of the demographics and interests of our audience.

If you wish to control, opt-out, or view the settings used by Google, you may visit this link: [Google Preference Manager](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).

##### _Newsletter_

Optionally, you can subscribe to our newsletter service [here](http://datagenetics.com/newsletter/subscribe.html). The email you provide will only be used to contact you when we publish a new article. We will not rent, sell, or use your email address for any other purpose. Newsletters are sent anonymously; we don't even ask for your name, just an email! You can [unsubscribe](http://datagenetics.com/newsletter/unsubscribe.html) at any time.

_[  Last updated: June 2015 ]_
