> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the datamyne.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161128163447id_/http%3A//www.datamyne.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Datamyne

**DATAMYNE INC. PRIVACY POLICY**

This Privacy Policy (the Privacy Policy) applies to information collected by Datamyne Inc. (Datamyne) through or in connection with the operation of Datamyne’s website (the Site). Datamyne understands how important your personal privacy is to you, and we want you to be aware of the kinds of information we collect, how we collect it, how we use it, and with whom we share it. When you submit information to Datamyne, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Datamyne may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating the information posted on the Site. Amendments to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted.  You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy, so that you are aware of any such revisions.

1.  **The Information We Collect**.

Personally Identifiable Information.  Subscribers to the Site are required to supply certain information to Datamyne as part of a registration and subscription process, including but not limited to information identifying a e-mail address, telephone number(s), and physical address of the subscriber; and financial information of the subscriber, including credit card or bank account information, for purposes of remuneration for services rendered by Datamyne to the subscriber.  Subscribers access the services available through the Site by using login credentials supplied by Datamyne, which are linked with the personally identifiable information provided to Datamyne.  Datamyne may, from time to time, collect additional personal information from subscribers in connection with subscriber surveys.  Participation in the surveys will always be optional.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information.  We also collect autonomous, non-personally identifiable information through the Site, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address(es) from which you access the Site, and information about the nature of your use of the Site.  We collect this information and use it in the aggregate to monitor the Site, to improve Site offerings, and for targeted promotional or marketing initiatives.  Aggregated data are compiled into statistical and demographic information that we use, and may share with others, to show preferences of Site subscribers in the aggregate, but not the preferences of any individual subscribers.  If we share this kind of aggregated data with third parties, it will not include a level of detail that would permit a third party to associate an individual subscriber with the subscriber’s usage or preferences. We may combine autonomous information with personally identifiable information to identify a subscriber in order to enforce Datamyne’s Terms of Use Policy.

2.  **Use of the Information We Collect**.

The personally identifiable information that we collect through or in connection with the operation of the Site is used for purposes of ensuring compliance with Datamyne’s Terms of Use Policy, offering and rendering our services, and responding to subscribers’ queries.  Personally identifiable information is accessible by our employees, contractors, and agents to the extent reasonably necessary for these purposes. Except as described in this section, we will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party unless you expressly consent to such disclosure in advance.  We use cookies to identify you as a subscriber of the Site, to permit your access to the Site services, and to monitor your use of the Site.  Cookies are text files, stored in your web browser, that contain information about you relative to your use of the Site.  If you configure your web browser to disable or block cookies, you will not be able to use the Site services.

We have the right to disclose and transfer subscriber lists and related personally identifiable information in connection with any merger, sale, or contemplated sale of all or part of our business related to the Site, and to treat such information as a business asset in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation. We may also disclose personally identifiable information to a third party if disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, court order, and/or other legal instrument, legal proceeding or relevant law; or if there is an immediate, imminent threat to the safety of any person, Datamyne, or the Site.

We use e-mail links to allow subscribers to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have.  We will use your e-mail address to respond to these questions or comments.  We may also periodically send you promotional e-mail about services offered by Datamyne. Additionally, the e-mail address provided by you at registration may be used by Datamyne to contact you regarding (1) account status (including confirmation of registration), (2) major changes to the Site, and (3) participation in subscriber surveys.  Except as permitted by this policy, Datamyne does not send unsolicited e-mail.

3.  **Security**. We use industry-standard security methods such as firewalls, encryption, and system access controls.  However, as no computer or network-based product exists that can provide “perfect security,” we cannot guarantee that the steps we have taken to secure your information will prevent our systems from being compromised and your information from being disclosed.

4.  **Modifying Information**. We allow subscribers to the Site to inspect the personally identifiable information they have provided and that we maintain, and to request correction of any error in our records relating to their personally identifiable information.

5.  **Links to Other Websites**  The Site may contain links to websites that are not affiliated with Datamyne and that may or may not have similar practices in place to protect the privacy of information that you supply.  We encourage you to review the privacy statements of each of the sites that are linked to or accessed from the Site so that you will be aware of how each visited site collects, uses, and distributes such information.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by third-party sites.

6.  **DoubleClick DART Cookie.  **Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the Site.  Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to the Site and other sites on the Internet.  Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>.
