> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the datapine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229141424id_/http%3A//www.datapine.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | datapine

## Privacy Policy - Effective as of April 20, 2015

## datapine GmbH, SKALITZER STRASSE 33, 10999 Berlin

datapine considers the protection of internet user data privacy to be of utmost priority and adheres strictly to the Data Privacy laws of the European Union and Germany. In this document we outline, which data of website visitors’ datapine collects and processes and how datapine adheres to data security standards with regards to user data.

### 1\. Collected Information and Customer Data of Website Visitors

1.1. Our web servers, as most servers on the internet, store each access to our website in a log file. The following data is collected:

* IP address of the requesting computer
* Date and time of access
* Name and URL of the downloaded file
* Volume of transmitted data
* Confirmation whether the request was successful
* Data identifying the browser and operating system
* Website from which our site was accessed

1.2. This data is required for the use of the website (connection establishment, data transfer). We retain this information for purposes of system security, for technical administration of the network infrastructure as well as to improve the website, for a maximum of 24 hours.

1.3. Only system administrators have access to this data. An assessment of this data only takes place in case of justified suspicion due to an attack on our network infrastructure or an improper use of our services.

### 2\. Use of Cookies

2.1. Like many websites, datapine uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies with a storage period of up to two years. These cookies will save your registration data (User-ID and password, but no names) and if applicable language settings for future visits. Second, we utilize so called session ID cookies. Session ID cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the site and service and then close your browser. We use these session ID cookies to better understand your behavior on our website and to improve the appearance of the website for your device. You can delete all of our cookies at any time.

2.2. You may refuse / disable the use of cookies by changing the settings of your browser, however, this may mean you cannot use all functions of this website. You will find information regarding your browser settings in the help section of your browser.

### 3\. Use of Google Services

3.1. General Information

3.1.1. Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (Google) provides website owners a variety of features and services to improve the detectability of websites in search engines, to advertise for and on the websites and to analyze the user behavior. The services datapine uses are listed below.

3.1.2. Information and services from Google are automatically triggered when visiting datapine’s website. In this case, Google becomes aware of the IP address of the user and usually requests more data from your device (e.g. cookies, device data, device ID, information about browser and software). If your device has a phone number, Google also requests this. Whether this data is sent from your device to Google depends on the settings of your device.

3.1.3. For all services from Google alone the privacy policy of Google applies, available at [www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/). 

3.2. Google Analytics

3.2.1. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, small text files that are stored on your computer to help analyze how visitors use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. datapine enabled the IP anonymization of Google so your IP address will be truncated within member states of the European Union or other States parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to the transfer. Only in exceptional cases the complete IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.

3.2.2. Google will use this information on behalf of the website operator to analyze the individual usage of the website, to create reports about website activities and to provide other services related to website and internet usage. In general you can deactivate cookies (see 2.2) or install a browser-plugin that prevents the collection and analysis of data, generated by the cookie, and your behavior on the website (incl. your IP address) under the following link [[https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en]](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

3.3. Google Tag Manager

3.3.1. Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketers to manage website tags in an interface. The Tag Manager itself (which implements the tags) is a cookieless domain and does not collect any personal data. The tool activates tags that, as a result, might gather data. Google Tag Manager does not access or utilize this data if deactivation was carried out on a domain or cookie level, it remains for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager.

### 4\. Registration

4.1. When you register with datapine we will ask you to provide your company name, name of the companies contact person, your email address and a valid phone number.

4.2. In the case of the use of paid services, the specification of payment data is required.

### 5\. Newsletter

Registered users can subscribe to the newsletter of datapine. In this case datapine will use the provided name and email address to send the newsletter. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter you may unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of the newsletter or by sending an email to [support@datapine.com](mailto:support@datapine.com).

### 6\. Limitation of use

6.1. All data collected by datapine via the website will be collected, processed and used for the purpose of tailoring the service and for the purpose of providing the services offered by datapine.

6.2. datapine may also use the collected data of registered user for the purpose of advertising its own services, as permitted under §28 Section 3 BDSG (German Federal Data Protection Act) and §7 Section 3 UWG (Law Against Unfair Competition). You can object to such use of your data at any time with effect for the future by e-mail to [support@datapine.com](mailto:support@datapine.com).

### 7\. Terms of service – Data Processing Order

7.1. Data provided to datapine for analytical purposes will only be used by datapine in order to create the analyses requested by you. You are always in complete control over the data; datapine does not use the data for its own purposes or the purposes of third parties.

7.2. If datapine receives access to data, that constitutes personal data in the meanings of § 3 Section 1 BDSG (German Federal Data Protection Law), depending on jurisdiction that applies for the user, an additional agreement for data processing might be required. This applies in particular to users that are subject to German or European Data Protection Law. datapine provides for these cases an agreement which the user can request by e-mail at [support@datapine.com](mailto:support@datapine.com).

### 8\. Data Transfer to Third Parties

datapine will disclose personal data to third parties only if this is permissible under the German Federal Data Protection Law. Service providers who process data on behalf of datapine or perform maintenance services on the systems of datapine, will only be assigned if they have signed a written data processing agreement according to § 11 BDSG. datapine will not disclose personal data of users to third parties for advertising purposes.

### 9\. Changes to Privacy Policy

datapine reserves the right to amend its Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect the functions of the website and the service. For visitors to the website the current version of the Privacy Statement applies, existing customers will be informed separately regarding changes in the Privacy Policy.
