> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the synative.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110515202828id_/http%3A//www.cognis.com/company/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy: www.cognis.com - Cognis

Your trust and confidence in the correct use of your data is very important to us. Therefore, we ascribe great importance to data protection and adhere to applicable data protection law. Personal data means any information that may be used to identify you, including e.g. your name, postal address or e-mail address. We will at various stages collect personal data, while you use the cognis.com web site (hereinafter the “site”). We will treat your personal data strictly confidential and use it only in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and for the purpose communicated to you.

We want you to know when and what kind of data we store and how we use such data. Therefore, we inform you in this Privacy Policy about the collection, processing and use of your data. 

**General  
** In general you may visit the site without transferring any personal data to us. However, certain services of the site will require you to submit personal data. For example you will have to register in order to receive our company reports or press releases or to order product samples. Any personal data which you enter on the site or submit to us will be collected and stored to enable you to use the respective service. 

When you visit the site, we will store certain data automatically in order to operate the site. The data stored encompass IP address, time and date of your visit, the page you came from and the page you are visiting. We use these data regularly to create anonymous statistical analyses. These statistics enable us to understand your needs and to continually enhance the site for you. It is not possible to link such statistics to your personal data.

Your data are being stored on our web server in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The data is being stored as long as necessary to provide you the requested service. In order to save our data files we backup the system on a regular basis. These backups are kept until they are overwritten or destroyed in the course of the regular backup process.

**Disclosure of personal data  
** If you request a service, we may disclose your personal data to those members of the Cognis Group or authorized distributors, who are in the best position to follow-up your interest. For example when you order product samples via the site, your request will be transferred to such member of the Cognis Group or such authorized distributor responsible for your area. Depending on your request this may encompass a transfer of your personal data to other Member States of the European Union, the U.S. or elsewhere. The data protection law in these countries may differ from the laws in the country in which you are located. However, all companies of the Cognis Group are bound by the Cognis Data Protection Guideline and will use your personal data only as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

Apart from that we do not disclose your personal data to third parties, unless we are required to do so by law or court order.   


**Analytics  
** This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  
**Cookies  
** Cookies are small text files that are stored by the web server in the hard disc of your computer. We may use Cookies to store an anonymous authentication token. This enables us to enhance usability of the site or to personalize the site for you, for example you may only have to authenticate once while browsing secured pages of the site. Cookies do not enable us to access your computer or any information beyond the information you provided to us. In particular, cookies do not enable us to create user profiles. 

We use session and permanent cookies. Session cookies (e.g. the anonymous authentication token cookie) are automatically deleted once you terminate the web browser program. Permanent cookies are not session based. They will stay on the hard disk unless deleted by you or until they expire. 

You have the possibility to object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. If you object to cookies, no cookies will be written to your computer. However, some features on the site may not function.

**Underage person  
** Our site is not addressed to underage persons (below 18 years). Underage persons should not transfer personal data without the consent of their parent or legal guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal data of underage persons.

**Unsubscribe  
** In various instances you may have consented to receive information, e.g. company reports, if you would like to unsubscribe, please send an email to [info@cognis.com](mailto:info@cognis.com).

**Right of access and correction of personal data  
** If you wish to review or amend any of your personal data stored in our system, please, send an email to [mailto:info@congnis.com](mailto:info@congnis.com). 

**Security of Personal Data  
** In order to protect your personal data we update our technical and organizational security measures regularly. These measures aim to prevent any unauthorized access, use, alteration, deletion or manipulation of your data. 

**Links to other Web Sites  
** The site contains links to information or applications on other web sites, which are not operated or controlled by us. 

The provider offering the information or applications might adhere to different privacy policies. We are not liable for privacy policies governing third parties web sites. Please, check the respective privacy policy on such third party web sites to obtain further information regarding use of your data on such third party web sites. 

We do not have any influence on the current or future content on any linked third parties’ websites. The link to third party web sites only enables you to access such content and is provided for your ease only. We are not liable for such content. We explicitly do not adopt any statement or the like presented on such website as our own.

**Contact  
** The site is provided by :   
**Cognis GmbH, Rheinpromenade 1, 40789 Monheim, Federal Republic of Germany  
** If you have any suggestions or questions or face any difficulties, please, contact us under the e-mail address [info@cognis.com](mailto:info@cognis.com).

**Amendments of Privacy Policy  
** Constant developments of the site may require us to adapt our Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with existing and future laws, decrees and ordinances of any kind governing data protection. Please, visit this Privacy Policy on your next visit to note any changes or amendments hereto.
