> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the syngenta.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100103125854id_/http%3A//www2.syngenta.com/en/home/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Syngenta

Headline

**Introduction.**   [www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/) is owned and operated by Syngenta AG. Syngenta is committed to respecting the legal requirements that exist regarding the personal privacy of the individuals who use this Site. This Privacy Statement describes the Syngenta current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by Syngenta through this Site.

**Definitions.**   The term "personal data" means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural or legal person, for example, the name, age, e-mail address or mailing address of the individual. The term "Site" refers to the Web site located at [www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/). The term "Syngenta" means Syngenta AG.

**Notification of Changes to this Privacy Statement.**   Syngenta is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to this Site. These ongoing improvements, changes in the law or changes in technology may require changes to this Privacy Statement. Syngenta reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Statement at any time. For this reason, we encourage you to review this Privacy Statement every time you use this Site.

We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Statement by posting an updated or modified version of this Privacy Statement on this Site. Your use of this Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that personal data collected from or about you through this Site after the revised Privacy Statement is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Statement. Syngenta will not apply changes to this Privacy Statement to any personal data Syngenta collected before the revised Privacy Statement was posted on this Site. 

You may access the current version of this Privacy Statement at any time by clicking on the button marked "Privacy Statement" at the bottom of each page of this Site. 

This Privacy Statement was last revised on 12 May 2009. 

**Your Consent.**   This Privacy Statement is included in and is part of the [www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/) Terms and Conditions. By using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data as set forth in this Privacy Statement, this, however, being subject to specific statements regarding personal data which may be published on this Site. If such specific statements are actually provided, they shall prevail in case of any conflicts with this Privacy Statement. 

### Personal Data Collected Through [www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/)

_Personal Data You Provide._   Syngenta collects the personal data you provide to us when you use this Site. These personal data may include, for example, your name, the name of your company, your or your company's mailing address and your e-mail address. Subject to the content of this Privacy Statement your personal data will be kept strictly confidential.

Syngenta uses the personal data you provide when you use this Site to provide the information, services and products you request. For example, we may use your e-mail address to respond to your comments and questions. In some cases, the site will allow registration to promotional events; we will use your email or mailing address to provide brochures, maps and event information.

Syngenta also uses the personal data collected through this Site to improve the content and functionality of this Site, to better understand our customers and markets, to improve our products and services and to market our products and services to our customers and potential customers, including those who are registered users of this Site. From time to time, we may contact you with information about agricultural products and services. If you do not want us to contact you for such purposes, please notify us [via our Webmaster](mailto:global.webmaster@syngenta.com). 

_Click-Stream Data._   Syngenta uses technology to track your use of this Site, for example, which pages you view and which links you use. This information about your use of this Site is called "click-stream data." Click-stream data helps us determine what is important to you, and what is not. It helps us decide what content and features to add and what to discard. It also helps us determine whether our Site is easy to use or whether we need to redesign certain pages and links. Click-stream data does usually not identify you personally. If Syngenta links any click-stream data to your personal name we will treat it as personal data. 

_Cookies._   We may obtain information about you by installing our own marker on your computer. This marker is commonly called a "cookie" and it enables us to know you by a computer-generated, unique identifier. By providing you a unique identifier, we are able to create a database of your previous choices and preferences, and in situations where those choices or preferences need to be collected again, they can be supplied by us automatically, saving you time and effort. For example, after you purchase a product once, if you need to purchase it again you previous selection of size, colour or other features will be retained and can be re-entered more quickly. Your computer may be specially configured to reject cookies: please refer to your browser for more information.

This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for website operators and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Site. 

### Disclosure of Personal Data to Third-Parties 

**Disclosure of Personal Data to Our Affiliates.**   SSyngenta may share personal data collected through this Site with its affiliates, who may use the personal data in the same ways as Syngenta may use the personal data (i.e. according to this Privacy Statement). If you do not want Syngenta to share your personal data with its affiliates, please notify us [via our Webmaster](mailto:global.webmaster@syngenta.com). 

**Disclosure of Personal Data to Unrelated Third-Parties.**   Both Syngenta and its affiliates may share personal data collected through this Site with third-parties throughout the world who act for or on behalf of Syngenta and/or its affiliates, for example, companies that provide support services to us, including data processing services, or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the personal data we share with them for any other purpose than those to which we have notified you under this Privacy Statement. 

**Transfer of Personal Data Abroad.**   Syngenta and its affiliates are engaged in a global business. Syngenta and its affiliates have facilities and databases in different countries. Syngenta and its affiliates may, from time to time, transfer your personal data to a database belonging to Syngenta, an affiliate or a third-party in another country for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. When Syngenta does so, Syngenta will take reasonable precautions, in accordance with applicable law, to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal data.

**Transfer of Personal Data in other Cases.**   In addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which Syngenta or its affiliates may share or transfer the personal data in their databases to an unrelated third party, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your or your company's vital interests, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event. 

Where appropriate, before disclosing personal data to a third party, Syngenta will contractually require the third party to take adequate precautions to protect that data against unauthorized use or disclosure. If you do not want Syngenta to share your personal data with third parties under these strictly controlled conditions, please notify us [via our Webmaster](mailto:global.webmaster@syngenta.com).

**Data Integrity and Security.**   Syngenta will take commercially reasonable measures to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of personal data in our databases and to protect the security of our databases. We keep your personal data only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal reporting or document retention requirements. Our servers and our databases are protected by industry standard security technology, such as industry standard firewalls and password protection. The employees who have access to personal data have been trained to handle such data properly and in accordance with our security protocols. Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alternation or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.

**Data Access and Corrections.**   You may wish to access or correct personal data collected through this Site by [approaching our Data Privacy Officer](mailto:privacy.officer@syngenta.com). Please provide enough information to permit us to identify your personal data. We will respond to your requests in a prompt and proper manner. Requests to correct or delete personal data are subject to any applicable legal reporting or document retention obligations imposed on Syngenta.

**Children.**   SSyngenta does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of eighteen. If you are under eighteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to Syngenta, please contact us [via our Data Privacy Officer](mailto:privacy.officer@syngenta.com), and we will endeavour to delete these personal data from our databases.

**Hyperlink to Other Sites.**   This Privacy Statement applies only to [www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/). SSyngenta and its affiliates operate many different types of Web sites for different purposes and in different countries where different laws may apply. If you visit another Web site operated by Syngenta or its affiliates, please take a moment to review the privacy statement posted on that site to learn what personal data may be collected through that site and how it is processed.

[www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/) contains hyperlinks to Web sites that are not operated by Syngenta or one of its affiliates. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party Web sites or any association with their operators. Syngenta does not control these Web sites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any Site you visit before using the Site or providing any personal data about yourself.

**Questions About Our Privacy Statement.**   If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or concerns about the way [www.Syngenta.com](http://www.syngenta.com/) processes your personal data, please notify us [via our Data Privacy Officer](mailto:privacy.officer@syngenta.com). 
