> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the synthasite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061128105028id_/http%3A//synthasite.com/privacy-policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## How we ensure your privacy

**Synthasite** created this website privacy policy ("privacy policy") in order to ensure the confidence of visitors and customers of our website (the "site"). This privacy policy seeks to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy.

### Types of information collected :

**Traffic Data Collected:**

We may automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our site, including your:

  * IP address
  * Domain server
  * Type of computer
  * Type of web browser; and
  * Other types of anonymous electronic data automatically generated by the computer system, (collectively "traffic data").



Traffic data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes, or for improving your experience on the site. We may also use "cookies" to customize content specific to your interests, and to store certain information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the site.

### Uses of Personal Information Collected

We may use contact data to send you information about our company or our products or services, or to contact you when necessary. We use your financial data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services, and to bill you for products and services. We may use your demographic data to customize and tailor your experience on the site; displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences. Please note, this site is not designed for, nor is it intended for, use by anyone under the age of 18. We will not knowingly collect or share personal information on site users under the age of 18. 

### Sharing of Personal Information

It is our policy not to share demographic data with advertisers and other third parties. 

### User Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal Information

You may choose not to provide us with any personal information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the site; however you will not be able to use those portions of the site that require your personal information. 

### Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information

Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, we will keep your personal information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to:

  * Comply with a court order or other legal process;
  * Protect our rights or property; or
  * Enforce our Terms of Service.



Your personal information is stored on secure servers that are designed to limit unauthorized access to your personal information.

### Other Limits to Your Privacy

The site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 

### Updates and Changes to the Privacy Policy

We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this privacy policy. We may do simply by posting such change, update or modification on the site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site.

Your continued use of this site constitutes your acceptance of such change, update or modification.
