> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blackbookmag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209154921id_/http%3A//www.bbook.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BlackBook

The Company is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We provide this notice (the “Privacy Policy”) to explain the type of information we collect on this Website and how that information is used.

When visiting this Website, you may be asked questions the answers to which are collected on an aggregate basis (i.e., the answers will not be stored in a manner that identifies them with you personally) and these questions will be identified as such on this Website. In all other instances, you should assume that we will track any information you provide on a personally identifiable basis.

When you register and/or set up a profile, enter a sweepstakes or contest, or complete a survey on this Website, we might use the contact information provided to provide you with content from our site, announce special offers, services and other announcements from our Website or our selected business partners. You may, at any time, elect to remove yourself from these emails. Additionally, we might request you to elect to receive information and updates from our subsidiaries, affiliates, business partners, advertisers and parent companies and any of their related businesses.

Registration may be required to be eligible to enter online contests or sweepstakes. The Company may use the information you provide when registering to fulfill prizes, which may include disclosure to third party entities that assist with such fulfillment, and for other marketing and promotional purposes related to the contests or sweepstakes as disclosed on the rules applicable to a particular contest or sweepstakes.

We use return email addresses to answer the email that we receive, and we may use return email to send you other information. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose.

In addition to information that you provide us voluntarily, the Company may collect aggregate information in the form of IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you request a page from this Website, our servers log your IP address and certain other information, such as browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, data/time stamp, and clickstream data. We do not link this automatically-collected data to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, the automatically-collected data will not reveal to us any personally identifiable information about you.

Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored in your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering the information that you have already provided to us. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you. The use of cookies is an industry standard. Some of our business partners also use cookies to provide us with anonymous data and information regarding the use of our Website. At your option, you may block cookies or delete cookies from your hard drive. However, by disabling cookies, you may not have access to the entire set of features of this Website.

We may use information collected from you in the following ways:

  * We may use information for internal marketing analysis, for example, to assess trends amongst our consumers or to measure the amount of traffic to our websites. We may also share non-personal information with others, such as advertisers, in aggregate anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain any personally identifiable information about you.
  * We may use your personal information in order to respond to your queries and requests and to manage transactions such as credit card payments for any goods that you order from us or any of our agents, or for the fulfillment of such transactions (e.g., delivery). The personal information you provide may be used by an authorized vendor to fulfill that order. We may also use your personal information in order to communicate with you about our products and services and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies and any of their related businesses.
  * We may arrange for selected organizations to send you marketing and promotional information that may be of interest to you. In such circumstances your personal information may be disclosed to these organizations who will agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy statement. We will obtain your permission before we send you any such communications.
  * Information that you post on or through the public areas of this Website (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards, and discussion groups, blogs) are generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of this Website are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves in public or interactive areas.
  * In the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, we may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
  * We may transfer your personal information to third parties under confidentiality obligations when the performance of any service in relation to the activities above is sub-contracted (e.g., the administration of a marketing campaign).
  * We may disclose your personal information if permitted by law or required to do so by law or where we believe such action is necessary in order to protect or defend our interests or the interests of our customers or users of this Website.



Our policies and procedures limit access to personal information to those with a business reason to know such information. We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot represent, warrant, or guarantee that communications between you and us, or personal information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties, loss, misuse, or alterations. The Company disclaims liability for personal information submitted through this Website. Users are hereby advised that they submit such personal information at their own risk.

This Website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites. Additionally, this Website may include functionality that allows integration with third party sites, such as Twitter, Facebook or other social networks. We may allow you to share selected with those third party sites, and you may be permitted to export information concerning your use of this Website to such third party sites. Some of those third party services may provide us with your information to enhance and personalize your use of this Website. If you submit your credentials (e.g., username and password) for a third party website or service during your registration for this Website or in connection with updating your user profile, we may receive your information from such third party website or service. The Company encourages you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced sites you enter. These third party websites may send their own cookies to you, log your IP address, and otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. THE COMPANY DOES NOT CONTROL AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT THIRD PARTIES DO IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR WEBSITES, OR HOW THEY HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION AND CONSULT THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON EACH THIRD PARTY WEBSITE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.

We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time that you visit our Website (if you choose), and for other purposes. We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information (not including your name, address, email address or phone number) when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit [ **http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp**](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

You may request that we provide you the information we hold about you, update your information, or ask us to remove your information or correct any inaccuracies in such personal data by sending an email to [info@bbook.com](mailto:info@bbook.com) We will use reasonable efforts to deal with your request within a reasonable time.

This Website may include a referral service that allows you to tell a friend about this Website or certain content on this Website by submitting your friend’s name and email address to us. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit this Website. The Company stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [info@bbook.com](mailto:info@bbook.com) to request that we remove this information from our database.

By using this Website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website or submit any personally identifiable information to the Company.

Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the collection of information, please email us at [info@bbook.com](mailto:info@bbook.com). If you wish to request that we provide you the information we hold about you, update that information or correct any information, please contact us at [info@bbook.com](mailto:info@bbook.com).

Please note: The laws and regulations in different countries impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and data protection. The servers that make this Website available worldwide are located in the United States of America. All matters relating to this Website are governed by the laws of the state of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. Please note that any information you provide will be transferred to the United States of America and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer.

We reserve the right to change the Terms and Conditions, including the Privacy Policy, at any time. Please review the contents of the Terms and Conditions frequently, as the Company may amend it from time to time to reflect changes in its services and its policies relating to data privacy. Amendments will become effective when posted on this Website. The Company will not provide you with a notice of any change in the Terms and Conditions. It is your responsibility to monitor and review any updates to the Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of this Website, or online services provided by the Company, after such posting will be deemed your acceptance of these changes to the Terms and Conditions.
