> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blancgroup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120023136id_/https%3A//blancgroup.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BLANC & ECLARE

This privacy policy governs the manner in which BLANC & ECLARE collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users, and applies to your use of our website located at [http://www.blancgroup.com](http://www.blancgroup.com/).

Please carefully read our privacy policy, because by using the site you consent to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy, effective the date listed above. Please also review our other terms and conditions available, as they govern the use of our website. When used in his privacy policy, “we,” “our,” and similar terms means BLANC & ECLARE, and “you,” “yours,” “user,” “customer” and similar terms refer to you.

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time, as we add new features or services or make other changes. We will try to post any material changes to the privacy policy and/or terms of use on our site at least 30 days prior to their effective date unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect BLANC & ECLARE or our customers, users, sponsors and suppliers. In such cases, the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. By using the site after such changes take effect, and you agree to be legally bound to abide by the revised privacy policy. 

Age Restrictions

You must be 18 years old or older to use this website, including to register with us to receive communications or to make a purchase. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from anyone under the age of 18, we will delete such information from our records. 

Personal Information

In order to use certain features of  the site, you may be asked to provide the following types of personal information:  e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, billing information (credit/debit card number, expiration date, alternate or additional billing information and billing address, and other information we need to collect to process payment), sex, birth date, products purchased, message and gift recipients’ names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses (collectively “personal information”). We collect information through the site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone, and social media applications, including when you place an order, and engage in other activities, services, products, and resources we make accessible to our customers. We need certain information from you to register you, authenticate you, and process your entries and payments. We may collect information you provide to us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled.

Usage Information

In addition to the personal information described above, we also collect data generated by your usage of this site “(“usage data”) that may or may not be associated with an individual’s identity. We treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this privacy policy. Similarly, under some local laws, certain usage data, such as IP addresses, are considered personal information. To the extent such local laws apply, we also treat the required usage data as personal information. Otherwise, usage data is not treated as personal information. 

Why we collect your information

We collect personal information that you give us in order to: provide information to you about BLANC & ECLARE and our products and services; provide other information from us and our third party marketing partners; respond to your requests for information; process online purchases and payments you request; authenticate registered customers; and for our own internal marketing and product development purposes. 

How we use and may disclose your information

BLANC & ECLARE will not use, sell or release any personal information to third parties except as described in this policy. We reserve the right to use or disclose any information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. While we take reasonable precautions to protect confidential information and provide suitable security, we do not guarantee that stored information or transmitted through the internet is secure, or that such transmissions will be free from delay, interruption, interception or error.

Personal Information

Anyone providing us their personal information grants BLANC & ECLARE the right to use their information internally without restrictions for the purposes of, but not limited to, research, marketing, and content and lead development. We use certain information from you to register you, authenticate you, and process your entries and payments, even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. We may send you email regarding current products or projects, services and updates to the site; important changes in our terms and privacy policy; press release and announcements concerning the products services we provide. By providing us your e-mail address, you consent to the receipt of such materials. 

Usage Data

We use site usage data to develop, manage, and improve the website, and to understand how our website is used. Sometimes we may aggregate site usage data with personal information from registered customers, and may use that information to help resolve problems, analyze usage, or provide you with information about products and services we offer. We may use aggregate anonymous usage data to track use trends and thereby improve our website. We may also use this aggregated, anonymous information to develop reports that we may share with third-party marketing partners and customers. 

Third Parties

Third parties that are providing services to us may collect, or assist us in collecting, either personal information or usage data. We endeavor to require that such third parties treat such personal information and usage data in compliance with this privacy policy.

Disclosure to certain third parties 

BLANC & ECLARE may share information we collect with our third parties partners and service providers so that they can assist use in providing our products and services to you. BLANC & ECLARE may disclose any information we have about you if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in correction with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the website, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with BLANC & ECLARE’s rights or property, or the rights or property of users of the website. BLANC & ECLARE reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that BLANC & ECLARE deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or request. BLANC & ECLARE also may disclose your information when BLANC & ECLARE determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes. We may also disclose information collected on this site, including personal information, to third parties as required or permitted by law or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate. 

Third party links

We and other users of this website may provide links to unrelated third-party websites as well as links to websites owned and operated by entities with which we have contractual relationships. Such third party services accessible via our website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s terms & conditions and privacy policy prior to use. BLANC & ECLARE is not responsible for the protection of the information you provide to other websites. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information on other websites, such information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited communications.  

Advertisements on other sites 

Advertisements for our products and services may appear on third party websites around the internet. Some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online.  This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest – based or online behavioral advertising. It is generally not based upon your personal information, but rather, upon your online activities. We do not control such third party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. 

How to limit the use of personal information

If you prefer not to have personal information collected from you (other than when making a purchase on our website), or to set your preferences concerning promotional communications, please follow the directions below.  In addition, any promotional or marketing email we send to you will include a link to our privacy policy and a link to use to opt out of receiving further promotional emails from us. If you prefer that we not share personal information provided by you with third parties for promotional and marketing purposes, please let us know by emailing us as described below and identity the personal information that do not wish us to share. We will process your instruction as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law.

Email us: [info@blancgroup.com](mailto:info.english@blancgroup.com) from the email address which you wish to have removed and include your postal mailing address in the message; or 

Write us:

c/o BLANC GROUP LIMITED  
Suite 1502,   
43 Lyndhurst terrace,   
Central, Hong Kong

Contact us:

To contact us with your questions or comments, please email us at [info@blancgroup.com](mailto:info.english@blancgroup.com).
