> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blazepizza.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608042514id_/http%3A//www.blazepizza.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Blaze Pizza

This Privacy Policy outlines the type of Personal Information that is collected by **Blaze Pizza, LLC ("Blaze Pizza")** from consumers and how we use and protect it. This Policy applies to **Blaze Pizza Web site and to Blaze Pizza collection of data** through printed promotional materials such as customer comment cards, sweepstakes entry forms, or other mail-in offers and telephone calls to **Blaze Pizza**. It does not apply to sweepstakes or promotions sponsored by third parties in which **Blaze Pizza** participates. By providing **Blaze Pizza** with Personal Information, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted here. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not provide any Personal Information. If you choose not to provide Personal Information, you may not be able to do certain things like enter contests or send us e-mail. As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means personally identifiable information such as name, street address, telephone number, credit card information, screen name and email address.

When you provide us with Personal Information, you are authorizing us to use that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. When you supply us with your Personal Information we will use it for the purpose for which it was collected and may use it to send you periodic communication or promotional offers.

At times we may retain third parties to analyze data we collect, including Personal Information, solely to help us improve our products and our Web site. In addition, if you order a product or service from us, we may provide Personal Information to suppliers and other third parties to enable delivery of such product or service. These third parties are not authorized by us to use your Personal Information in any other way. **Blaze Pizza does not sell Personal Information.** Please note that we will release your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order. We are constantly trying to improve how we promote our Web site. To help us do this, we may measure the effectiveness of our web presence by determining what you clicked on to get to our site. Site measurement statistics may be used to personalize your Web site experience, as well as to evaluate statistics about usage of the Web site. Information about your computer may also be collected and linked to your Personal Information. This is to ensure that our Web site presents the best web experience for visitors, and that they are an effective information resource.

Also, you may have heard of "cookies," which are files or pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. At this time, **Blaze Pizza** only uses cookies to make your experience while surfing our site better. Cookies expire after each user session.

We take reasonable precautions to keep your Personal Information secure. All personally identifiable information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorized access, modification or misuse. Blaze Pizza reserves the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our discretion. We will post any new policy here and we encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy Please write or email us at:

**Blaze Pizza, LLC**  
35 N Lake Ave., Suite 710  
Pasadena, CA 91101  

