> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mapsmagic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528152117id_/http%3A//wpvideomagic.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR ANY SERVICES OFFERED AT THE SITE.

      Types of Information that WPVideoMagic.com Collects  
WPVideoMagic.com collects two different types of information from You when You use the Site.   We collect certain types of personally identifiable information from You (“Personal Information”) when You register a member or affiliate account (“Account”). We also collect certain non- personally identifiable, aggregate information from visitors to our Site regardless of whether they create or sign in to an Account (“Traffic Data”).

 Personal Information  
In order to create an Account You will have to provide Personal Information that may include:  
a.       name  
b.      address  
c.       telephone number  
d.      billing information (such as a credit card number)  
e.       the type of personal computer being used to access the services  
f.       payment and tax withholding information

 Your Personal Information is used to manage Your Account and is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances. In compliance with applicable laws, it is our policy to require only the Personal Information necessary to manage Your Account and enable You to participate in our programs (as applicable, the “Program”). WPVideoMagic.com does not condition Your participation in any specific activity on our Site on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary. 

 Traffic Data  
WPVideoMagic.com may also use certain web technologies such as “cookies” to track Your use of our Site. Your browser may have an option that allows You to reject cookies, but doing so may limit Your use of our Site.  Usage Information is anonymous and does not personally identify You.  In addition, WPVideoMagic.com may use web beacons or other tools to measure the effectiveness of, and otherwise manage, our online advertising.  These web beacons enable our advertising server to recognize You when You visit the Site and to determine which banner ads bring users to the Site.  WPVideoMagic.com does not use spyware, adware or any other similarly intrusive software.  The Usage Information that WPVideoMagic.com collects depends on how You choose to use this Site. 

 Use of Your Information  
WPVideoMagic.com may use Your Personal Information to manage Your Account, such as responding to Your email inquiries or providing You with voluntary customer surveys to helps us to improve the types of products and services we offer to You.  In addition, WPVideoMagic.com may use Traffic Data to deliver tailored advertisements or joint ventures. For instance, an advertiser or joint venture company tells us the audience they want to reach and provides us an advertisement tailored to the audience. Based upon the aggregated and non-identifying information we have collected, we may then display or send the advertisement to the intended audience. Additionally, WPVideoMagic.com may share non-identifying and aggregate information (except as described above), but not Personal Information, with third parties to administer certain co-branded products or services. WPVideoMagic.com does not share Your Personal Information with these advertisers or joint venture companies unless You have provided Your permission beforehand. In these instances, You will be notified before any such data is collected or transferred and may decide not to use that particular service or feature. Finally, WPVideoMagic.com may take the information collected in response to customer surveys and combine (or aggregate) it with the responses of other customers to create broader, generic responses to the survey questions (such as gender, age, residence, hobbies, education, employment, industry sector, or other demographic information). This aggregated, non-personally identifying information may be shared with third parties.

 Third Party Websites  
The Site may be hyper-linked to other sites which are not maintained by, or related to, WPVideoMagic.com.  If You opt to provide information to such web sites, for example, to purchase products and services or register to receive materials, such as a newsletter, catalog or new product and service updates, please be aware that  WPVideoMagic.com has no control over the third parties' use of any personal information You provide when placing such an order. Please exercise care when doing so and carefully review such website’s privacy policies before providing any information.  If You provide information about someone else, such as a person’s name, address, and phone number, please be aware that such provision may be prohibited by certain laws and that You, and not WPVideoMagic.com, are solely responsible for doing so.

     Contests  
From time to time, subject to any rules provided at the Site at such time, You may be provided with the opportunity to be entered in a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion simply by making a purchase from WPVideoMagic.com or by providing WPVideoMagic.com with personally identifiable information for some other reason or purpose. In such event,  WPVideoMagic.com may have to supply personally identifiable information of the winners to the third parties such as the entity administering the sweepstakes or contest, so that they can notify the winners

 Exclusions  
WPVideoMagic.com may disclose Personal Information for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to credit agencies, collection agencies, merchant database agencies, law enforcement, or to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms Of Service, or other user policies; or to protect our company and our members. We may sell or buy other businesses or entities.  In such event, WPVideoMagic.com may transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control  In such transactions, Your Personal Information may be included in the transferred business assets.  Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, WPVideoMagic.com may not be able to control how Your Personal Information is treated, transferred, or used and Your Personal Information may be included in the transferred assets. 

 Information-Sharing Disclosures  
Under the laws of some jurisdictions, You may be entitled to request disclosure regarding how WPVideoMagic.com shares Your Usage Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes (“Information-Sharing Disclosure”). To the extent required by applicable law, WPVideoMagic.com shall provide the Information-Sharing Disclosure to You upon rightful request made in writing to [admin@WPVideoMagic.com](mailto:admin@WPVideoMagic.com) and please include the phrase " Privacy Request" and Your State of residence in the subject line, the domain name of the Site You are inquiring about, along with Your name, address and email address. If You are entitled to such Information-Sharing Disclosure, WPVideoMagic.com will respond to You within thirty days of receiving such a request.

     Our Company Commitment to Children's Privacy.  
Protecting children's privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws.  Therefore WPVIDEOMAGIC.COM restricts our Site to persons eighteen years or older. YOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS THIS SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THIS SITE FOR ANY REASON.  DUE TO THE AGE RESTRICTIONS FOR USE OF THIS SITE, NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THIS SITE, FALLS WITHIN THE CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) AND IS NOT MONITORED AS DOING SO.

 Public Forums  
Please remember that any information You may disclose in any public areas of the Site becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas. WPVideoMagic.com cannot and will not be liable or responsible for any disclosure of any information You publish in a public area of the Site.

     Our Commitment to Data Security:  
WPVideoMagic.com takes reasonable precautions and has implemented reasonable technical measures intended to protect against the risks of unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, and unlawful interception of Your Personal Information, including by requiring our payment processor to comply with applicable laws and industry standards and by employing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology supported by most versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator and other popular browsers.  Once Your Personal Information is received by WPVideoMagic.com, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to Your Personal Information about You to those employees and service providers whom WPVideoMagic.com determines need access to that Personal Information to complete Your request and/or other provide offers or opportunities that may be of interest to You.  However, even after WPVideoMagic.com receives Your Personal Information, WPVideoMagic.com cannot guarantee that Your Personal Information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our commercially reasonable efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control.  Also, please be aware that Your email transmissions and/or other communications to WPVideoMagic.com containing Personal Information may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or this Site may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors.  Accordingly, WPVideoMagic.com cannot and does not guarantee that Your Personal Information is completely secure and safe from such risks.  FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ENSURING, GUARANTEEING OR OTHERWISE OFFERING ANY DEFINITIVE PROMISE OF SECURITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, PERSONAL INFORMATION OR USAGE INFORMATION.

     Where to Direct Questions About Our Privacy Policy  
If You have any questions about this Policy or the practices described herein, You may contact us through the contact information provided on this Site.

 Revisions to This Policy   
From time to time, WPVideoMagic.com may revise this Policy.  To help You stay current of any changes, WPVideoMagic.com takes the following two steps: (i) we note the date the Policy was last updated below and (ii) when we make a change to the Policy, we will post conspicuous announcements of such changes on the homepage of the Site for 30 days following the date the Policy was updated.  Your use of the Site following the posting of any revised Policy shall be deemed acceptance of the revised Policy.  We strongly recommend checking the Policy periodically.  We may also, at our sole discretion and with no obligation to do so, provide notices and other communications to You by email or by postings within Your Account.  You will be solely responsible for keeping Your email addresses updated and we will not be responsible for any undelivered notices caused by Your failure to do so.

     Last updated: November 18, 2010
