> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mamabargains.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150914214102id_/https%3A//www.psiadoreyou.com/index.php%3Froute%3Dinformation/information%26information_id%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

P.S. I Adore You, LLC, a Utah limited liability company ("P.S. I Adore You") provides a variety of online services, including an online retail platform for third-party sellers and buyers to negotiate and complete transactions.  Because the success of P.S. I Adore You is dependent on building and maintaining goodwill with our vendors third-party buyers, we are committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of those using our services.  Moreover, we see it as our responsibility to help set an example and establish the standards for privacy on the Internet.

Although P.S. I Adore You respects the privacy of all those who visit our web site and use our online services, we do collect information from our vendors and visitors.  This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the P.S. I Adore You web site, and your registration for and use of P.S. I Adore You's online services.  Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service and other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about out vendors, buyers and visitors without their permission.

Please note that P.S. I Adore You reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices are, therefore, subject to change.  We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy.  To contact P.S. I Adore You about privacy issues, to report a violation of our Privacy Policy or to raise any other issue, please e-mail us at [support@psiadoreyou.com](mailto:support@psiadoreyou.com).

**The Information We Gather.**

P.S. I Adore You gathers two types of information about users:

  1. **Non-personally identifiable information:** When visitors come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of the web site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which hyperlinks were "clicked."  Collecting such information involves the logging of the IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the P.S. I Adore You web site.  Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from an IP address a visitor™s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.



We also use "cookies" ” that is, small text files placed on a user™s computer hard drive ” to help us determine the type of content and sites to which a visitor to the P.S. I Adore You site links, the length of time each visitor spends at any particular area of the P.S. I Adore You site and the P.S. I Adore You services visitors choose to use.  Cookies also tell us which advertising a visitor has seen on our site.  Essentially, cookies are a visitor™s identification card for the P.S. I Adore You computers, or servers, that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus.  Cookies allow P.S. I Adore You to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at P.S. I Adore You™s web site.  Nevertheless, you should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser.  For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser.

  1. **Personally identifiable information:** In certain areas of the P.S. I Adore You web site “ for example, when registering to become an P.S. I Adore You vendor “ we require that you provide us with personally identifiable information (including, for example, first name, surname, street address, email address, telephone number and, when applicable, credit card information). 



We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children (defined herein as minors younger than eighteen years of age) without obtaining parental consent.  Before registering for membership with P.S. I Adore You, we ask that children have their parents read our Privacy Policy.  Before and during the registration process, we encourage children to include a parent or guardian in the process.

P.S. I Adore You does not control the acts of its vendors, sellers, buyers or visitors.  All vendors and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board, chat room, guestbook or other forum, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside P.S. I Adore You.  In the event that you encounter any P.S. I Adore You user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact [support@psiadoreyou.com](mailto:support@psiadoreyou.com).

**How We Use (and Do Not Use) the Information We Gather** **.**

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways P.S. I Adore You uses the information that it gathers.  Keep in mind that, while P.S. I Adore You encourages all third parties involved “ including but not limited to its affiliates and advertisers “ to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and vendors and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from P.S. I Adore You or independently.  Nevertheless, in the event that you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with, P.S. I Adore You who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact [support@psiadoreyou.com](mailto:support@psiadoreyou.com); we will be happy to forward your message to the third party.

  1. **Non-personally identifiable information:** P.S. I Adore You uses non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our vendors and visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the P.S. I Adore You web site.  We provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, affiliates and other current and potential business partners.  We also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites.



The P.S. I Adore You web site contains links to other Internet web sites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites which may or may not be owned or operated by P.S. I Adore You.  Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, including such sites™ use of any information (such as IP number, browser type or operating system) collected when visitors to the P.S. I Adore You web site click through links to those sites.  Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those sites.

**Personally identifiable information:**   P.S. I Adore You provides notice to potential P.S. I Adore You registrants that personally identifiable information will be collected during the registration process.  Such notice is provided simultaneously with your P.S. I Adore You registration; moreover, this Privacy Policy itself serves as notice that such information is collected under those circumstances.  Although you may not "opt out" of the registration process if you wish to become a P.S. I Adore You vendor, you may choose to "opt out" of receiving promotional materials from P.S. I Adore You and/or its affiliates, advertisers or other business partners.  If you do not "opt out" of receiving such promotional materials, P.S. I Adore You reserves the right to release any personally identifiable registration information regarding you to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  We will not release your credit card information to third parties unless necessary to complete a transaction between you and such a third party.  If you decide that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional information from such third parties, please contact those third parties directly, or contact P.S. I Adore You at [support@psiadoreyou.com](mailto:support@psiadoreyou.com).

P.S. I Adore You limits its own e-mail solicitations to those who have not "opted out" of receiving such communications.  The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the customer with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature.

In addition, P.S. I Adore You sometimes uses individual data to "target" advertising ” to decide which advertisements and sponsor messages to show to which vendors.  As an example, if Sponsor Co. wishes to display their advertising only to female P.S. I Adore You vendors, P.S. I Adore You uses vendor registration data to ensure that Sponsor Co.™s ads are displayed only to female vendors.

Finally, P.S. I Adore You may use individual vendor™s data to "pre-populate" forms which are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by P.S. I Adore You and/or its sponsors.  In no case does pre-populating a form automatically transfer any data to any advertiser or third party.  Only if the vendor voluntarily requests that such data be transferred will any transfer take place ” for example, if/when a vendor clicks a "submit form" button or other button.

We reserve the right to release information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or vendor when that visitor or vendor is in violation of our Terms of Service or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant or other court order, and to release such information in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and as otherwise required by law.  We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement individuals or entities for investigation or prosecution.

If and when P.S. I Adore You sponsors promotions or sweepstakes, or third parties sponsor promotions or sweepstakes in conjunction with P.S. I Adore You, either P.S. I Adore You or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or registration area for the promotion or sweepstakes.  That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes.

**Changing or Deleting Personal Information; Business Transfers** **.**

If you would like to have your personally identifiable information removed from P.S. I Adore You™s database, please contact us at [support@psiadoreyou.com](mailto:support@psiadoreyou.com), and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within P.S. I Adore You databases, access logs and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however, P.S. I Adore You reserves the right, from time to time, to recontact former customers or users of P.S. I Adore You.

In addition, we may sell or transfer assets or portions of our business as we continue to improve our product and service offerings.  In such transactions, user or visitor information (whether non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) may constitute one of the transferred business assets.

**Questions?**

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to P.S. I Adore You at [support@psiadoreyou.com](mailto:support@psiadoreyou.com).
