> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mamagoesbam.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214184406id_/http%3A//mamagoesbam.com/contact-me/disclosure-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure and Privacy Policy | mama goes BAM

## Disclosure

This policy is valid from 22 April 2013

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact mamagoesbam@gmail.com.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

## Privacy Policy

We take your privacy very seriously and this Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Mama goes BAM collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the Mama Goes BAM website. This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Mama goes BAM.

We may collect information from you for the purposes of:

  * Improving our site, 
  * Running a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature
  * Sending periodic email



We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. 

## Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.

**Third party websites**

Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. 

Mama goes BAM has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. 

****If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at mamagoesbam@gmail.com

This document was last updated on April 22, 2013 

## Copyright Notice

© Ghada Vanderpool and Mama Goes BAM, 2011-2013. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Ghada Vanderpool and [Mama Goes BAM](http://mamagoesbam.com/) with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.

  
  

