> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mamiverse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629222256id_/http%3A//mamiverse.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Mamiverse

Privacy policy: Mamiverse Media LLC (“we”, “us”, “our”) has created this Privacy Policy for [mamiverse.com](http://mamiverse.com/) (the “Website”) in order to clearly communicate our commitment to your privacy. You should periodically monitor our Privacy Policy for any changes as we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notifying you.  Using the Website demonstrates your consent to our collection and use of information pursuant to this Privacy Policy, and continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of such changes. This Privacy Policy governs the use of your name, e-mail address and similar personal information that you may provide us in the course of using the Website. **Personal Information We Collect.** We collect personal information to enhance our users’ experience on the Website.  We may use personal information to: 

> (i)    Offer announcements, newsletters, products and services that may be of interest to you; (ii)    Customize the content that you see on the Website; (iii)    Facilitate use of the Website; (iv)    Manage your account and your preferences; (v)    Analyze use of and improve the Website, products and services; (vi)    Identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of the Website; and (vii)    Enforce our Terms of Use.

**Personal Information Shared With Third Parties.   ** We will not share your personal information with others except as indicated below, or except when we inform you in advance and give you the opportunity to opt out.  We may share personal information with third parties in limited circumstances, such as complying with legal requirements; preventing fraud; protecting the personal safety of our users; or when a user is believed to be in violation of the Terms of Use and/or any state, federal and/or international laws and/or regulations.  It should be noted that we use the services of companies such as Google Analytics to measure demographic information pertaining to our website traffic; however, no personally identifiable information is used to compile such information. **E-mail Announcements and Newsletters.** We may use e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters.  Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By creating a “Member” account with us you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe from receiving our e-mails at any time by sending an email to [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#4c25222a230c212d21253a293e3f29622f2321). **Security.   ** Although we carefully select our third party service providers, advertisers and other affiliates, we are sensitive to the privacy and security of your personal information, and intend to safeguard such information.  However we and our third party service providers, advertisers and other affiliates cannot guarantee absolute security against unauthorized access to your personal information. Such information may be transmitted through or using the Internet, other public telecommunications networks, servers, hardware and software (“Systems”) that are not owned, operated, or controlled by us, and we make no assurances that such information will remain private when transmitted by us through such Systems.  Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications are inaccessible to so-called “hackers.” **Cookies.** We collect certain information about how visitors and users to the Website use the Website by using technology called “cookies,” which are informational markers that a Website transfers to an individual’s hard-drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can enhance your online experience by automatically saving your preferences. We use cookies to provide you with a better online experience.  The information collected through the use of cookies allows us to know at what times and for how long you logged on to the Website, so that we may try to understand how to best serve your needs.  If you object to the use of cookies for any reason, you may set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which gives you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it.  Please note that if you decline to receive cookies, you may have difficulty in using certain features of the Website. Materials Posted on Portions of the Website Available to the General Audience. We are not liable to you or any third parties for information posted on our messaging services, chat services, bulletin boards, message boards, blogs, or other forums available on or through the Website.  We provide such tools for interaction to enhance the user experience and build a healthy forum for the exchange of ideas.  You acknowledge that should you use such tools to interact with others on the Website, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties other than us.  THEREFORE WE STRONGLY URGE YOU NOT TO POST TO THE WEBSITE ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, SUCH AS YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS.  Although we use security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in either the public or password-protected areas of the Website, and we will not be liable to you for any user or other visitor’s disclosure of your personal information on the Website.  For members belonging to “Club Mami” wishing to exchange personally identifiable information as a means of social networking, we urge you to exercise proper judgment and discretion when doing so. **Children & Minors.  ** The Website is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to children.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  Should a person whom we know to be a child under age 13 send personal information to us, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible.  For children over 13 and under 18 (or under the applicable age of majority in the state, province or territory in which you live), we urge you to check with your parents before entering information on any website, and we urge parents to discuss with their children restrictions regarding the online release of personal information to anyone they don’t know. **Disputes.   ** Disputes regarding our Privacy Policy are handled by our customer service team with the highest concern for your privacy.  Should you have any dispute regarding your privacy under our Privacy Policy please contact our customer service team at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#aec7c0c8c1eec3cfc3c7d8cbdcddcb80cdc1c3). **Third Party Links.   ** The Website may contain links to Websites that we do not own or control.  We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party sites.  When linking to a third party site please be sure to review that Terms of Use and Privacy Policy applicable to that site since they may be different from those governing our Website. **Website Ownership.   ** The Website is owned by Mamiverse Media LLC.  For more information about us or the Website, please visit the “Contact Us” section of the Website. **California Residents.   ** Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents have a right to request certain information from each business they patronize regarding that business’ disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Generally, if a business has disclosed personal information regarding its California customers to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, the business is required to provide, upon request and free of charge, a list of the names and addresses of all such third parties, together with a list of the categories of personal information that was disclosed.  Should you require such information from us, please direct all such requests by email to our customer service at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)  If you do not want your name and contact information to be shared with any company or organization, you may notify us at the above email address. 
