> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mammut.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160308101157id_/http%3A//www.mammut.ch/US/en_US/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Mammut

  1. [Home](https://web.archive.org/US/en_US/)
  2. [Legal]()
  3. Privacy Policy


  1. Privacy Policy
  2. [Legal]()
  3. [Home](https://web.archive.org/US/en_US/)



Mammut Sports Group AG takes data protection issues very seriously and shall only collect, process and use your personal information in compliance with the principles set out below and taking into consideration the applicable data protection laws.

##### A. Responsible Body

  1. The body responsible for the collection, processing and usage of your personal information within the meaning of the Federal Data Protection Act is Mammut Sports Group AG, Birren 5 CH- 5703 Seon, Switzerland ("Mammut").



##### B. Collection and Storage of Personal Information

  1. Personal information shall be all details relating to a specific or identifiable individual. This shall include, for example, your name, your phone number and your postal and email addresses.  
 
  2. We will only collect personal information that you voluntarily disclose to us.  
 
  3. The personal information disclosed by you (title, name, address, email address, phone number) shall be lawfully saved in accordance with the provisions of the data protection legislation. Your data will of course be treated as confidential.



##### C. Cookies

  1. Our website uses cookies to simplify the use of the website. Cookies are alphanumeric text files that enable recognition of your computer when you visit the site again. User names and preferences can be provided so that you do not have to enter your details again. The most commonly used cookies are so-called session cookies which are deleted once you close your browser. Some are stored on your computer permanently. Such permanent cookies enable the website to recognize your computer when you visit the site again.  
 
  2. Cookies are harmless. They do not damage your computer and do not contain any viruses or malicious software. You can disable the use of cookies in your browser, however. Detailed instructions of how to do so can be found in our cookie guidelines. However, disabling cookies may mean that certain features and uses of the website do not work fully or in the normal manner.



##### D. Anonymous User Analysis with Google Analytics

  1. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, text files that are stored on your computer, to enable analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and is saved there.  
IP anonymization is active on the Mammut website. This means that your IP address is first shortened by Google in member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the complete IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to assess your use of the website, compile reports about website activities and also to provide the website operator with services associated with use of the website and Internet use. The IP address transferred from your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You may block the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; we would like to point out, however, that doing so will mean that you may not be able to use all of the features of this website to their full extent.

You are also able to prevent the data generated by cookies and about your use of the website (including your IP address) from being submitted to Google and furthermore prevent Google from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: [tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).




##### E. Right to Inspect, Correct, Block or Delete

  1. In accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act, you are entitled to inspect the data stored about you free of charge and, where applicable, to correct, block or delete such data.  
 
  2. Your information will be deleted if you have not expressly consented to the further processing and usage of your data. You may revoke your consent to the collection, processing and use of your information at any time with effect for the future.  
 
  3. In the event of further queries regarding data protection and the processing of your personal data, for information or to exercise your right of correction, blocking or deletion, or to revoke your consent, please contact info@mammut.ch by email. A simple email will suffice for this. Alternatively, you may also register your concerns as "Questions for the webmaster" under Contact at [www.mammut.ch/contact](http://www.mammut.ch/contact).



##### F. Other

  1. Mammut Sports Group AG hereby reserves the right to amend these data protection provisions from time to time.  
 
  2. These data protection provisions shall be governed by Swiss law with the exclusion of the provisions concerning the conflict of laws.  
 



Last updated on 12.08.2014
