> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 311.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150531094309id_/http%3A//www.311.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

| If the entrant indicates that he/she wants to receive additional information from Sponsor and/or third parties designated by Sponsor, such “opt-in” registration information may be used for marketing, advertising, or other uses. However, if a visitor at anytime chooses to no longer receive such information and opt-out from any future mailings, they should simply follow the directions for opting out included in any e-mail sent to them.Sponsor may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena or other legal or administrative process. We may also disclose this information if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms of service or to protect the safety of our users and the public. Additionally, in the event of bankruptcy Sponsor reserves its right to sell this information as part of a sale of its assets. **Third Party Links**

When you visit “links” on the site, you will be taken to one or more web sites where you may be asked for other personal information by a third party, including credit card information, in the event you decide to purchase merchandise from that ‘store’. Sponsor does not make any representations or warranties as to the use of your credit card or other personal information by such third parties. These “links” are provided for your convenience only. For more information about personal data collected by any such third party we suggest you visit their Privacy Policy Statement. Sponsor does not have any responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Sponsor seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any [ **Feedback**](mailto:info@troikatek.com) on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).

**Your Consent**

By choosing to [opt-in](http://www.311.com/311-mailing-list), you consent to the collection and use of this information by Sponsor. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

**Feedback**

Sponsor welcomes your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please e-mail any and all feedback to[ **info@troikatek.com**](mailto:info@troikatek.com) pertaining to this or any other issue. If you no longer wish to receive email from 311, you may [unsubscribe](http://www.311.com/unsubscribe.php).
