> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doesitgobad.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190806183501id_/https%3A//www.doesitgobad.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Does It Go Bad?

Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on every page of the website.

### Privacy Policy

#### Collection of Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the website or from the website infrastructure itself.

When visiting DoesItGoBad.com, usage data is logged. Usage data includes information such as date and time of access, visited page(s), duration of the visit, and more. This information is used purely to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded data is not linked to personally identifiable information.

#### Collection of Personal Data

We do not collect any personal data except the data you share with us when you add a comment.

#### Comments

When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: <https://automattic.com/privacy/>. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

#### How long we retain your data

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

#### What rights you have over your data

If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

#### Where we send your data

Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.

#### Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics (third-party Service Provider) to monitor and analyze the use of our website.

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the [Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the [Google Privacy Terms web page](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).

#### Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.

To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url [google.com/privacy_ads.html](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.

#### Amazon Associates

DoesItGoBad.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.

The website may also use Amazon Native Shopping Ads, which may use cookies. You can read more about Amazon’s privacy policy [here](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496#GUID-1B2BDAD4-7ACF-4D7A-8608-CBA6EA897FD3__SECTION_0D132936501A4AE0A2F8D74426A8A2CA).

#### Links to third party Websites

We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.

#### Changes To this Privacy Statement

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### COOKIE POLICY

#### What’s a cookie?

A “cookie” is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyse traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.

Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.

If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings. You can block cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.

#### How do we use cookies?

We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website in response to what you might need or want.

Please note that Third Party Service Providers mentioned in the Privacy Policy above may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical cookies (e.g. tracking website usage) or targeting cookies (e.g. serving interest-based ads).
