> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the edge.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101129030851id_/http%3A//www.edge.ca/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 102.1 the Edge

CFNY FM respects your privacy and believes the best way to serve you on the Internet is with honesty, accountability and adherence to legal standards. We are sensitive to the issue of privacy and have structured our online activities to maximize your control over the disclosure of your own personally identifiable information. 

This Privacy Policy Statement supplements our general Terms of Service , which you must also read. By using our Web site (the "Site"), you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and by the Terms of Service We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Site, and your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Accordingly, you should check the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy from time to time to keep informed of such amendments, and, if you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please do not register as a user or deregister as a user and exit the Site immediately. 

**Privacy of Children**  
CFNY FM encourages parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children's online activities. We strictly adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly register or otherwise collect personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of that person's parent or guardian. 

**Types of Information collected**   
CFNY FM may collect two types of information: personally identifiable information and aggregated non-personally identifiable information. Personally Identifiable Information will include information such as your name, user name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, age, marital status, income level, education level, intentions, preferences and opinions. CFNY FM does not collect personally identifiable information about an individual except when individuals provide such specific information on a voluntary basis. Aggregated information will include information that is anonymous such as the type of browser you are using or other such non-personally identifiable information. 

**Why is the Information Collected?**   
In order to access some specific features of the Site, you may be required to register or otherwise voluntarily provide personally identifiable information. For example, registration is needed to enter certain contests. You may choose not to provide the personal information, but this may lead to decreased functionality of the Site for you and will prevent us from providing you with certain products or services. However, you can still access and visit many of the Site's features. We also may request you to voluntarily provide personal information that is not required to access features of our site. This information enables CFNY FM to make general improvements to the Site, ensures that content standards of these sections are rigorously upheld, enables us to contact the prize winners and better serve your specific interests. 

CFNY FM may transparently collect non-personally identifiable aggregate information through the use of cookies or by other means. We use this information to assess general usage patterns, including identifying repeat users, collect demographic information, administer and make improvements to the Site to tailor our visitor's experiences at the Site and display content according to their preferences so as to make it more useful to you and other users. CFNY FM, our business partners, and such other third party as we may designate reserve the right to use, maintain, update, disclose and/or sell Aggregate Information to third parties. 

**What We Will and Will Not Do With the Information You Provide**   
CFNY FM uses information generally to compile statistical data, keep in contact with users and provide them with a better interactive experience. CFNY FM may use your information specifically for the following purposes: (i) to improve the content of our Site; (ii) to personalize and/or customize the content and/or layout of our Site for each individual visitor; (iii) to notify visitors about updates to our Site; (iv) to identify our visitors' preferences; (v) to keep you informed about product and services (both ours and third parties') in which you have expressed an interest; (vi) to establish your eligibility for special offers and discounts; (vii) to complete business transactions; (viii) to contact you as part of a promotion; (ix) to allow you to make a posting on the Site; (x) to administer individual accounts; (xi) to provide customer support; (xii) to meet legal requirements; (xiii) to provide Internet security; and/or (xiv) to analyze the collected information. If you have entered and won one of CFNY FM's contests, CFNY FM and / or its sponsors may publish your name and city of residence. 

In the event that we sell a substantial portion of our business assets, our customer information may be among the transferred assets. In such event, the purchaser will inherit the confidentiality obligations posted herein. 

CFNY FM works closely with a number of parties who may perform functions on our behalf, including fulfilling orders, providing music streaming services or other third party content, providing promotional materials to our users, sending e-mail, managing, compiling and processing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. We do not disclose your personally identifiable information to these parties except to the extent necessary to enable them to provide the specific services to you. Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement, we will not disclose your personal information to any third parties unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. In addition, we will not contact you without your permission except as specified above or in connection with the registration process. On the Site, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving e-mails, promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from CFNY FM and/or any third parties or other information from CFNY FM. Please indicate your preferences on the Site accordingly, by checking the appropriate boxes. If you have questions about how your personal information is used, please contact us. 

**Third Party Advertising**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable aggregated information we compile about your visits to this Site in order to provide advertisements on this Site about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Neither CFNY FM nor any third parties will make any attempt to link this anonymous aggregated traffic and other information to the individual visiting our Site. Except as otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, information that personally identifies you will be kept strictly confidential. Any third party promotions and offers will only be made available through us on behalf of the third parties.   


**Cookies**  
When you visit the Site, we or a third-party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. "Cookies" are small text files that identify an individual computer's browser entering the Site. They do not pose a security threat to you. No personal information is stored within the cookies. For example, cookies allow us to track a browser's movement through the Site over several sessions. Through cookies, the Site can recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor's access to and use of the Site and allows the Site to track usage behaviour that will allow content improvement and enable us to tailor our Site to better match your interests and preferences. If you do not want cookies placed on your computer, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Most Internet browsers or other software will allow you to do this. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be severely limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's best features. 

**About Our Forums**   
The Site may, from time-to-time, feature forums (such as message boards and chat rooms) which enable our users to communicate with each other. CFNY FM does not moderate and is not responsible for the content that you or any user posts on any forum on the Site. All personal information you post in a forum becomes public information and may be viewed, collected and used by any visitor to the Site, and may expose you to unsolicited messages. This is beyond our control. Therefore, CFNY FM strongly recommends that you do not post on any forum private information about yourself or other individuals. 

Linking to Our Business Partners' and Third Party Content / Web Sites   
The Site provides on-line music streaming and other third party content. We are not responsible for any such third party content or music that you may access through the Site. The Site also contains links from and to sites operated by our business partners and other independent third parties. Once you leave the Site, you may or may not see a new URL in the location bar. Please review the linked site's and third party content provider's privacy policies, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the policies governing that provider / site, terminate your use of that service or your visit to the site. The linked sites are not under our influence or control, and we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or the content of the sites operated by our business partners or other third parties or the privacy policies and practices or contents of any linked site or subsequent links from that site. 

**How Secure is Your Information**   
Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. We have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your information that we collect and maintain, including contracts with third parties that manage the information provided by you. All personal information is stored on secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled. Only individuals specifically involved in the analysis and other functions set out herein have access to your personally identifiable information. These individuals have been provided the requisite training on our privacy policies and practices.   
To help ensure the privacy of your information, we urge you not to share your user name and password with anyone and recommend that you change your password frequently and store it in a safe place. If you are asked to create a user name or password, please select words that do not personally identify you. We may offer "auto login" which allows users to enter member areas of our site without re-entering password information. You may want to disable auto login on your "Set Up" page if you are not the only person using your computer. 

**Termination**  
Without limiting the foregoing, CFNY FM shall have the right to immediately terminate your access to this Site in the event of any conduct by you which we, in our sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of any of these Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy. 

**Updating / Deleting your Information**   
When collected, CFNY FM enables our users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. To update or delete your information, please go to the Log-In function and update or delete your personal information accordingly from our database. Please note that it may be impossible to delete a user's entry totally without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions. 

  
If you have any concerns about privacy procedures at our Site:   
email us at: : privacy@corusent.com   
write us at: Attn: Privacy, CFNY FM, 72 Fraser Avenue, Suite 200, Toronto, ON, M6K 3J7 

Please make any communications as complete and descriptive as possible, and we will attempt to respond promptly to your concerns. 

  
version 2009.11 
