> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bistromd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110602231519id_/http%3A//www.bistromd.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy by BistroMD

Bistro MD, LLC (“BistroMD”) respects the privacy of every individual and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on the manner in which your personal information obtained through your use of www.bistromd.com or related sites (together, the “Website”) is processed and used on this Website. BistroMD uses your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our Terms and Conditions of Use. Your use of the Website constitutes agreement to its terms and conditions. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected on sites linked to from the Website.

 **Information Collected.** BistroMD collects personal information from you (for example, your name, postal address, email address, and other data) when you provide personal data through our Website. The Website generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), or register for any portion of our services, you are asked to provide information such as your email address, name or phone number. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested. BistroMD does not sell the email addresses of its customers.

 **Third Party Access.** We allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance and search software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. If you choose to purchase items through features on our Website, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. There also may be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose. While your individual information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.

 **Use of Information.** Your information is stored in a secured database and is used for purposes of providing you with information requested by you, providing for a follow up with you in connection with materials you request and as a part of our mailings and solicitations to prospective customers. The information you provide also may be utilized for market research purposes. Please note that all email that originates from us will either display the www.bistromd.com domain name or an affiliated domain name.

 **Unsolicited Email (SPAM).** You should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes “harvest” your email address directly from your computer or another person’s address book or even obtain your email address through programs that automatically search web pages and email traffic for email addresses. BistroMD also may disclose or exchange with others information you have provided to us if we believe that the law requires us to do so or if it is necessary to protect the rights or property of BistroMD, our affiliate companies, our staff, or our users.

 **Information Automatically Collected.  ** In addition, we automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our Website.  For example, like many websites, we use “cookies” and web beacons to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website.  We use this information to monitor the usage and performance of our Website, to enhance our customers’ search and shopping experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.  We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to communicate with you after you have sent us emails. If you send us emails, from time to time we may use information about your preferences and interests to send updates to you about Bistro MD, its services, listing, special offers, or information that may be of interest to you.

If you don not want any cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly.

 **Security.  ** Bistro MD will use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure and not to disclose such information to any third parties. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that may receive the information. Access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. For example, if we need to mail something to you, we must share your name and address with a direct mail company. We limit such third parties in their access and use of your personal information.

 **Linked Web Sites.** Our Website includes links to other websites operated and maintained by separate companies. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.  Those websites may have different privacy policies. If you click through to another website, you should check the privacy policy of that website, which will usually (but not always) be posted on the website. Bistro MD is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.

 **Children.**   This Website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18.  Bistro MD complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 18. This Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website.

 **Changes to Information.** We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address. You may correct your personal information or select the option not to receive future Bistro MD contacts (for example, mailings, calls, etc.) by emailing us at the address below. In the event you elect not to receive any future contacts Bistro MD, we will endeavor to remove your name from all of our contact lists. We shall have no liability under this Privacy Policy for our failure to accomplish this objective.

 **Your Consent.** By using our Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post any changes on this page.

 **IP Address.** Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Website.

If you have other concerns or questions about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you may email us at CustomerService@BistroMD.com.  
  
This website is only for the purpose of providing information and should not be substituted for the advice of your doctor.  
Please consult with your doctor before starting any weight loss program or supplement.
