> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kalibrr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121108154234id_/http%3A//www.kalibrr.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Your privacy is important to us at Kalibrr. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. You agree to agree to these policies by virtue of using our website in a way that leads to you providing us with personal information. 

Please understand that you may have additional rights originating from State laws based on where you live. These State-based rights may augment, strengthen, or otherwise somehow compliment any privacy rights you have inherently or under Federal law. Our policy is to comply fully with the privacy policies of every jurisdiction in which we operate. Accordingly, you are free to use our Contact information to reach us at any time to assert any State rights. Accordingly, you are free to use our Contact information to reach us at any time to assert any State rights. 

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, our website will never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18. 

Under our Terms of Service and Conditions of Use, children under 18 are not allowed to use our website and access our services. It is not our intention to offer products or services to minors. 

When visiting our website, the IP address used to access our website may be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer our website, track users movement, and gather broad demographic information for internal use such as statistical assessments and website improvement. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. 

Other Information may be collected as well by Kalibrr, which is rather typical of most websites. For instance, the source that referred you to our website is generally known. Likewise, your duration on our website, and your destination when you leave our website can also be tracked. Other common data collected includes the type of operating system the computer you are using to access our website has. Similarly, the type of web browser is often noted. Again, this is common data collection, and helps ultimately produce a better end-user experience. 

Cookies are another common internet practice. Cookies are a key means of improving user experience by allows us to customize your use of our website. Simple information is transferred to your computer to allow the content and experience at kalibrr.com to reflect your actions, preferences, and so on. You should simply make the assumption our website uses cookies, and note that you are free to make adjustments in your web browser to disable these or otherwise receive notification of cookies so you can take whatever desired action you so choose. Please understand that refusing cookies may cripple some of our website features and render some aspects useless to you. 

At times, you will be fully aware of information received, as you are the direct source providing it. For instance, you may comment on a blog post, reply to an email (whether broadcast message or autoresponder), provide an email address, complete a survey, requests SMS, or otherwise. Likewise, purchases necessarily involve collecting certain information, such as credit card information, Paypal addresses, your physical address for billing and/or shipping, phone number, and so on. Refusing to provide some of this information may lead to us being unable to provide you with the products or services you've requested. 

A prime example of limited access to our website is where some kalibrr.com content may be protected by a username and password. Whether a username and password is generated by our website, or created by you, these will almost always be connected with some other information related to or connected with you. This is true since much content that is protected on the internet is subscription based, often paid for. Thus, the username and password must necessarily be tied to your other account data. Usernames and passwords, by their very nature, should be kept private. 

Personal information that you provide for the purpose of registering with Kalibrr.com includes but is not limited to: your name, email address, home and work address, mobile phone and land line phone numbers, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers and all information you may supply on your resume. By registering and becoming a member of Kalibbr.com you acknowledge that all your personal information will be made available to Kalibrr.com staff and clients. 

When you apply for a job advertised on Kalibrr.com, your personal information and resume will accessible to the companies to whom you have sent a job application. 

Kalibbr.com is not responsible for the use or privacy of your personal information/resume by companies to whom you have allowed access or to whom you have sent a job application and their related third parties. 

Other employers and recruiters will not have access to your resume or job application unless and until you want them to. 

Note that any personal information you provide to others apart from us or our vendors is wholly optional. As an example, you might disclose something in a blog post comment. That private information is now public, and we have no control over that. In like fashion, your sharing information with any other third party not functioning as a service provider to us puts that information beyond our control and becomes subject to the policy that party has in place. 

Our primary intention for collecting personal and private information from you is simply to conduct our business. We can use this internally to better serve you. Of course, there are instances where your information is stored with third party service providers, such as email service providers, as they provide services that are industry-leading in quality and security and are far more beneficial to our end user than attempting such services in-house. 

However, of course, your information does comprise part of an overall whole. This aggregate of information, by contrast, may be used to understand our overall user base. Further, we may share this information about our website visitors as a whole, or individually, with third parties for various purposes, at our sole discretion. We may use your information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send you promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You will be unable to unsubscribe from these emails as it forms an integral part of the service you have subscribed to as a user of Kalibrr.com. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests and provide you with customized content and advertising. 

While we are staunch privacy advocates at Kalibrr, there are times when even we may be forced to abandon these ideals. Just as major search engines face ongoing compulsion to provide data against their will, so too may the same occur with our kalibrr.com website. Illegal activity or other serious acts or allegations could create legal liability for our website. In those cases, we reserve the right to share your information, or else may simply be compelled to do so by law. On the other hand, there may be times when we would need to share your private information in order to protect our own interests. For instance, in cases of suspected or alleged copyright infringement or other intellectual property violations, it may be necessary to share personal information. 

**Cross-border data transfers**

Information that Kalibrr.com collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Kalibrr.com operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.

In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.

You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.

Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, may use cookies to serve ads on this kalibrr.com website. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website, including past visits, as well as other websites on the internet. 

To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google's own privacy policies. 

Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, our website has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers. However, you can opt out of some, though likely not all, of these cookies in one easy location at [http://ww.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). 

We have included links on this website for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these websites may differ from our own. 

CHANGE NOTICE: As with any of our administrative and legal notice pages, the contents of this page can and will change over time. Accordingly, this page could read differently as of your very next visit. These changes are necessitated, and carried out by Kalibrr, in order to protect you and our Kalibrr.com website. If this page is important to you, you should check back frequently as no other notice of changed content will be provided either before or after the change takes effect. 

COPYRIGHT WARNING: The legal notices and administrative pages on this website, including this one, have been diligently drafted by an attorney. We at Kalibrr have paid to license the use of these legal notices and administrative pages on kalibrr.com for your protection and ours. This material may not be used in any way for any reason and unauthorized use is policed via Copyscape to detect violators. 

QUESTIONS/COMMENTS/CONCERNS: If you have any questions about the contents of this page, or simply wish to reach us for any other reason, you may do so by contacting us at [privacy@kalibrr.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20121108154234id_/http%3A//www.kalibrr.com/pages/privacy@kalibrr.com). 
