> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the take180.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100621001823id_/http%3A//take180.com/cms.do%3Fpage%3Dprivacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Take180.com / Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**

**Effective: August 29, 2008**

We at T180 Studios, LLC ("T180," "we," "us," "our," and "ourselves") are dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information we obtain from you with care and respect. This Privacy Policy is designed to answer your questions regarding our privacy policies and principles.

T180 is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. As used in this Privacy Policy, "The Walt Disney Family of Companies" refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, singly or together, including companies such as ABC and ESPN that generally do not offer their products and services under the "Disney" brand name, as well as companies that generally do offer their products and services under the "Disney" brand name. T180 is a member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.

**Kids' Privacy Policy:**

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from kids under the age of 13.

**Q1. What information does this Privacy Policy cover?**

**A1.** Except as specifically described below in A2 and A6, this Privacy Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on the Web site where this Privacy Policy is posted and does not apply to any other information collected by T180 or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies through any other means.

In this Privacy Policy, we refer to individuals who use this Web site, or purchase or use our products or services, as "guests." When this Privacy Policy uses the term "personally identifiable information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual's name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When other information (such as, for example, consumer product preferences or number of children) is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also is treated as personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information does not include screen names (also known as member names, usernames or other online aliases) provided by our guests in the course of registering with or using our Web site, except in circumstances in which we request that guests provide their e-mail addresses as their screen names. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as "personal information." Finally, the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws. 

**Q2. What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests?**

**A2.** We collect several types of personally identifiable information about our guests.

_Information You Provide to Us_

Much of the personally identifiable information we receive comes directly from our guests. Typically, this information includes the guest's name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We may also collect other types of information such as gender, age, number of children, and personal interests, which we may associate with personally identifiable information. If you purchase products or services from us, we'll note, for example, credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase. You may also provide us photographs or other video materials, which may contain personal information. We may collect personal information when you register on, log on, or visit our Web site, including when you participate in activities on our Web site, such as sweepstakes, contests, games, and informational and promotional offers, and when you provide information to our customer service representatives. Finally, our Web site may offer message boards, conversation pages, chat rooms, social community environments, profile pages, and other Public Forums (as defined in the Terms of Service governing our Web site (the "Terms of Service")), as well as other features in which you may provide us with Submissions (as defined in the Terms of Service). If you provide personal information when you use any of these features, that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies and/or third parties. Our rules regarding Submissions are described in the Terms of Service.

_Information Collected Through Technology_

We may collect information through technology to make our sites more interesting and useful to you and for various purposes related to our business. For instance, when you come to our site, we may collect your IP address. An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet, and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our site, and we may combine IP addresses with personally identifiable information.

Our Web site may collect information through a variety of technical methods, including cookies and Web beacons. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites. Cookies, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. 

We may use the information collected through these technical methods for many purposes, including delivering content, tracking our guests' use of our Web site and enhancing our guests' experience on our Web site. For example, when you return to our Web site after logging in, cookies may provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. We also may use technical methods to analyze the online traffic patterns on our users, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Web site other Web sites. In HTML e-mails that we send our guests, we may use technical methods for a number of purposes, including: to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails, to customize the display of banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed the e-mail, and to determine whether a guest has made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular e-mail. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable. 

Advertisements may be managed and placed on our Web site by third parties. These companies are called "network advertisers." Network advertisers who place advertisements on our Web sites may use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to obtain more information about the practices of some of these network advertisers and to make choices about their use of your information, please click here [link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp]. Finally, please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on our Web site and link to a third party's Web site, then our Privacy Policy will not apply to your personally identifiable information collected on that third party's Web site and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your personally identifiable information will be handled.

Our website may also contain materials promoting the products and services of other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. Such members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may use technical methods, including cookies and Web beacons to collect information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These technical methods may enable members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable. Please keep in mind that if you link from our Web site to the Web site of another member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, then our Privacy Policy will not apply to your personally identifiable information collected on the other members' Web site, and you must read the privacy policy posted on the other member's site to see how your personally identifiable information will be handled and how you may make choices about their use of your information.

_Information That We Collect from Others_

We may update and supplement personally identifiable information that we have collected directly from our guests with other information that we obtain from third parties and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. In addition, we may obtain personally identifiable information about individuals who are not yet our guests. In addition, when we associate information that we obtain from other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties with personally identifiable information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties. 

**Q3. How is your personally identifiable information used and shared?**

**A3.** As described in detail below, T180 may use your personally identifiable information in many ways, including sending you promotional materials. (By "promotional materials," we mean communications that directly promote the use of Web site, or the purchase of our products or services.) As outlined below in A4, you may "opt out" of certain uses of your personal information.

When you purchase or request products or services (or information about products or services) from T180, promotional materials about goods and services offered by other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or a third party may accompany delivery of the product, service or information that you have requested. We refer to sending you promotional materials in these circumstances as "Fulfillment Uses" of your personal information. Because these promotional materials accompany products, services or information that you have requested, your opt-outs under A4 below will not apply to any of these Fulfillment Uses.

T180 may also use, and may share with other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies so that they may use, your personal information for many purposes other than sending you promotional materials. (We refer to all of these types of uses of your personal information that do not involve the sending of promotional materials as "Operational Uses.) For example, we may use your information to complete transactions requested by you (such as your purchase of a product or service offered on our Web site), or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Web site, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy. Because these uses of your personal information do not involve sending you promotional materials, your opt-outs under A4 below will not apply to any of these Operational Uses. 

Finally, we may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and we may use and/or share with other members of The Walt Disney Company and third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.

_Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions with You_

Sometimes T180 hires companies to help provide products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill prizes for a sweepstakes. In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these companies. Sometimes we also work with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you, such as a company that helps to provide customer service. Your opt-out choices under A4 below will not apply to our sharing of your personal information with any of these companies. Nonetheless, except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or to facilitate compliance with laws.

_Companies That You Previously Authorized to Obtain Your Information_

In certain circumstances, your dealings with other companies may have authorized that company to obtain your personal information from us and to use that information in accordance with the company's own privacy practices and policies. In such circumstances, your opt-out elections under A4 below will not apply to our sharing of your personal information. Nonetheless, we will provide such companies only the information that you authorized (except as separately permitted under other provisions of this Privacy Policy).

_Purchase or Sale of Businesses_

From time to time, we may purchase a business or sell some or all of our business, and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale. In the event that we purchase a business, the personally identifiable information received with that business will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, if it is practicable and permissible to do so. In the event that we sell all or some of our business, we will work very hard to ensure that the purchaser treats your personal information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy.

_Disclosures to Comply With Laws and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Site, T180 and Others._

Regardless of any opt-out choices that you make under A4, T180 will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Service; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our Web site, T180, other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies and/or third parties, including, but not limited to, the safety and security of property that belongs to T180, other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties.

**Q4. What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your personally identifiable information?**

**A4.** When you register on our Web site, you will have the opportunity to choose whether or not to receive promotional materials about T180 ("Basic Request"). When you visit our Web site, you may also have the opportunity to request particular information regarding our Web site's content and programs, such as notifications regarding comments on your Submissions, requests from friends, and new forum topics, challenges or program episodes ("Content Requests"). You may modify the choices you make regarding your Basic Request and your Content Requests as described below in A6. 

If you do not exercise your Basic Request opt-out choice upon registration at our Web site, it may take up to ninety (90) days for your opt-out choice to be fully effective. Our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using your personal information shared before your opt-out may already be in process.

Please keep in mind that your Basic Request opt-out choice will not apply to any of your Content Requests. Also keep in mind that none of the above referenced opt-out choices you make will apply in situations where (a) you either have made, simultaneously make, or later make a more specific request for information from T180, other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties, (b) T180 or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies uses your personal information for either "Operational Uses" or "Fulfillment Uses" (as described above in A3), (c) T180 shares your personal information under the provisions of A3 above with respect to "Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions With You," "Companies That You Previously Authorized to Obtain Your Information," "Purchase or Sale of Businesses," or "Disclosures to Comply with Laws and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Site, T180 and Others."

**Q5. What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information?**

**A5.** The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

**Q6. How can you update your contact information and opt out choices?**

**A6.** You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration (that is, your postal address, e-mail address, or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), by logging in to your account on our Web site, clicking the "Settings" link, and editing your contact information.

You may modify your Basic Request and Content Request opt-out choices by logging in to your account on our Web site, clicking the "Settings" link, and then clicking the Notifications tab and toggling the check box accompanying the preference language to reflect your choice. You may also unsubscribe from certain e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe links in those e-mails.

**Q7. How can you ask questions, or send us comments, about this Privacy Policy?**

**A7.** If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to privacy@take180.com or write us at:

T180 Studios  
445 S. Beverly Dr.  
Beverly Hills, CA 90212  
Attention: Privacy Officer

Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above e-mail and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.

**Q8. How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy?**

**A8.** We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we amend this Privacy Policy to permit material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you of such amendment by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of such amendment on the Web site covered by this Privacy Policy. Any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following either our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or our posting of notice of the changes on the Web site covered by this Privacy Policy. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the amendment described in the notice. In any event, an amendment to this Privacy Policy may permit material changes in the way we use and share personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of such amendment. If you do not wish to allow such material changes, you must so notify us (in the manner we specify) prior to the effective date of the amendment. If you provide us this notice, we may choose to deactivate your account. Please be advised, however, that, regardless of whether you provide such notice to us, any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information that you provide us on or after the effective date of such amendment.
