> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cgonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020604001806id_/http%3A//www.cgonline.com/information/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CG Online-- Privacy Policy

Strategy Plus, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of theglobe.com, inc., and the operator of the Computer Games Online web site recognizes that our users have legitimate concerns about privacy with respect to the Computer Games Online web site (Strategy Plus, Inc. and theglobe.com, inc. are collectively referred to collectively herein as "Computer Games Online" or, "we ", "us" and "our"). This Privacy policy sets forth our practices regarding the collection and use of "personal information" as well as the choices we offer you regarding the use of this information with respect to the Computer Games Online web site. "Personal information" is information that personally identifies you, including, for example, your name, address, and email address. 

This policy only addresses our activities from our servers. Other sites (including those that we link to and third party sites or services which we co-brand, such as email) may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed by this policy. You provide certain personal information to us when you: (a) register for Computer Games Online services such as Computer Games Online user email, (b) sign up for special offers from selected third parties, (c) enter sweepstakes and contests sponsored by us or one of our partners, (d) send email messages, submit forms or send other information to us, or (e) purchase goods and services through us or one of our partners. We may collect personal information from you at other points on our site that state that personal information is being collected. We may also receive certain personal information from some of our co-branded third party partners. Our servers automatically collect information about which sites users visit and which pages are viewed within the Computer Games Online web site. We use a feature of your browser called a "cookie" to assign a User ID that automatically identifies your computer when you visit the site. We also use cookies placed by third party servers to target the advertising delivered to you. This practice is common in Internet advertising. 

We use personal information, among other things, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, to investigate activity that may violate our user agreement and to develop and market products and services that may be of interest to you. If you indicate that you would like to receive information about products and services from third parties, we may disclose your personal information to these parties. You should note that personal information that you voluntarily disclose in forums or in chat rooms may be used by third parties. 

**Additional Privacy Protections for Children**  
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to enter our contests and sweepstakes. Children should never reveal their addresses, phone numbers or other personal information to any strangers on the Internet. 

**Further information**  
We cannot ensure that your private communications and other personal information will not be disclosed to third parties. By way of example, without limiting the foregoing, we may be forced to disclose information to the government under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or we might disclose your information to other sites as part of offering additional functionality to you. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your personal information to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, we do not promise that your personal information or private communications will remain private. If you have further questions about our privacy policy or its implementation, please contact: webmaster@cdmag.com. 
