> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214102113id_/http%3A//company.drweb.com/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dr.Web Anti-virus - official website of Doctor Web, Ltd. / About us

Doctor Web Ltd., being a public company and supplying software products to a wide range of consumers, receives from its partners and end-users various information, including personal and commercially sensitive, and publicly declares that it respects the confidence of its partners and end users and treats the information they share with utmost care. Any information the partners or end users share with the company, if such information is private, i.e. it covers certain individuals, or commercial, i.e. it concerns the commercial aspects of the partners' or end clients' activity, is collected by the company for the technical purposes only, namely for final identification of its product end users and for securing the company's service obligations fulfillment during the subscription term, or within the limits of the contractual obligations with its partners for execution of mutual commitments under the respective agreements. 

**Information received from users and partners**

Doctor Web, Ltd. receives the following contact information from end users: name and family name, email address, user location (town, country), data on the company's products purchased. This information is used in future for communication with end-users when they contact the company's Technical support service, and also for granting discounts at the license renewal. The Technical support service may request other information from users regarding the configuration of their computers and operating systems installed on them. Such information is needed for more precise identification of a problem a user has encountered while using the company products and for working out the most efficient recommendations on how to solve it. 

Besides, Doctor Web, Ltd. collects and stores for some time information on the visitors of its internet resources. This information contains the IP-address of a visitor, the program type he or she uses for browsing, address of the requested resource, time of the requested resource, user's operating system. This information is stored as web-server logs and is used for the analysis of the audience visiting our company's web-resources, as well as tools used by the visitors for viewing the company's web-pages. This information can also be used for the security purposes of the company's web-resources and for monitoring the observance of the licensing of the company's program products. 

The information shared by users and partners while filling the different web-forms is kept in special databases and is used for identification of users when they contact our Technical support service and also for sending such a user different company materials, if earlier such wish was explicitly expressed. Partner information input through the web-forms is used only in cooperation with partners and in no circumstances will be revealed to other partners or end users. While receiving such information from users and partners Doctor Web, Ltd. has in mind that this information is submitted voluntary and with view to this Statement. 

When submitting files for the on-line check for viruses the visitors of our web-resources understand that while downloading files to the server of Doctor Web, Ltd. the content of this file can be intercepted and read by third persons without company's knowledge. While downloading a file for the on-line check for viruses to the company's web-resources, not only the file itself, but also the full path to it on a user computer becomes known to the company. The company declares that in no circumstances the information contained in those files will be revealed to third parties, and that inside the company only a limited number of employees authorized for analyzing and processing of suspicious files in order to add the respective definitions to the virus base has access to such information. The company takes no responsibility for the information contained in files downloaded by users for the on-line check for viruses to the web-resources of the company meaning that users are fully aware of what they do. 

**Information received in the process of the license key files generation**

During the users registration and the receipt of the license key file, including the generation of such files by the partners of Doctor Web, Ltd., the user identifying information, as well as companies for which the key files are registered, is filed into the databases on the company's web-resources. This information is used exclusively for technical purposes for identification of users when they contact the company's Technical support service, or ask for the license extension. The information on partners which becomes at the company's disposal, will never be published or disclosed to third parties, except for cases governed by the laws of the country the company's web-resources are located and where such information is collected. The information inside the key files submitted by the partners of Doctor Web, Ltd. for the license extension of the end users who are the clients of the correspondent partners is treated in the same way. 

**Access to the current Statement**

The present Statement is a public document and its current version is permanently hosted on the web-resources of Doctor Web, Ltd. at [http://company.drweb.com/policy/?lng=en&lng=en](http://company.drweb.com/policy/?lng=en&lng=en) with no access restrictions. 

Doctor Web, Ltd. reserves the right to update the current version of the Statement and publish these updates in 10 days after the release of the information on the coming version update at the stated above internet address.
