> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the favfamilyrecipes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170205050246id_/https%3A//www.favfamilyrecipes.com/favorite-family-recipes-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Favorite Family Recipes Privacy Policy | Favorite Family Recipes

Privacy Policy At FavFamilyRecipes.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit FavFamilyRecipes.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties. As with most other websites, FavFamilyRecipes.com collects and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Safari, Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our website and which pages you visited throughout our site. FavFamilyRecipes.com may use cookies and beacons to track or store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This helps streamline the viewer experience each time they visit our site or access our features. FavFamilyRecipes.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp FavFamilyRecipes.com contains links to other websites. FavFamilyRecipes.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party websites. FavFamilyRecipes.com may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history. DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx FavFamilyRecipes.com uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact us at FavFamilyRecipes@gmail.com.
