> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 411.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130723112807id_/http%3A//411.ca/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 411.ca - Canada's Local Search Engine

Introduction: 

This Privacy Policy (the “ **Policy** ”) sets out the personal information practices for 411.ca (“ **411.ca** ”, “ **we** ” or “ **us** ”) and the use of the 411.ca website (the “ **Site** ”). These practices seek to balance an individual’s right to the privacy of his or her personal information and the need for 411.ca to collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the personal information provided through the use of the Site and personal information submitted to 411.ca in respect of various services offered by us. We may update this Policy from time to time and you are responsible for reviewing the most current version of this Policy. This Policy was last amended on the date shown at the end of the Policy. By continuing to use the Site, you accept any updates to this Policy. 

What is Personal Information? 

Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you as an individual, including your name, age, personal telephone number, location, photograph, email address, and any other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide to 411.ca. Personal information does not include so-called “business card information” such as your business telephone number and address in your capacity as an employee of an organization. 

We do not knowingly collect information from those under the age of majority in their province of residence. If you are a minor, you must ensure that you have your parent or guardian’s consent before using the Site, including the creation of an account and transmitting content to or through the Site. 

Your Consent: 

If you use the Site, whether or not you create an account, or apply for or request information about products or services offered by 411.ca, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and management of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. 

How Does 411.ca Collect and Use My Personal Information? 

To Contact You: 

If you have registered on the Site, we may use your contact information to contact you with service-related announcements from time to time. 

Account Registration: 

411.ca collects personal information from you by asking you to provide information such as your name and email address when you create an account. Your name will be used to create your account name (first name, last name). We will use the e-mail address that you provided when you registered your account to send you updates, correspond with you about updates and provide you with products and services that you requested in connection with the Site. You must update your 411.ca account on your “Info” page if your registration information changes. 

Public Content: 

411.ca collects personal information about users when a user contributes to the Site, including by (i) writing a review; (ii) uploading photos; (iii) filling out a public profile; (iv) voting on other users’ contributions or (v) otherwise posting, sharing or uploading content through the Site. We may store these user contributions, display them to other users and use them for promotional purposes or as otherwise permitted in our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/pages/terms). Any information in the user’s profile that the user chooses to make public (through privacy settings) can be used and viewed by others, including through Internet search engines. Contributions to the Site, including reviews, will always be made public. All of your reviews on the Site will be captured and disclosed to the applicable business customers of 411.ca along with your name. If you do not wish your contributions to the Site to be made public, do not contribute content to the Site. We may from time to time also offer other features or services on the Site which permit you to submit content. They will be governed by these terms as well, unless other terms are provided at that time. 

Location Data: 

If you elect to tell the Site where you are, through the use of GPS or otherwise, we may store this information to be able to provide you with location-based information and advertising. You may elect to not provide this information and you may opt-out of receiving this information and advertising from 411.ca at any time by contacting us at the contact particulars at the end of this Policy. 

We may record the phone numbers of businesses that users call through the Site, so that we can aggregate usage data about those businesses. Note that your call will be recorded by our third party service provider to track advertising results. 

Third Party Services: 

If you choose to link your 411 account with third party services, such as Facebook, Twitter and Google, you agree that your public content may be shared with those services, and information about who you are connected with on those other services may be imported so that you can connect with them on the Site. Once opted-in, the user can always opt out on their 411.ca “Login Settings” page. 

Administration: 

We may use your personal information for administrative purposes, such as investigating abuses on the Site and enforcing and applying our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/pages/terms). 

Users should feel free to give 411.ca feedback, register a complaint, or ask questions about the Site. We may store the user’s communications, including any personal information the user may include in them, so that we can effectively respond to the user. 

Certain other personal information may be collected on the Sites without you actively providing the information by using various technologies, as described below. 

Cookies: 

Cookies, tokens of information given to your browser when you access a website, help us track usage of the Sites and improve the Sites for you. We send cookies to the user’s computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. If you prefer to not use cookies, you can set your browser to disable cookies. Please note that if you have cookies disabled, certain areas of the Site may not work properly, or at all. 

We engage webanalytics third party service providers to use cookies in conjunction with the user’s use of the Site. We have no access to or control over the use of these cookies. These cookies collect information about the user’s use of the Site, such as where you came from, which pages you visited within the Site, and possibly other sites you visit if those sites cooperate with the same third party. These cookies do not collect the user’s name, email address or contact information. Our webanalytics Service Provider also collects information related to the user’s use of the Site, such as pages the user views on the Site, browser type, IP address, requested URL, browser language, referring URL, and date and time of the user’s visit. We use this service and information to administer the site and provide the highest possible level of service to the user. We and our service providers also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site. 

Use and Disclosure of Personal Information: 

Personal information collected by 411.ca will only be used or disclosed for purposes described in this Policy or for other purposes that we have informed you of at the time of collecting that information. Before your personal information will be used or disclosed for a new purpose, we will ask you for your consent, unless use or disclosure without your consent in the circumstances is otherwise permitted or required by law, regulation or court order. 

We use and disclose your personal information to fulfill your requests for certain products or services or information about them, process donations, contact you in response to requests for information and to respond to voluntary comments. We may also use personal information to customize the Sites to your preferences, to improve the content of our Sites, and to research Site usage patterns. 

We may disclose your personal information to related organizations who agree to follow this Policy, for the purpose of providing you with the products or services you have requested. We may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties, but only: 

  * to third parties to provide technical and customer support, perform tracking and reporting functions, conduct quality assurance testing, perform payment processing and provide other services in connection with the Site or Organization, so that they can perform the services they are required to perform, but they will not be permitted to use the user’s personal information other than to provide the services as contracted by the Organization;

  * to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control that we may have now or in the future, in which cases we will require them to comply with this privacy policy. If another company acquires or seeks to acquire our company or all or substantially all of our assets, we may transfer personal information to that company; 

  * if we have good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to take action regarding suspected illegal activities or to enforce or apply our terms of service and statement or to protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public; and

  * as otherwise permitted or required by law, court orders, or government regulations.




We do not rent, share, sell or trade personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 

Managing your Information 

Editing your profile: 

We provide a process in which the user can manage the use of their personal information on the Site. You may change or remove your profile information at any time by going to your profile page and clicking on your “Privacy” page. 

Refusal or Withdrawal of Consent: 

If you provide us with your email address and do not opt-out in your visitor profile, you may occasionally receive emails from us and our affiliates as described in this Privacy Policy or the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/pages/terms). We may use your email address submitted through the Sites for the following purposes: (i) when you are registering for a program, we may confirm your email address is accurate; (ii) we will send a thank you email when you sign up, or register for an event or if you subscribe to our newsletter or weekly column (iii) otherwise to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We hope you will find these emails interesting and informative. 

You may refuse to provide personal information to us and may, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, withdraw consent at any time to our continued use and disclosure of personal information previously collected. Please note that refusing or withdrawing your consent in respect of our handling of certain personal information may result in us being unable to provide you with certain services. You can withdraw your consent at any time by writing to the Privacy Officer at the address at the end of this Policy. 

Deleting your account: 

If the user chooses so they can delete their account by contacting the Privacy Officer using the contact information set out below. When the user chooses to delete their account, it is permanently removed from 411.ca. 

Even after the user has deleted their account or removed information from their profile, please note that copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent it has been shared with others, it was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings, or it was copied or stored by other users. 

Removed and deleted information may also persist in backup copies for up to 1 year but, subject to the above, will be available to others. 

Accessing Your Personal Information: 

You can ask to view personal information about you held by 411.ca by writing to the Privacy Officer, whose contact information is provided at the end of this Policy. You can request that corrections be made where you can show that the personal information about you that we possess is incorrect or incomplete. Please note that under certain circumstances, you may not be permitted to view your records, such as where the disclosure of your records would cause security, legal or confidentiality concerns, and including where 411.ca is permitted or prohibited by law to disclose that to you. 

Security: 

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security during transmission. 

We will retain your personal information only for the time it is required for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. 

Links to Other Websites: 

The Sites may contain links to third party websites, including those with which we have no affiliation. While we try to link only to websites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. We strongly encourage all visitors to the Sites to review the privacy statements and policies of all external websites. Except as set forth in this Policy or as otherwise communicated to you, we do not share users’ personal information with those third parties. 

More Information About 411.ca’s Privacy Practices: 

Please contact 411.ca’s Privacy Officer by email at [privacy@411.ca](mailto:privacy@411.ca) or in writing to 1200 Eglinton Avenue East, Suite 300 Toronto, ON M3C 1H9 with any questions or concerns you have about this Policy or about 411.ca’s handling of your personal information. 
