> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 411web.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625005856id_/http%3A//static.411web.com/411web/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 411web.com

> **Privacy Policy**
> 
> 411web respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use 411web's search engine services ("411web Search Services"). Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). 
> 
> **411web and Cookies**
> 
> Upon your first visit to 411web, 411web sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. 411web uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more. 411web does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people search. 411web will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
> 
> Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of the 411web Search Service may not function properly if you refuse cookies. 
> 
> **What Information Do We Collect?**
> 
> 411web does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. 411web notes and saves information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. That information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users. For example, 411web may use your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use when showing search results or advertisements.
> 
> **Links to Other Sites**
> 
> The sites displayed as search results or linked to by 411web Search Services are developed by people over whom 411web exercises no control. Other links, such as those for the 411web-friends mailing list archive, are also on sites not controlled by 411web. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. 411web may choose to exhibit its search results in the form of a "URL redirecter." When 411web uses a URL redirecter, if you click on a URL from a search result, information about the click is sent to 411web, and 411web in turn sends you to the site you clicked on. 411web uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of 411web's search technology. For instance, 411web uses this information to determine how often users are satisfied with the first result of a query and how often they proceed to later results. 
> 
> **With Whom Does 411web Share Information?**
> 
> 411web may share information about you with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent. For example, we may disclose how frequently the average 411web user visits 411web, or which other query words are most often used with the query word "Linux." Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. 
> 
> **Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy**
> 
> By using the 411web Search Services and our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our ["Terms of Service Policy"](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625005856id_/http%3A//static.411web.com/411web/terms_of_service.html). 411web may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. 
