> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carbon3d.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150522051335id_/http%3A//carbon3d.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Carbon3D

**Carbon3D, Inc.**  


Privacy Policy

Welcome and thank you for your interest in Carbon3D, Inc. (“Carbon3D”) and the Service, as described in the Carbon3D Terms of Service at <http://www.carbon3d.com/terms-of-use/> (the “Terms”). This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms, and capitalized terms used, but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them elsewhere in the Terms.

This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use and disclose and store that information. By using the Service, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy.

The practices described in this policy apply only to Carbon3D’s use of information which is supplied by you to Carbon3D through the Service, including information provided to Carbon3D through your use of Carbon3D Products that may communicate with the Service. Information collected from you by others, such as third party web sites that you access through links on the Service or features of the Service that you use to provide that information to third party services, such as your linked accounts, are governed by those entities’ privacy policies.

The Information Carbon3D Collects: 

  * User-Provided Personal Information: When using the Service, such as when you sign up to receive a newsletter or other information from Carbon3D or register for an account or order or use products or services through the Service, you may provide to Carbon3D what is generally called Personally Identifiable Information (“Personally Identifiable Information”). As used in this Policy, Personal Identifiable Information is information that specifically identifies an individual, such as an individual's name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. 
  * “Cookies” Information: When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Carbon3D may also permit third parties to place cookies on the Service. Carbon3D may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
  * “Automatically Collected” Information: When you use the Service or Products that communicate with the Services or open one of our HTML emails, we may automatically record certain information from the Products or your web browser by using different types of technology, including “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected” information may include Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”) or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after the Service, the pages you view on the Service, support status, usage statistics and other information regarding your use of the Products and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service or Products.
  * Information from Other Sources: We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as your Linked Accounts, and third parties who market, sell, support or otherwise provide products or services relating to the Products or Service. You agree and understand that by linking a third party Linked Account to your account on the Service, Carbon3D may have access to information in your Linked Account, and you authorize Carbon3D to use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms. The Service does not currently support technology to respond to "do-not-track" browser signals or other mechanisms to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about users’ online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, and third parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use the Service.


  * The Way Carbon3D Uses Information: Carbon3D may use your Personally Identifiable Information in a variety of ways in the operation of the Service and our business, such as: 
  * Carbon3D may use the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Service, connecting to and integrating with your Linked Accounts, and personalizing the Service for your and other users’ specific preferences, including processing purchases, orders, returns/exchanges or requests for information or services. We may use your email address and other information to contact you for administrative purposes, for customer service or Product support purposes, to address intellectual property infringement, rights of privacy, or defamation issues, or regarding any content that you have posted to the Service.
  * Carbon3D may use all of the information that you provide or that we collect and/or aggregate to understand and analyze the usage trends, interests, and preferences of our users, to improve the way the Products and Service works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
  * Various aspects of the Service and email messages we send you in connection with your use of the Products or Service may include relevant advertisements which may be selected based in part on your Personally Identifiable Information, including your preferences and usage patterns within the Service.
  * Carbon3D may now or in the future use “automatically collected” information and “cookies” information to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Carbon3D and third party marketing activities; (d) monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, Apps accessed, etc.; (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities; and (f) monitor, track, support and maintain your use of Products.
  * Carbon3D may use your email address or other Personally Identifiable Information to send promotional email related to the Service we think you may be interested in. You will have the ability to opt-out of receiving any such communications, either through links provided in the messages, or by submitting a request to privacy@carbon3D.com. 



**When Carbon3D Discloses Information:** We are not in the business of selling your information. We may, however, disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in a variety of circumstances in the ordinary course of operating our business, such as:

  * The Service may now or in the future enable users to communicate in a variety of ways. Any Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily choose to share with another user or third party through the Service, or in a publicly accessible area on the Service, will be available to others who access that content. Once you make your Personally Identifiable Information available in this way, it may be collected and used by the recipients without restriction.
  * Carbon3D may make certain automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service or Products.
  * Carbon3D may work with third party service providers to register or enroll users for newsletters, accounts or other Services, manage mailing lists, provide newsletters or other information to users for Carbon3D, provide website and application development, hosting, and maintenance as well as other services for us. In connection with providing services for us, these third parties may have access to or process your personally identifiable information. Third parties who we provide your Personally Identifiable Information may authorize certain government and law enforcement agencies access to information stored by such third parties without providing notice to Carbon3D, in some cases as required by law and in other cases voluntarily, and Carbon3D has no control over such activities.
  * Carbon3D may also disclose your information to third parties who market, sell, support or otherwise provide products or services relating to the Service or Products, including materials vendors and support services providers for the Products.
  * Carbon3D may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law), or in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with investigative or law enforcement activity.
  * Carbon3D also reserves the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect Carbon3D and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Service; or to protect the rights, property, security, and/or safety of Carbon3D, our users, or others.



**Your Choices:**

You may, of course, decline to share certain Personally Identifiable Information with Carbon3D, in which case Carbon3D may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Service or in the Products. Where allowed by law, you may request access to Personally Identifiable Information that Carbon3D holds about you by sending an email to privacy@carbon3D.com. Carbon3D will process that request in accordance with any applicable laws and our policies and procedures for dealing with such requests. Where allowed by law, Carbon3D will also take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. There may be circumstances where we are unable to provide access to your Personally Identifiable Information, such as situations where the information contains references to other individuals and is not reasonably severable, or where it cannot be disclosed for legal, security, or commercial proprietary reasons. When changes are made to your Personally Identifiable Information, third parties that have previously accessed or received the information may still have access to cached or other copies, and we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of ANY passwordS AND account information at all times. 

**Third Party Services:**

**The Service contains references and links to Web sites and services provided by third parties. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies governing privacy and security. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links are displayed on the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.**

**Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy:**

Carbon3D does not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information from persons under 13 years-of-age, and no part of the Service is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access THE SERVICE at any time or in any manner. If Carbon3D learns that Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 has been collected on the Service without verifiable parental consent, then Carbon3D reserves the right to take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert Carbon3D at privacy@carbon3d.com and request that Carbon3D delete that child’s personal information from its systems. 

**Our Commitment to Data Security:**

Carbon3D is not in the business of providing information technology security services. While we do employ certain limited physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to help improve the integrity and security of your personal information, no physical or technical system, process, transmission, or storage mechanism is completely secure or immune from outages, losses, attacks, circumvention, design or implementation flaws, and human error. Therefore, we cannot and do not ensure or warrant that information you transmit to Carbon3D will not be lost or compromised, either during or after transmission. Do not provide your personal information if you are concerned with its disclosure.

If Carbon3D learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Carbon3D may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us at privacy@carbon3d.com.

**International Visitors:**

The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you nonetheless choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your Personally Identifiable Information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing your Personally Identifiable Information on the Service you consent to that transfer.

**Affiliates; In the Event of Merger or Sale:**

Carbon3D may now or in the future be affiliated directly or indirectly with other companies, such as parent companies and subsidiaries (and their parent companies and subsidiaries), and reserves the right to transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to any of these affiliated companies. In the event that all or a portion of Carbon3D or its assets is acquired by or merged with a third party entity or is subject to a change of control, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.

**Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy:**

Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy, which may be revised periodically at Carbon3D’s sole discretion, as provided in the Terms. If we modify the Privacy Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through the Service. Your continued use of the Service after revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.

**Carbon3D Contact Information:**

Please contact Carbon3D with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email: [privacy@carbon3d.com](mailto:privacy@carbon3d.com). 
