> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cardinalhealth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160514055022id_/http%3A//www.cardinalhealth.com/en/support/english.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Cardinal Health, Inc. (“we” or “us”) operates the Cardinal.com website (the “Site”), which is hosted in the United States. We want you, the visitor to our public website, to understand how we collect and use data about your Site visit. The privacy policy below identifies what information the Site collects, and what it is used for. For sales and support purposes, the Site collects some “personally identifiable information”, which is information that identifies you. This may include your name, address, email address, telephone or fax number, IP address and certain other information, which we explain in more detail below. We also use cookies, which gather certain forms of information from your computer to help us monitor and improve Site usage and performance. You can choose not to provide us with this information, but certain portions of the Site may not be available to you.

We do not disclose this information to third parties for their marketing purposes, but we do use third party software and services to assist us with analyzing information regarding use of the Site. We may also disclose your information to others for other purposes, particularly if required to do so by law. The privacy policy for the Site is set forth below and you should contact [ **privacy@cardinalhealth.com**](mailto:privacy@cardinalhealth.com) if you have questions or concerns about this policy or the use of your information.

This is our online privacy policy (“Web Privacy Policy”). This Web Privacy Policy applies only to activities we engage in on the Site and does not apply to activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the Site. You should note that different privacy policies may apply to other parts of Cardinal Health’s web presence – for example, password protected areas or resume submission web pages.

We may collect two types of information through this Site: anonymous information and personally identifiable information (“PII”). We collect certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information. We gather it to improve the performance of the Site. The anonymous data we collect can include information such as the type of browser you are using, IP address, and the length of your visit to the Site.

We may also ask you to provide personally identifiable information on the Site, which may include your name, address, telephone number, fax number, company name, or e-mail address. This information can be gathered when you send us feedback or an e-mail, when you register for certain services, when we set cookies, or directly in response to inquiries on the Site. In all such cases you choose whether to provide us with the personally identifiable information, but certain portions of the Site may not be available to you if you do not provide the PII requested.

Cookies are small bits of data cached or stored on your computer based on Internet activity. We use cookies to monitor individual activity in aggregate to improve the Site. The information we gather includes IP address, user language, the operating system, browser type, the presence/absence of “flash” plug-ins, screen resolution, connection type, and information that identifies the cookie. However, no other user information is generally collected.

We do not sell, trade or rent to others your personally identifiable information collected on the Site.

**_Uses by Cardinal Health, Inc.  
_**We use the information collected through the Site for statistical purposes and for improving the Site, as well as for our marketing purposes and potentially sending commercial emails to you. We often engage a third party’s software or services to assist us with these analyses. As a practical matter, we must release your mailing address to a postal or courier service to deliver information you requested. We use third-parties to assist us with our marketing efforts, including assisting us with sending emails to you. This may include sending you free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on our Site as a service. We may send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current specials and deals from us or through our third-party service partners. However, you will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for our products and/or services.

We may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. We may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law. We may provide your personally identifiable information to a third party if we file for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers, acquisitions, or sales of business units.

**_Uses by Third-Parties.  
_**We do not provide your personally identifiable information to any third party for their own marketing purposes.

We are not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which the Site links. If you provide any information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our site is not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

We take appropriate steps to manage the privacy of your personally identifiable information and the security of the Site. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the Cardinal.com Site or services, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the website. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, Cardinal.com does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.

If you wish to modify or update any information we have received, please contact [ **privacy@cardinalhealth.com**](mailto:privacy@cardinalhealth.com).

We reserve the right to modify this Web Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the Site. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. We encourage you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.

Effective: November, 2006
