> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cardsgate-cs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021210022303id_/http%3A//www.cardsgate.com/help%3FTopic%3DPrivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cards GATE - Биллинговая система [HELP system]

In order to provide you with interactive computer billing services, CardsGATE collects, uses, and shares certain information about you. This policy explains what we collect, with whom we share it, and how you can interact with CardsGATE in order to ensure the accuracy of the data we collect, use, and share. The information CardsGATE collects from you helps CardsGATE better serve the online community by continually personalizing the electronic payment services CardsGATE provides. CardsGATE collects and maintains the following data: 

* Information that you provide to us: CardsGATE receives and stores all information that you enter on our website and our billing pages. This includes: credit card sign-up page: the url you are purchasing goods or services from, your e-mail address, your language preference, your credit card number, your expiration date, your first name, your last name, your address, your city, your state, your zip, your country, and your agreement to be bound by CardsGATE's terms and conditions; 
* Information that we automatically receive: CardsGATE receives and stores certain information whenever you download web pages, or send us e-mail or forms. For example, CardsGATE employs "cookie" technology. We do this so that we can recognize you when you re-visit our URLs. Additionally, we identify the numerical IP address assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. 
* E-mail Correspondence: CardsGATE often requests a confirmation when you receive and open an e-mail communication delivered by CardsGATE. We archive all e-mail sent in and out of our network, and we identify the origination IP address of all mail sent into our network. We require that you refrain from "forging headers" or sending "SPAM". 
* Information from third parties: From time to time, CardsGATE requests and receives information from third parties and compares it to the information that you have provided. The main purpose for this is that of loss prevention. 
* Protection of CardsGATE and third parties: CardsGATE will release data when we believe the release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Agreement, and protect the contract rights of our Clients. CardsGATE passes the following data to the owner/operator of the website from which you are purchasing goods and services utilizing CardsGATE Complete: credit card sign-up page: the url you are purchasing goods or services from, your e-mail address, your language preference, your first name, your last name, your address, your city, your state, your zip, your country, and your agreement to be bound by CardsGATE's terms and conditions. CardsGATE passes the following data to the owner/operator of the website from which you are purchasing goods and services utilizing Processing Plus: credit card sign-up page: the url you are purchasing goods or services from, your e-mail address, your language preference, your credit card number, your expiration date, your first name, your last name, your address, your city, your state, your zip, your country, and your agreement to be bound by CardsGATE's terms and conditions. 
* If you consent (Opt-In): Other than detailed above, CardsGATE will contact you and request your permission prior to sharing your data with third parties. Generally, CardsGATE will offer a promotional product or service on behalf of a third party, rather than allow the third party to contact you directly. In any event, other than detailed above, CardsGATE will contact you at the location provided by you at enrollment when we desire to share your information with a third party, or, CardsGATE will present you with a "check-box" requesting that you opt-in to any third party mailing lists. Should you desire to "opt-out" of any such mailing lists, simply do so by sending an e-mail to: support@cardsgate.com 

* * *

CardsGATE utilizes Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software when receiving and transmitting electronic payments. CardsGATE encrypts the information you provide. CardsGATE reveals on the last five digits of your credit card numbers when processing your transaction internally, and we reveal the entire number when communicating on a private dedicated line of communication with our acquiring bank. Additionally, CardsGATE employees the following security measures: 

CardsGATE employs a username password scheme in order to limit and archive access to its computer network by its employees, and third parties. 

CardsGATE's facility utilizes automatic locking doors that require a special security card for entry, and different levels of access exist throughout the CardsGATE campus. CardsGATE video tapes key areas of its facility. 

* * *

CardsGATE allows you to access to certain information about you for the limited purpose of viewing, updating, and in some instances deleting from our system any information deemed inaccurate. Any requests to access your information may be directed to: support@cardsgate.com, Office of the General Counsel, CARDSGATE LLC, 430 Route 70 West, Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08002-3583, USA. 

* * *

CardsGATE does not request, or knowingly collect identifiable information from children under the age of 13. CardsGATE does not knowingly use or share personal information from users under the age of 13 with third parties. CardsGATE doe not give children the ability to post messages or otherwise distribute information about themselves. CardsGATE does not offer children any promotions involving games, prizes, or any other activity that would induce a child to divulge personal information. Any issue respecting your children's privacy may be directed to: Office of the General Counsel, CARDSGATE LLC, 430 Route 70 West, Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08002-3583, USA.

| 
