> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the careermidway.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190221210823id_/https%3A//www.careermidway.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# careermidway.com | Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

At Careermidway.com we recognize that privacy is important. We collect information about you and uses this information to help you connect with employers and job seekers and to provide other services to you. This policy describes how your information is collected and used and your choices with respect to your personal information.

#### Information we collect and how we use it

When you visit or register on the website to create your account as an employer or jobseeker, you will be asked to provide certain personal information such as your name, email address, account password, postal address, phone numbers, fax numbers, age, educational details, work experience including past employer and skills. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information.

  * **If you are an Employer** : When you post a job on our website, the website may provide your name, contact number, email address alongwith job detail to the jobseekers. Also a link to your Company Profile is added with your job to provide a brief introduction about your company to the Jobseekers. This link contains your company's industry type, website address and mailing address.
  * **If you are a Jobseeker** : When you post your resume on our website, it becomes available to different Employers registered on our website and may appear in search results when an Employer search our resumes database. Similarly, when you apply for a job your resume is immediately send to that Employer either online or via email depending on the preferences of Employer. If you do not want your resume to appear under search results when an employer search our online resumes database, go to Settings section, select Change Privacy Settings link and then select "Not Searchable" as Privacy Level. This will make your resume available to an employer only if you apply for it's job. Furthermore, we also send job alerts to registered jobseekers on daily/weekly basis, at any time if you wish to stop receiving job email from Careermidway.com you can click unsubscribe link shown on bottom of every email message. You may also receive different email-alerts regarding our services.
  * **Careermidway.com cookies** : When you visit Careermidway.com, we may send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Careermidway.com features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Information collected via tracking technologies is not linked to personal information.
  * **Log information** : When you use Careermidway.com, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
  * **User communications** : When you send email or other communication to Careermidway.com, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
  * **Blog** : If you use blog on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of the blog, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in the blog.
  * **Choices for personal information** : When you sign up, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. In addition to the above, you may: 
    * **Discontinue job alerts and service alerts** : We offer single click unsubscribe option for the users who do not want to receive job alerts email and service alerts from Careermidway.com. If you want to stop receiving job alerts and service alerts from Careermidway.com just click Unsubscribe link show on bottom of the last email you have received and you will be instantly removed from that particular list. Also, you can go to Settings section, select Alerts Options to opt out of receiving these alerts.
    * **Close your account** : Terminate Account option is provided under Settings section of your account, so incase you no longer need our services you may stop them by removing your account.
  * **Information sharing** : Careermidway.com does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.   
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Careermidway.com, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. Therefore, we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website. 
  * **Security** : We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.  
We strive to provide a safe environment by attempting to limit access to our database to legitimate users, but we cannot guarantee that unauthorized parties will not gain access. We also cannot control how authorized users store or transfer information you give to us, so you should not post sensitive information to Careermidway.com.
  * **Data integrity** : Careermidway.com processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
  * **Third Party Advertising** : Advertisements that appear on our website are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to users by third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons" (also known as "1x1 gifs") to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. We do not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. Third party advertisers have no access to your personal information stored on our website.  
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Careermidway.com and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.
  * **Third Party Tracking Technologies** : We use third party tracking technologies/service providers to track the overall traffic trend of our website. Some cookies may also be downloaded to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons" (also known as "1x1 gifs"). Third party tracking technologies/service providers have no access to your personal information stored on our website.  
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Careermidway.com and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by service providers.  
We use Google Analytics to collect data about visitors of our website. We have also updated the Google Analytics tracking code to support Display Advertising, which enables Google Analytics to collect data about Careermidway.com's traffic via the DoubleClick cookie in addition to data collected through the standard Google Analytics implementation. Display Advertising lets us enable Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting in Google Analytics that aren't available through standard implementations.  
Careermidway.com and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to your site.  
We use data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics to better understand the users of our website and refine our ad campaign strategies.  
Users can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads) or [Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/)
  * **Accessing and updating personal information** : When you use Careermidway.com services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users' personal information.  
You may review, correct, update or change your account details by visiting My Profile link.


