> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the care.org privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060629131904id_/http%3A//www.care.org/about/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CARE Privacy Statement

**Credit Card Security**

CARE is grateful for the donations that help us continue our valuable work. It is very important to us that your personal information remain secure. When you donate to CARE online, your credit card information is secured by a reputable security company (Verisign). Also, your credit card number is used only for that particular transaction and is not stored. You will see the "closed" lock symbol in the lower part of your browser screen (often times it is yellow as well) when you are on our secure donation pages. You will also notice in your web site address bar that the domain name starts with an "https" on those donation pages. This means that information entered on those pages is encrypted for your security. This actually makes it more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store for example. If you have any questions regarding the security of your credit card donation online, please e-mail [info@care.org](mailto:info@care.org), or call **1-800-422-7385** for more information.

**Domain Name**

CARE's Web server automatically recognizes, but does not collect or use your domain name (IP address). CARE anonymously tracks your visit in order to compile statistical information about the use of our Web site. We do not collect individual information about you or your personal use of this site. Cookie use: A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Some Web sites use cookies to collect detailed personal user information. CARE uses cookies only to see if you are a return visitor, or to allow our online community to recognize you as an existing member. We do not use cookies to surreptitiously collect any personal information from your computer.

**Email Addresses**

Our Web site does not automatically recognize your e-mail address. We ask for your e-mail address on a number of pages within our site, but you may opt out of e-mail communications at any time by un-checking the box beneath where you entered in your e-mail address, or by clicking the unsubscribe link that is included at the bottom of every e-mail communication from CARE. You may also call us at any time at **1-800-422-7385** , or e-mail us at [info@care.org](mailto:info@care.org), to be removed.

**Other Personal Information**

You are not required to provide any personal information on our Web site unless you choose to do so. We do ask for personal information on our online donation pages to properly enable donation transaction processing. We use this information to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes. If you give a gift to CARE your name and address will be placed on our physical mailing list for occasional (quarterly) mail updates. If you do not wish to receive physical mail from CARE you may call us at any time at **1-800-422-7385** , or e-mail us at [info@care.org](mailto:info@care.org), to be removed. If you are making a donation in honor of or in memory of someone, we will not use their personal information for any purpose other than sending the acknowledgement card.

We make postal addresses and telephone numbers available to other reputable nonprofit and commercial organizations. If you do not want us to share this information you may call us at any time at **1-800-422-7385** , or e-mail us at [info@care.org](mailto:info@care.org), to have your name removed. CARE does not share your e-mail address with any third parties unless explicitly mentioned at the time of e-mail opt-in.

**Opt Out**

CARE's site gives you the opportunity to opt out of receiving additional information from us. If you do not want to receive additional information, please uncheck the boxes at the point at which we request that information.

This site has links to other Web sites whose privacy policies may differ from ours. CARE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other Web sites.

Your privacy is very important to us. We rely on the good will and generosity of our supporters and want to make sure that your experience with CARE is as positive as possible. We do want to keep you abreast of the ongoing fight against poverty, but not at the expense of any personal information concerns. If you feel that your privacy has been violated or that CARE has misused your information in any way, please contact CARE at [info@care.org](mailto:info@care.org) or call **1-800-422-7385**.

As a CARE Online Community member, you can manage your personal communication preferences from CARE at any time by [logging into your Personal Profile page here](http://my.care.org/care/smp.tcl?show_subs=profile). If you are not a CARE Online Community member, [click here to join now](https://web.archive.org/modules/signup.asp)! 

**Federal and State Compliance**

The information at [www.careusa.org](https://web.archive.org/) describes many of CARE's activities, though not all. Contributions are used to support CARE's programs worldwide, wherever CARE determines the need is greatest. Donor contributions are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law, and donors receive no goods or services in return for their donations unless their acknowledgement so specifies. A copy of our latest financial report may be obtained online, by calling CARE toll-free 1-800-422-7385, or by writing directly to CARE, 151 Ellis St. NE, Atlanta, GA 30303-2440. If you are a resident of the following states, you may obtain information by contacting: FLORIDA: A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING 1-800-435-7352, TOLL-FREE WITHIN THE STATE. FL REGISTRATION # SC-00175. Maryland: Copies of documents and information submitted by CARE are available for the cost of copies and postage from the Secretary of State, Statehouse, Annapolis, MD 21401, 1-800-825-4510. Michigan: CARE's Michigan license number is MICS 9072. Mississippi: The official registration and financial information of CARE may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State's office by calling 1-888-236-6167. New Jersey: Information filed with the Attorney General concerning this charitable solicitation may be obtained from the Attorney General of the State of New Jersey by calling 973-504-6215. NEW YORK: New York residents may obtain a copy of CARE's annual report by writing to the Office of the Attorney General, Department of Law, Charities Bureau, 120 Broadway, New York, NY 10271. North Carolina: Financial information about CARE and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 888-830-4989. Pennsylvania: The official registration and financial information of CARE may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Virginia: A financial statement for the most recent fiscal year is available upon request from the Division of Consumer Services, PO Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23209, 1-804-786-1343. Washington: You may obtain additional financial disclosure information by contacting the Secretary of State at 1-800-332-GIVE. West Virginia: West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State, State Capitol, Charleston, WV 25305. REGISTRATION WITHIN A STATE AGENCY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL OR RECOMMENDATION BY THAT STATE.
