> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the careerchina.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226131644id_/https%3A//www.careerchina.com/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Career China: Privacy Policy

## Career China: Privacy Policy

Career China (“we,” or “us”) respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information in connection with our website at www.careerchina.com (the “Platform”), as well as Company Research, Job Applications, articles, videos, and other online services provided by Career China (collectively with the Platform, the “Services”). By visiting or using our Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy. 

Please note that except as otherwise described below, this Policy does not apply to any information collected by third parties, or collected by Career China through means other than the Platform. For example, when users seek to apply to a job notice, the Services may redirect the user to an Employer’s career site to submit a resume or application. Information collected through such a third-party site is not subject to this privacy policy, but is instead subject to the Employer’s privacy policy. Similarly, information that users submit directly to a Recruiter is not covered by this policy. Nor does this policy apply to data submitted to Career China by Authors or Employers through means other than the Platform (such as through email or a telephone call). 

#### Who Uses Our Services

We make our Services available to different types of users. As discussed further below, the information that the Services collect from and share about a user may depend on the user type. An individual may be one or more of these types of users depending on the nature of his or her interactions with our Services. 

Candidate: An individual who uses the Services, including by browsing company profiles, scheduling a speaking with a recruiter or a career advisor, applying for a job posted on the Platform, and/or reading or otherwise engaging with company research and other content on the Platform or through email. Author: An individual who drafts articles or creates other content displayed on the Services. Employer: An individual who posts a job notice or accepts a job application on the Platform, on behalf of either that individual or a company. 

#### Information We Collect

We collect both Personal Information and Other Information about users in connection with the Services. “Personal Information” is information that we can directly associate with a specific person without additional information, such as an email address or phone number. “Other Information” is any information we collect that is not Personal Information. We may combine Personal Information with Other Information, in which case we will treat the combined information as Personal Information. We also may combine information that we collect about you through the Services with additional information that we or third parties collect in other contexts—such as our communications with you via email or phone, or your customer service records. In those circumstances, we will treat the combined information in accordance with this Policy. 

You can visit the Platform and use some of the other Services without submitting any Personal Information. However, as described below, we do automatically collect some Other Information when you use the Services. The Services also make it possible for you to submit Personal Information in a variety of contexts. For example, if you register as a Member, you will be required to provide Personal Information. 

Information about Members. We collect various types of Personal Information about Members in connection with the Services, including: 

Name Address Email address Username and password Work and educational history Other information contained on Member resumes Information about which jobs members apply to through the Services 

Surveys. From time to time, we may ask our users to participate in surveys. Such surveys may be used to collect both Personal and Other Information. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose your information. 

Other Information collected automatically through the Services. We also collect Other Information automatically through the Services. This may include information such as your IP address and domain name, your location as inferred from your IP address, your Internet service provider, the date and time of your visit to the Platform, your use of the Services during your current session and over time (including the pages you view and the files you download), the URLs from the websites you visit before and after navigating to the Platform, your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system and browser type, and your software and hardware attributes (including device IDs). We collect such information using a variety of mechanisms, including the following: 

Server Logs. When you visit the Platform, we automatically receive and record certain information from your computer (or other device) and your browser. This may include data such as your IP address, the pages you visit or features you use on the Platform, and your general geographic location as inferred from your IP address. To obtain such information, we may use server logs or similar applications that recognize your computer or other devices and gather information about their online activity. Cookies. We also use cookies on the Services. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or other device by your web browser. A cookie allows the Services to recognize whether you have visited before and may store user preferences and other information. For example, cookies can be used to collect information about your use of the Services during your current session and over time (including the pages you view and the files you download), your computer or device’s operating system and browser type, your Internet service provider, your domain name and IP address, your general geographic location, the website you visited prior to accessing Services, and the link you use to leave the Services. We use the following types of cookies to collect information: Essential Cookies: These cookies are essential to the functioning of the Services and allow you to interact with and use the features of the Services. If these cookies are not permitted by your browser, we will not be able to provide certain features of the Services to you. Preference Cookies: These cookies are used to collect information about your choices and preferences, such as your preferred language or the country from which you visit the Services. We use this information to customize the Services to your preferences. Analytics Cookies: Our third-party service providers may use cookies to collect information about you and the use of the Services for analytics purposes. For more information and to opt out, please read the section below titled “Third-Party Analytics and Targeted Advertising.” Advertising Cookies: The Services may use cookies to make advertising messages more relevant to you. For more information and to opt out, please read the section below titled “Third-Party Analytics and Targeted Advertising.” If you are concerned about having cookies on your computer, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set, allowing you to decide whether to accept it. You can also delete cookies from your computer. However, if you choose to block or delete cookies, certain features of the Sites may not operate correctly. Pixel tags. The Services or the emails that you receive from us may use an application known as a “pixel tag” (also known as a “clear gif” or “web beacon”). A pixel tag is an electronic file that usually consists of a single-pixel image. It can be embedded in a web page or in an email to transmit information, which could include Personal Information. For example, it allows an email sender to determine whether a user has opened a particular email. Deleting or blocking cookies will not stop the collection of information through pixel tags and similar tracking mechanisms. However, as discussed in the section below titled “Third-Party Analytics and Targeted Advertising,” you can take steps to limit how such information is used for advertising purposes. Even in that event, we may continue to use the information for other purposes, including analytics. 

Local storage. We also may use HTML5 local storage to collect and retain certain information about you. Data in local storage is not deleted when you clear your cookies, but it can be deleted by following the instructions provided by your browser developer. We may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the Personal Information or Other Information described above. For example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use pixel tags on the Services or in email communications from Career China. This information may be used for a variety of purposes, including analytics and targeted advertising, as described below. 

Information collected on third-party sites. In some cases, we use the mechanisms described above to track users when they navigate to and on third-party sites. For example, we may use cookies, pixels, scripts, or other tracking mechanisms to identify when a user of the Services goes to the website of one of our business partners and applies for a job. This information enables us, among other things, to analyze how many applicants for a specific position learned about it on Career China. Although we do not disclose Personal Information combined with such tracking data to our business partners, we may provide de-identified information and analytics as discussed in the section below titled “How We Share Information with Third Parties.” 

#### How We Use Information

We may use Personal and Other Information for a variety of purposes, as described below. 

Personal Information. We use the Personal Information that we collect about users, including Members and Employers to: 

Provide the Services to you and other users; Fulfill the terms of any agreement you have with us, respond to your requests, or otherwise complete a transaction that you initiate, including payment processing; Review, evaluate, and verify the credentials and experience of Coaches, including through screenings and reference checks; Post job notices for Employers; Transmit Members’ job applications to Employers; Send administrative communications related to the Services; Communicate with users through email notices, newsletters, and updates, including promotional communications about topics, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to users; Engage in analysis and research concerning the Services, improve users’ experiences with the Services, and otherwise enhance the quality of our products and services; Create a custom experience for users and tailor our products and Services to users’ individual interests and preferences; Comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements, or to protect our rights and interests, as described below in the “Legal Purposes” subsection of this Policy; and Compile and share aggregated information. Other Information. We use the Other Information that we collect for these same purposes, as well as to: 

Count and recognize visitors to the Services and analyze how visitors use the Services; Engage in analytics or targeted advertising as described in the “Third-Party Analytics and Targeted Advertising” section below; and For any other business purpose permitted by law. How We Share Information with Third Parties 

We may share Personal and Other Information with third parties for a variety of purposes, as described below. 

Affiliates. We may share Personal and Other Information with our corporate affiliates for the purposes described in this Policy. 

Third-party service providers. We use third-party service providers to help us manage and improve the Services. These service providers may collect and/or use your Personal or Other Information to assist us in achieving the purposes discussed in this Policy. For example, we use third parties to help us manage our information systems, deliver marketing and administrative communications, and manage our relationships with the people and companies that use our Services. We also may share your information to enable us to reach you with our advertising on a third-party platform (such as Facebook’s “Custom Audiences” tool). For more information about our practices with respect to interest-based advertising and how to opt out, please see the section below titled “Third-Party Analytics and Targeted Advertising.” 

Other users of the Services. We may share Personal and Other Information with other users of the Services where appropriate. For example, if you are a Member and submit information to us or complete an application, we may share that information with an Employer who will then review and evaluate your application. Similarly, we may share a Member’s contact information with a Recruiter to enable them to communicate directly. 

Business partners. We also may share your Personal or Other Information with our business partners to fulfill your requests for services; complete a transaction that you initiate; or meet the terms of any agreement that you have with us or our business partners. For example, at a Member’s direction, we may share the Member’s contact information and resume directly with a third-party employer rather than through the Platform. 

Your direct sharing of Personal Information through the Services and third-party websites and services. The Services may enable you to share Personal Information directly through the Services. For example, the Services may include an opportunity for Members to upload a resume or job history to share with an Employer through the site. 

Third-party plugins. The Services may integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook “like” button and Twitter “follow” button). Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view. They also may set and/or access cookies. These plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. 

Legal purposes. We also may use or share your Personal or Other Information with third parties when we believe, in our sole discretion, that doing so is necessary: 

To comply with applicable law or a court order, subpoena, request from government or law enforcement, or other legal process; To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or situations involving threats to our property or the property or physical safety of any person or third party; To establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or To facilitate the financing, securitization, insuring, merger, acquisition, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets. In the event of an actual sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event relating to all or a portion of our business or assets, Personal Data or Other Information may be part of the transferred assets. De-identified or aggregated information. We also may compile and share de-identified or aggregated information about users of the Services, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Services or sharing aggregated information about historical and real-time trends in employment. We also may share de-identified or aggregated information about the numbers, types, or origins of users who submit job applications on the sites of our business partners or who click on business partners’ links on the Services (such as a job posting or article). 

#### Third-Party Analytics and Targeted Advertising

We partner with certain third parties to collect Other Information to engage in analytics, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may use web logs, pixel tags, or similar online tracking mechanisms, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. For example, as discussed above, Employers may use pixel tags or scripts supplied by Career China to track when users navigate to their websites and submit job applications. 

Among other providers, the Services use Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics here. 

The Services also may enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect Other Information on our Services over time and across unaffiliated websites for use in online behavioral advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited the Services to target online ads for the Services to you on websites that are not affiliated with Career China. In addition, our third-party advertising partners might use information about your use of the Services to help target advertisements unrelated to Career China based on your online behavior in general. 

The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this Policy. If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer, you may set your browser to block cookies. Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out here, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance program by opting out here. For our advertising partners Admedia, Smart AdServer, Sovrn, and WideOrbit you can opt out of Admedia here, Smart AdServer here, Sovrn here, and WideOrbit here. Our website currently does not respond to “do not track” browser headers, but you can limit the effects of some tracking by taking the steps above. 

#### Security

Career China uses physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your information against loss or unauthorized access, use, modification, or deletion. However, no security program is 100% secure, and thus we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your Personal or Other Information. 

####  Your Choices and Access to Information 

You may review, change, or place limitations on how we use or share your Personal Information, as follows: 

If you want to learn more about the Personal Information that Career China has about you, or you would like to update or change that information, please contact us. If you no longer want to receive marketing communications from Career China, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions that are included at the bottom of each message. Please note that if you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, you will still receive administrative messages. 

#### Changes to this Policy

Technology and the Internet are rapidly changing. We may change the Services in the future and as a consequence will need to revise this Policy to reflect those changes. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services with an “effective date” that indicates when the revised Privacy Policy will take effect. We encourage you to review this page periodically. 

Third-Party Links, Websites, and Apps 

The Services may contain links to and from the websites or apps of other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites or apps, please note that these websites and apps, and any services that may be accessible through them, have their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites or apps. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Services and to read the privacy policies applicable to such third-party websites and apps. This Policy applies solely to information collected in connection with the Services. 

#### Sensitive Information

We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information on or through the Services. Such information includes, but is not limited to, social security numbers, financial account information (except for payment information as required), and information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership. 
