> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the careerzeal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130731060713id_/http%3A//www.careerzeal.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

###### Privacy Policy

  * Privacy issues are a high priority for us at Careerzeal and we follow standard industry practices to maintain your personal information. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. This information will be used by Careerzeal to send your invitation along with a message that you write. The names and email addresses of people that you invite will be used only to send your invitation and reminders. You will also have the option to upload your contact information either manually or via a computer upload directly from your Hotmail, Yahoo or Outlook section into your own private address book on Careerzeal. All information entered there will only be viewable by you and will not be searchable by others in the Careerzeal network without your permission. All information that you enter or upload about your contacts will be covered by the same terms of this Privacy Policy as it covers your own, personally-identifiable information.
  * Careerzeal recognizes you as a registered member. You must login with your login email and password. At the time of login, you will have the option to instruct the site to remember you so when you come back next time to use Careerzeal, you would not have to login with your email and password. As is common in the industry, Careerzeal uses the technology of cookies and site log files to monitor user registration, to recognize registered members when they revisit the site and to track site usage. Our ability to identify you as a ‘registered member’ allows us to customize the Careerzeal experience and to protect your personal information based upon your account settings.
  * Careerzeal file logging system automatically logs all of this information in its log files for its analysis, communication standards of the Internet industry transmit the URL of the site from which you visit Careerzeal, the IP address of your computer, the IP address of your ISP, various attributes of your computer such as operating system, resolution and browser software, and the date and time of your various requests for pages on Careerzeal. Careerzeal may also sign-up with their name and email address for a variety of newsletters that Careerzeal produces with varying frequency (e.g., News headlines) without having to register. Careerzeal confirms the subscription by sending an email to the email address specified before sending the newsletter.



**Online Registration**

In order to become a Careerzeal member, you must first create a member account on Careerzeal by providing information about yourself including but not limited to name, email address, country, ZIP/postal code, birth date, a brief summary of yourself and a password. Careerzeal checks for the validity of the email addresses. Careerzeal will show such information to enable personal networking only based on your preference.

Whether you register on Careerzeal, what parts of your profile you fill, who you add to your network and what visibility levels you want to set for your profile are entirely up to you in the form of settings you can make on your profile. You also have the ability to change these settings at any point in time. The path of members that connect you with another member of your network will be displayed to that member. This network path will not be shown to those who are not members of your personal network.

Careerzeal is an online website that offers education hub designed to connect people from around the world. The information, whether personal information of any form of self-expression is used to help you describe yourself to other users. Careerzeal also collects additional information in order to operate and improve our service.

Careerzeal also provides a variety of forums for its members to express themselves in the form of articles, columns, opinions, comments, reviews, art and photographs. Since this expression is linked to the member's identity and the expression is in the public domain, the compilation of a member's creative contributions to Careerzeal will be visible to all visitors of Careerzeal whether or not they are registered members of Careerzeal.

Careerzeal takes your privacy very seriously. Careerzeal will never sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to any third parties unless it is to carry out your instructions and to provide specific services. As an example, we send your information to a credit card processing company to process a payment you have made for the use of a Careerzeal service. You will be able to create and share messages within your personal network. The visibility of these private notes will be restricted to your network unless you or one of the members in your network chooses to forward it to others within or outside Careerzeal.

Careerzeal generally communicates with you as a registered member of Careerzeal through the primary email that you have specified at the time of registration. This is also used as the login text string in conjunction with the password to authenticate you on the Careerzeal site. Your email and password are never shared with anybody within or outside Careerzeal. Careerzeal uses this email address to send you three types of communications:

  * Sending you emails related to the proper functioning of your account (e.g. when you receive a response to a classified you have posted on Careerzeal or when you receive an invitation to join the personal network of another person) 
  * Sending you newsletters that you have subscribed to
  * Sending you occasional announcements about changes in Careerzeal's policies or promotions introduction of new services
  * Please note that these email communications may contain commercial messages of advertisers. However, Careerzeal does not provide your personal information or emails to any of the advertisers. We just include the advertising banners provided to us in the emails that we send. As always, you can opt out of the newsletters or promotional announcements.



Careerzeal reserves the right to provide aggregate demographic information of its member base to advertisers and others so as to attract pertinent advertisers to advertise on Careerzeal. We do not shared personal information of individual users with advertisers. Third parties are bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information. In addition, Careerzeal may share your information to send direct mailers or complementary coupons/offers to a mailing agency to process postal mailing. Again, such an agency would be bound by strict confidentiality agreements that limit their use of such information.

Once you provide the basic information to create an account, provision of this additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional. It allows you to better identify yourself and create superior networking opportunities with other through shared contexts but it enables you to better identify yourself and find new opportunities on Careerzeal. Your Profile information can only be viewed by other Careerzeal visitors or registered members or members of your personal network only depending on the option you choose.

You will be able to send emails to others—members and non-members, through the Careerzeal system. For example, you may send a comment on an article written by another member. Or you may send an email invitation to a non-member to join your personal network. In these instances, these emails will list your name and email address in the header of the message. The recipients of these emails initiated by you will get to know your name and email address. Careerzeal is not responsible for how these recipients use this information. Your contact information will only be shared with another member only if both of you indicated you would like to establish contact with each other.

Only registered members of Careerzeal are allowed to communicate with you through Careerzeal through a form on Careerzeal. Unless and until you respond to this email, they will not get to know your email address. You may, however, choose an account setting that prevents any other member from contacting you or inviting you to join their personal network. It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by the Law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.

**Accessing & Changing Your Account Information**

You can review the personal information you provided us and make any desired changes to the information, or to the settings for your Careerzeal account, at any time by logging in to your account on the Careerzeal website and editing the information on your Profile page. You can also close your account through the Careerzeal website by sending your request to [member.relations@sulekha.net](mailto:member.relations@sulekha.net) with your login email address. You request will be processed within 7 business days.

Careerzeal.com is committed to ensuring and enforcing a safe and friendly online community space for all our members. To this effect, we have come up with a Policy on Abuse that we would like all our members to be aware of. These rules govern the use of the Careerzeal.com website and its product/service offerings and we would like all our members to cooperate in complying with these rules so that everyone can have a pleasant experience.

**Conduct & Use of Language:**

  * Do not post any material that is obscene, defamatory, profane, libelous, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful or embarrassing towards other person(s) or an entity. We encourage a healthy exchange of opinions and disagreements. By all means challenge an opinion but please do it respectfully. Name-calling, insults and use of foul or abusive language will not be tolerated. This includes the use of offensive member Display Names and URLs (your personal website address on Careerzeal.com). 
  * Please be sure before you divulge the details of your identity or personal information in your post(s), including photos of yourself or your family and friends. Anything posted online is accessible to the entire internet community and Careerzeal.com is not liable in cases where such information is misused. Please be aware of the general dangers of online information sharing like identity theft, phasing and other fraudulent activities. Member contributions must be civil and tasteful and must not be malicious or designed to offend. Use of swear-words or profanity is strictly prohibited.
  * Do not refer to the personality of other participants or attack an individual's character or personally insult another member. Do not use the Network to harass, threaten or verbally abuse or intimidate anyone, or behave in any manner that would cause annoyance or distress to other members.
  * Members of Careerzeal.com may not insult or defame the site, including any of its employees, moderators or freelancers. You may not post the contents (in part or whole) of any email that you may receive from any Careerzeal.com employee(s) and/or moderator. Members of Careerzeal.com are not permitted to collect or distribute personal data concerning other members at any time.
  * A member of Careerzeal.com must not impersonate another member. Do not post chain letters, promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses.



**Copyrighted Material**

Uploading copies of copyrighted material as a whole or in part on Careerzeal.com without explicit permission from the copyright owner shall be deemed to infringe on the copyright and this applies to materials such as text, images, music, movies, games, and other software in digital and analog format. Careerzeal.com reserves the right to immediately delete such material without prior permission/consultation from the member. If you suspect that an image submitted to Careerzeal.com is copyright protected and has been used fraudulently, please contact us immediately or send an email to [info@careerzeal.com](mailto:info@careerzeal.com)

**Safety Guidelines**

  *     * All members are responsible for the safety of their personal information. We recommend that members do not disclose their names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers or other personal information online.
    * All members need to be aware that when they upload their photos to the site, the photos are not only visible to the entire internet community but can also be downloaded, since any image that can be displayed on a computer screen can be saved by the person viewing it. It is technically not possible to prevent this and hence Careerzeal.com cannot be held liable in such cases. If you are worried about someone else viewing or saving your images then please do not submit them.
    * Do not post chain letters, promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses.
    * Do not recruit members to join another website forum or chat group, whether personal or otherwise. If you have a suggestion for a new forum, please contact us or send your queries to [member.relations@sulekha.net](mailto:member.relations@sulekha.net)
    * Careerzeal.com encourages healthy discussion on the topics that members contribute to in forums and where relevant, members are allowed to post links to their content. However, overt-promotion or inappropriate links to other known commercial websites on any forum are not permitted and will be removed. If you are unsure whether a link or a posting is allowed, please send your queries to [info@careerzeal.com](mailto:info@careerzeal.com)
    * The definition of an appropriate link is one that is relevant to both the posting and the forum topic. A commercial site is considered as one which promotes a product or service for a price or for other consideration that suggests it is a for-profit business.
    * All members are reminded that they may be held legally accountable for what they say or do online. In particular, members may be held liable for any defamatory comments, threats and/or untrue statements or other illegal and fraudulent claims made by them. 
    * Careerzeal.com does not endorse the opinions expressed by its members. If any member fails to observe the above rules of conduct at any time, Careerzeal.com reserves the right to terminate the membership of the member and/or delete all their contributions (either temporarily or permanently) from the site, depending on the nature and severity of the breach and without prior warning or consent of the member.

Careerzeal.com is always reaching out to a wider audience by showcasing the best of its member contributions. However, in doing so, we will not allow to be uploaded anything on the site that we think could be potentially endangering or is inflammatory or embarrassing to our members. It also helps members to be aware of certain things in the interest of their safety, such as:

**Legalities**

Registration as a Careerzeal.com member at any time past or present and use of the Careerzeal.com website and all its product/service offerings will be taken as acceptance of the above rules of conduct. Careerzeal.com's decision on all matters is final and binding on its members. Legal jurisdiction for all disputes is the Delhi Courts in India. 

