> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carfax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626023505id_/https%3A//www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CARFAX Privacy Policy

### Effective November 2017

**_This Privacy Statement applies to CARFAX.com and myCARFAX.com and the CARFAX and myCARFAX mobile device applications intended for use by consumers (collectively, “CARFAX web sites”) and governs all data collection and usage through these CARFAX web sites. By using CARFAX web sites, you signify your consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Statement and agree that your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Terms of Use._** You should check this Privacy Statement frequently for any changes. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us by visiting our Help Center or writing to us (please include your name, mailing address and email address with your inquiry):

Consumer Affairs  
CARFAX, Inc.  
5860 Trinity Parkway  
Suite 600  
Centreville, VA 20120

**Protecting the privacy of children  
**CARFAX web sites are not directed at children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide any personally identifiable information. If you are under 13, please do not provide any information about yourself.

**Information collected**  
**Use of the information**  
**Protection of the information**  
**Disclosure of the information to third parties**  
**Third party links**  
**How to update or change the information and opt out of marketing emails**  
**Updates to this Privacy Statement**

**Information collected** **[(back to top)](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)**  
CARFAX will collect your name, mailing address, email address, and payment card information when you purchase CARFAX® Vehicle History ReportsTM (“CARFAX Reports”). For services offered at no cost to you, such as myCARFAX, and CARFAX Used Car Listings, CARFAX may require you to create an account and provide an email address and password. CARFAX may also require a Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) or license plate information to provide the relevant vehicle history information. If you submit a request for information on any CARFAX web sites, CARFAX will collect any information you submit in connection with your request, including but not limited to, name, email address, telephone number, and any personalized message included in your request. In addition, CARFAX may collect other information that you may submit in the course of searching for vehicles or creating an account such as zip code and/or type of vehicle viewed. If you call a toll-free telephone number provided on any CARFAX web site, CARFAX may record the call, as well as the date, time and length of your call and the phone number from which the call originated, along with other information that may be captured, and all such captured information may be used as described in this Privacy Statement.

CARFAX may also allow you to (1) enter information regarding your vehicle, (2) share feedback related to third party products or services and (3) submit other content or materials through public postings on CARFAX web sites. Please be aware that any information that you disclose through such postings may be viewable by others; please do not disclose any personally identifiable information or other sensitive information.

CARFAX web sites may contain web beacons to collect data regarding user traffic patterns. CARFAX web sites use cookies to collect information about your computer hardware (desktop, laptop, mobile devices and mobile device identifiers etc.) and software, including but not limited to, referring domains, the type of browser used, operating system software, screen resolutions, color capabilities, IP addresses and plug-ins. We may collect, or have a third party collect on our behalf, data on the number of visits, paths taken, time spent on CARFAX web sites, how visitors use and navigate through the CARFAX web sites (examples include, the number of users who visit various pages within the CARFAX web sites, information accessed by such visitors, whether they scroll up or down on particular pages or complete any forms). Currently, CARFAX uses third-party software to monitor the CARFAX web sites, and such software may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. You may control the data being collected from your visit by Dataium through a universal consumer options page located at <http://www.dataium.com/consumers>/. In addition, CARFAX may use Firebase Analytics provided by Google to collect certain information. To learn more about how Firebase Analytics collects and uses data, please visit [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners)/. CARFAX may also collect (for itself or through a third party service provider) information about pages visited, vehicles researched and viewed and other similar information to create a better user experience and to serve targeted advertising.  Such data may be collected and used by CARFAX’s third party service provider, Criteo SA, for cross device linking purposes.  To learn more about how Criteo collects and uses such information and to opt out, please visit Criteo’s privacy page at <http://www.criteo.com/privacy/>.  CARFAX may include web beacons in some of our email communications to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.

If you permit CARFAX to access your geolocation information through any CARFAX web site, CARFAX may collect (or have a third party collect) and store information sufficient for address identification. CARFAX may use such geolocation information to identify your location and provide information regarding vehicles and dealerships in your then-current location. CARFAX may also use the information to provide notifications regarding other CARFAX products and services and other special offers and promotions related to the used car buying and ownership process. Your mobile device offers the ability to disable CARFAX’s access to your geolocation information at any time. For android device users, CARFAX may use Google Maps and if CARFAX uses Google Maps to use map services to you, your use of the applicable CARFAX web site will also be subject to [Google’s privacy policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).  
  
If you choose to participate in CARFAX surveys while on CARFAX web sites you may be asked to provide other anonymous demographic information such as zip code, age, gender, preferences and interests.

**Use of the information** **[(back to top)](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)**  
CARFAX uses the information you provide to deliver services requested by you. As more specifically explained under the heading Disclosure of the information to third parties, if you submit a request for information on any CARFAX web site, you agree that CARFAX may share the information you submit with third parties, as necessary to respond to your request. You may also receive emails from CARFAX offering additional CARFAX products and services and other special offers and promotions related to the used car buying and ownership process. Information related to your vehicle that you submit through myCARFAX may be included in the vehicle history information for that vehicle.

We use information collected through cookies and web beacons to analyze usage, learn about users and deliver customized content and advertising and uncover ways in which we can improve CARFAX web sites and make them easier to use. Information provided by visitors to the CARFAX web sites who choose to complete user surveys helps us better understand how visitors to the CARFAX web sites are using CARFAX information and develop better products and services for you. CARFAX occasionally appends data collected through CARFAX web sites with third party data to effectively plan customer communications and marketing campaigns and analyze how the CARFAX web sites are used.  
  
CARFAX may use your account login information to track your use across devices to provide a better experience on the CARFAX  web sites.

**Protection of the information** **[(back to top)](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)**  
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards against unauthorized access to the information CARFAX collects. For example, when you complete the CARFAX Report order form, all information you enter is encrypted via a secure sockets layer (SSL) before it is sent over the Internet to our secure servers and/or credit card processor, as applicable. We do not retain the full payment card account number submitted in the process of purchasing a CARFAX Report in our systems, but we may store partial payment card numbers for up to six months for our reference. To protect against unauthorized access to your account, we recommend that you protect your password, log out of your account and close your browser after each use.

**Disclosure of the information to third parties** **[(back to top)](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)**  
CARFAX may disclose personal information about you: (i) to provide you with a better user experience; (ii) as provided in this Privacy Statement, (iii) to defend against legal claims or otherwise protect our rights, (ii) as required by law, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on CARFAX, (iv) for purposes of law enforcement investigations, and/or (v) with your consent. If you submit a request for information through the CARFAX web sites, you agree that CARFAX may share the information you submit with third parties, as necessary to respond to your request. Such third parties’ use or disclosure of the information you submit is subject to their privacy policies and practices and CARFAX has no control over the subsequent use or disclosure of any information you provide. If CARFAX offers functionality to share information via email or social media on any CARFAX web site page and you choose to use such functionality, the information you provide may be shared with recipients. CARFAX may share with third parties, including but not limited to, other users and vendors: (1) information you submit regarding your vehicle through myCARFAX, (2) your feedback regarding third party products or services and (3) any other content or materials you submit through public posting on any CARFAX web site.

We may share non-personal, anonymous, statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with our advertisers, service providers or other third parties. We may also disclose information collected through cookies and web beacons to our affiliates or to third parties, who may aggregate such online activity information across multiple web sites and may use such information for predictive advertising, measuring the effectiveness of advertising, cross device linking or for other purposes. To learn more or to make choices about their use of your information, please click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.  
  
CARFAX uses third party service providers to perform various functions such as processing credit card transactions, analyzing data, serving advertisements and providing marketing assistance.

**Third party links** [**(back to top)**](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)  
  
CARFAX web sites and emails may include links to third party web sites and/or the opportunity to share on social media (such as the “Share” or “Like” features on Facebook). Your access to such third party web sites or use of social media features is subject to the privacy policies and practices of those third party web sites and/or social media providers. CARFAX does not control the collection, use or disclosure of any information on such third party links. You may access CARFAX web sites through links on third party web sites. By entering CARFAX web sites through a third party web site you may be allowing such third party’s web site to view any information you provide to CARFAX. If you are concerned about entering through a third party web site, you can access CARFAX web sites directly at [www.carfax.com](https://www.carfax.com/), [www.mycarfax.com](https://www.mycarfax.com/) or by downloading the CARFAX and myCARFAX mobile device applications intended for use by consumers. CARFAX is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party web sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any web sites through which you access CARFAX web sites or which you access through CARFAX web sites or emails to better understand such third party web sites’ data collection and use practices.

**How to update or change the information and opt out of marketing emails** **[(back to top)](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)**  
You may update or change the information pertaining to your account by contacting CARFAX by [clicking here](http://support.carfax.com/c_contactus). You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from CARFAX when you complete the CARFAX Report order form, or you may unsubscribe at any time by using the link included on all marketing emails. To unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails from CARFAX you can [unsubscribe here](https://www.carfax.com/unsubscribe). If you choose to opt out of receiving promotional emails, you will only receive emails in connection with the CARFAX services to which you have subscribed.  
  
To opt out of receiving targeted content and advertisements on CARFAX web sites you can change your browser options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from any web site. You will be able to access and use CARFAX web sites with cookies disabled, but the user experience may not be customized to your interests and needs.

**Updates to this Privacy Statement** **[(back to top)](https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement#top)**  
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Any changes to the Privacy Statement will be posted here. If the changes are significant, we will provide you additional, prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances.

Top of Form
