> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carhartt-wip.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170223005212id_/https%3A//www.carhartt-wip.com/en/service/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | carhartt-wip.com

Proper handling of your information with due regard to your personal rights as well as observance of your right to informational self-determination when using your personal data is a major concern to us. Collection, processing and use of your personal data conform to relevant legal provisions, particularly to European data protection directives and their implementation in national laws. Work in Progress Textilhandels GmbH reserves the right to adapt this privacy policy to amended statutory provisions and regulations at any time. Please keep up with changes to our privacy policy by accessing it on our website using the appropriate link. 

(1) Automatic collection, processing and use of personal data

(1.1) Web service log files 

When you access the web pages of our website with your browser, our online shop server automatically stores the information required for the operation of a web service in log files, including the name of your browser, the name of your internet service provider, the IP address of your PC, the address of the web page from which you accessed our online shop, the name of your operating system, the web pages you visit on our website, as well as the date and duration of your visit. This information is temporarily stored in the log files and automatically deleted afterward. The purpose of this storage is, in case of a problem, to enable an analysis of activities which possibly caused the fault. 

(1.2) Cookies 

Cookies are small text files which a web server saves in a certain section of the browser of a user of a website. Cookies are completely harmless for your computer, and do not save any personal data such as names, addresses or payment information. Instead, they provide information to improve the user experience on our website, to manage a shopping cart or to be able to show advertising specially tailored to the user. 

**Cookie management in the Carhartt WIP Web Shop**

Our use of cookies is described in detail in [ Carhartt WIP Cookie Management](http://documente.carhartt-wip.com/b2c/doc/carhartt-wip_cookie-management_2016-08-18_English.pdf). 

In accordance with the European Cookie Directive, the consent of the user is required for setting permanent cookies that serve purposes other than ensuring correct communication with the web server. 

When you enter our site for the first time, a banner is shown pointing out our use of cookies. If you click this banner to close it, or if you click the Agree button, a carharttVisted cookie is saved on your computer with the value true, provided your browser permits the setting of cookies, since you have agreed to the use of cookies, either explicitly or through your behavior. As long as this cookie is present, the cookie banner is not shown. 

_Right of Revocation and Objection_

You can opt out of cookies (including the Google Analytics cookies) being placed by our website by changing your browser settings for handling cookies based on the information in the [ Carhartt WIP Cookie Management](http://documente.carhartt-wip.com/b2c/doc/carhartt-wip_cookie-management_2016-08-18_English.pdf). 

(1.3) Web Analysis Tool Google Analytics 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. To protect your privacy, this website will render your IP Address anonymous before it is transferred to Google. Only in exceptional cases will your IP address be transmitted in full length and rendered anonymous by Google in the US. The operator of this website has commissioned Google to use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address collected by Google Analytics with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our online shop. The deletion of permanent cookies after a visit to our online shop will not result in any impairment. 

_Right of Revocation_

Regardless of the way your browser handles cookies, you can opt out of any collection, transfer, and processing of Google Analytics related data (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a Browser Plug–In, which can be downloaded using this link <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

For more information about Google terms of service and privacy policies, go to   
[ http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html) or [ https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/](https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/). 

(1.4) Google E-commerce Tracking 

We use Google e-commerce tracking in our online shop. Based on Google Analytics, Google collects, on our behalf, information about products added by customers to a shopping cart and provides this information to us in anonymized reports, i.e. without a personal reference option. You can prevent this tracking by installing the Google Analytics deactivation plug-in in your browser as described in (1.3). 

_Right of Revocation_

You can prevent this tracking by installing the Google Analytics deactivation plug-in in your browser as described in (1.3). 

(1.5) Facebook Remarketing 

Via Google Tag Manager, we have added to our web pages remarketing tags from the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. When you visit our web pages, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the remarketing tags, so your IP address is sent to the Facebook server. If you are logged in to Facebook as a member at this time, data is transferred to your Facebook account via the remarketing tags. With respect to the processing of your data at Facebook remarketing, the partner company Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, is the responsible authority regarding data protection laws. To find out more about Facebook privacy policies, go to [ https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). 

Through Facebook Remarketing, we offer users logged into Facebook (Custom Audiences) tailor-made advertising, but without knowing the identity of the user at any time. 

_Right of Revocation_

[If you do not want Facebook to show you advertising via Custom Audiences, you can cancel this by clicking this line.](https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/) You have to be logged in to Facebook to change your Facebook profile accordingly. 

(1.6) Affiliate Partner Programs 

We cooperate with several partners that promote our products on the internet. If you were redirected by one of the advertisements run by our partners to our online shop, a corresponding cookie is set. If you make a purchase in our shop afterward, the partner will receive a commission for this. Your personal data is not disclosed to the partner at any time during this process. We process these data pseudonymously; we do not combine these data with information on the bearer of the respective pseudonym under any circumstances. 

_Right of Revocation_

Our partners make use of so-called “third-party cookies” in these programs. You can prevent this by changing the cookie settings to “Disable third-party cookies” in your browser settings accordingly. 

(1.7) Retargeting 

We use retargeting technologies to selectively advertise products on our partners' websites in which you were interested in our shop.   
During retargeting advertising material is adapted and displayed based on a cookie-based and anonymized analysis of the previous user behavior. No personal data are stored. 

_Right of Revocation_

You can opt out the use of data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of our website by adjusting your browser settings to refuse third-party cookies. 

(1.8) Web analysis using tools by Epoq 

Our web shop uses tools by epoq internet services GmbH, Am Rüppurrer Schloss 1, 76199 Karlsruhe, Germany ([ https://www.epoq.de](https://www.epoq.de/)), to collect and save usage data; these data are saved in pseudonymous usage profiles. Cookies are used to collect and assign the analysis data. The information thus collected can be transferred to an epoq server abroad and saved there. The usage profiles are evaluated for purposes of analyzing visitor behavior and for the personalization of our advertised offers. However, no information that would make it possible to find out your identity as a user of the web shop is collected or saved in the pseudonymous profiles. 

_Opt-out option_

You can opt out of the collection of the data created by the cookie and referring to your use of our website by setting your browser so that cookies are not accepted. 

(1.9) Advertising by partner companies 

When you click advertising by one of our partner companies when you are visiting our web shop, a cookie of the partner company may be set as a so-called third-party cookie. With such third party cookies, an advertiser can log your visits to all sites where his advertising is shown. 

_Right of Revocation_

If you are concerned about this, you can disable third-party cookies in your Browser. Please see our [ Carhartt WIP Cookie Management](http://documente.carhartt-wip.com/b2c/doc/carhartt-wip_cookie-management_2016-08-18_English.pdf). 

(2) Collection and use of your information

(2.1) Opening a Customer Account 

As a registered customer, your user name and password give you access to your personal customer account, where you can not only view and change your personal data (for example your address), but also check your orders. 

We create a customer account for you if you have explicitly requested us to do so. To create a customer account, we collect from you the information we need to create the account (e.g. name and email address). 

Before we create your account, we ask you to accept the General Terms and Conditions of Work in Progress Textilhandels GmbH (referred to as Carhartt Work in Progress or Carhartt WIP) and to consent to your data being saved and used, as follows: 

**I accept the General Terms and Conditions of Carhartt Work in Progress and consent to the use of my data by Carhartt Work in Progress and affiliated companies. For more details, please refer to the data privacy statement. I can revoke this consent at any time.**

If you have any questions about your customer account or wish to delete it, please email us at [onlineshop@carhartt-wip.com](mailto:onlineshop@carhartt-wip.com). 

(2.2) Further details on the use of your data 

By the use of your data, we mean that we use the data you gave us during your registration, usage data on your interest in our products as well as your purchasing history on our website carhartt-wip.com and in the Carhartt WIP stores to be able to provide you with personalized offers in our web shop as well as in the Carhartt WIP stores. For this purpose, we process your data internally and forward these to the European Carhartt WIP stores. Your data are not forwarded to other third parties. Of course you can still go shopping in the Carhartt WIP stores without identifying yourself as a registered customer. 

You can revoke your consent at any time by emailing us at [onlineshop@carhartt-wip.com](mailto:onlineshop@carhartt-wip.com). 

(2.3) Information for processing your order 

To enable optimum processing of your order, we collect and store information required for business purposes and communicate it, if required, to the companies (payment, logistics, shipping) involved in the completion of your order. 

The payment process is handled by an external service provider. For this purpose you will temporarily be redirected to the service provider’s website when you place your order (check out). Basically, Work in Progress Textilhandels GmbH does not collect or store your credit card information, your Paypal or Postfinance account information. Payment information may temporarily be stored as an exception only for returns or complaints and only if you provide this information to us. 

We will use your e-mail address to send you status information about your order. As an unregistered shopper, you will be asked to state your e-mail address with every order. It will not be used for any other purpose unless you expressly consent to this. 

(2.4) Use of data for the newsletter 

You have received an electronic newsletter from us because you explicitly ordered it. We use usage data on your interest in our products as well as your purchasing history in the web shop to provide you with personalized offers in our newsletter. 

_Right of Revocation_

You can revoke your consent to receiving the newsletter at any time. The easiest way is simply to click the relevant link in our newsletter. 

(3) Further privacy policies

(3.1) Controller of the data file 

The controller of the data file in terms of data privacy is the company stated in the site notice. This company is responsible solely for the web pages published on the domain [carhartt-wip.com](https://carhartt-wip.com/ "CARHARTT WIP"), however not for partner company web pages which may be linked from web pages of our website. 

(3.2) Linked web pages 

The respective partner company is responsible for data privacy on linked web pages. Please refer to the website notice information or privacy policy of the linked website. Please direct any queries or requests in connection with your rights as a person concerned with regard to access, correction, deletion and disabling to the corresponding controller of the partner company. 

(3.3) Social Media 

On the main page and on various product pages, our web shop shows buttons linking you to so-called social media. At the moment, these are our pages on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, SoundCloud and Pinterest. A connection to the servers of the social media is not established until you click one of the buttons. 

The respective provider himself is responsible for data protection in the social media. Please look up the information in the legal notes or the data privacy statement of the social medium in question. 

(3.4) Privacy officer 

Work in Progress Textilhandels GmbH has appointed a privacy officer who can provide you with information about all data privacy issues at Work in Progress Textilhandels GmbH. If you have any questions about data privacy, please feel free to contact our privacy officer directly: 

DSB Datenschutz Extern   
Reinhard M. Novak   
Schlierbergstrasse 1   
D-79100 Freiburg (Germany) 

Tel.: +49-761-58539335   
E-Mail: [wip@dsb-ext.com](mailto:wip@dsb-ext.com)   
Web: [ www.dsb-ext.com](http://www.dsb-ext.com/)

Version: June 2016 
