> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carinsurancepremiums.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111226021621id_/http%3A//www.carinsurancepremiums.net/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We at CarInsurancePremiums.net recognize the importance of privacy rights and protecting personal information. This web site does not collect personally identifiable information about you without your knowledge. For example, if you submit an email address on an information request form, such information is done so in an obvious fashion. We will use such information for the purpose intended and stated on the information request forms you use. Please note that CarInsurancePremiums.net contains links to other web sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. Each linking site should state a privacy policy and terms of use for your review.

Advertising / Cookies: The ads appearing on this web site may be delivered to users by third parties such as Google or through affiliate advertising relationships. CarInsurancePremiums.net currently does set a very simple cookie to help us identify how you first entered the site. This cookie tells us only if you entered through an advertisement, a search on Google, MSN, or Yahoo for example. That's it! Ads with links to external sites may request a cookie when clicked. The use of such cookies are the responsibility of the respective advertiser (not CarInsurancePremiums.net) and/or third party and should be noted on the external site's privacy policy. In general our advertisers and third parties are not allowed to use or store personally identifiable information unless granted permission by you, through information request forms or an obvious registration process for example.

Notice of Changes: If we decide to change our legal and/or privacy policy, we will post those changes to this web page, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate. We will notify our users of what information we collect (if any), how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will only use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.

Contact Information: Please use the [**Contact Us**](https://web.archive.org/web/20111226021621id_/http%3A//www.carinsurancepremiums.net/contact.html) links on this site to submit any questions regarding our terms of use statement.
