> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the caribbeancupid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070630083356id_/http%3A//www.caribbeancupid.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENTS

Oistins Bay Trading Company, Inc. ("

Oistins Bay") has created this Privacy Statement (Policy) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to helping our users better understand what information we collect about them and what may happen to that information.  Oistins Bay respects the privacy of every person who visits or uses our websites.  This Privacy Statement outlines the information Oistins Bay collects and how we use that information.  CHILDREN ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO USE OUR SERVICES, AND WE ASK THAT MINORS (UNDER THE AGE OF 18) DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US.

OVERVIEW

As part of the normal operation of our services, we collect, and, in some cases, may disclose information about you.  By accepting this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner prescribed in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Oistins Bay [Terms of Service](http://www.caribbeancupid.com/terms_of_use.php).  This Privacy Statement applies to all Oistins Bay sites, including CaribbeanCupid.com (the "Website" or "Websites"). 

INFORMATION WE COLLECT  
  
Oistins Bay's primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to give you a meaningful, enjoyable and customized experience while using our websites and services. Personal information also allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your online experience smooth and efficient. 

You agree that in order to assist our members to meet each other we may feature members' profiles in our advertising, editorials and newsletters that we send out from time to time to our members.  Your name, address and telephone number are confidential and will not be posted in your profile.  Your profile is available for other members to view.  Members' profiles include a description and photos, likes and dislikes, individual essays and other information helpful in determining matches.  Your viewable profile does not include any identifying information about you, except the username you chose upon registering. 

Please note that your personally identifiable information will be stored and processed on our computers in the  United States. The laws on holding personal data in the United States may differ from the laws of other countries, but, as we explain below, Oistins Bay strives to hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. 

We may automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on our Websites using cookies and other devices. We use this information for internal research on our members' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not). Which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address. 

We may use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Websites. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie."  Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.  You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits. 

We may use a third party advertising company to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. We, or the third party, may also collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site. This is primarily accomplished through the use of a technology device, commonly referred to as a Web beacon or an action tag, which we place on various Web pages within our Web site or in an html e-mail that allows us to collect anonymous information. We may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you. To change your email preferences and opt-out of any communications from our Websites,  [contact us](http://www.caribbeancupid.com/contact.php).

We use information in the files we maintain about you, and the other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Websites to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms and Conditions. You agree that we may use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize our site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs. 

You agree that we may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use on the Websites. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may opt out of the receipt of certain communications by [ contacting us](http://www.caribbeancupid.com/contact.php). 

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties. Also, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or members may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Websites. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private. 

We ** do not** sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed. 

_Financial Information_. Under some circumstances we may require additional information such as credit card details, which is used to bill you for use of our services, check your qualifications, and enable you to participate in discount, rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information on the Websites, you consent to our providing of your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine are necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. By purchasing products or services of third parties offered on the Websites, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties. Any of these various third parties may be authorized to use your financial information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information that you submit to us. 

_Advertisers_. We may aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. Certain information, such as your name, email address, password, credit card number and bank account number, are never disclosed to marketing advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and certain action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. 

_External Service Providers_. There may be a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Websites. If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their private policy. 

_Other Corporate Entities_. We may share our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with any of our parent companies and/or subsidiaries throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. Our parent and/or subsidiaries will follow privacy practices no less protective of all members than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. It is possible that Oistins Bay and/or its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that Oistins Bay would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You will receive notice of such event, if it occurs, and of any changes to this Privacy Policy.

_Legal Requests_. Oistins Bay cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. You authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. 

YOUR USE OF OTHER MEMBERS’ INFORMATION

Our services may also include access to instant messaging and chat rooms. As a member you have access to other members’ nicknames, and you might gain access to other contact information of members through the use of instant messaging and chat rooms. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree that any personally identifiable information that you obtain through instant messaging communication, chat rooms and email may be used only for: (a) Website-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, and (b) any other purpose that such member expressly agrees to after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s). In all cases, you must give members an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another member to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other member after adequate disclosure. Oistins Bay and our members do not tolerate spam. Therefore, without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add an Oistins Bay member to your mail list (email or physical mail) without their express written consent after adequate disclosure. To report spam from other Oistins Bay members, please [ contact us](http://www.caribbeancupid.com/contact.php). 

ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PROFILE

Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted during registration, such as your password, e-mail address, name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, profile, likes and dislikes, desired date profile, and essays. In the event of such changes, we may keep track of your old information.  Upon your written request, we will terminate your membership and remove all contact and financial information from our active databases as soon as reasonably possible. 

We may retain in our files certain information you have requested to remove, in order to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored 'back up' systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from all backup databases in response to your requests. 

CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD

You are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password, including fees. Therefore, we do not recommend that you disclose your Website password or login information to any third parties. If you choose to share this information with third parties to provide you additional services, you are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password and therefore should review each third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately contact us to  [ change your password here](http://www.caribbeancupid.com/contact.php). 

OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS

Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Websites or on other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since Oistins Bay does not control the privacy policies of the third parties, you are subject to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 

SECURITY

Oistins Bay uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, including firewalls and Secure Socket Layers “SSL.” Oistins Bay strives to protect data against loss and unauthorized access. We employ security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the company. However, data is always at risk on the internet, and "perfect security" does not exist. 

NOTICE

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes to this policy are effective after we provide you with at least (30) days notice of changes by sending email to members. We provide you with (30) days notice to allow you the opportunity to notify Oistins Bay if you do not agree to such changes. 
