> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carmax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171107225511id_/https%3A//www.carmax.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CarMax

CarMax Information Privacy & Safeguards Notice 

## GENERAL PRIVACY POLICY - Your privacy rights

Last updated 6/15/16

**

#### This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears.

**

Thank you for visiting the CarMax website (including its mobile device-ready version) or using the CarMax mobile application. In this Privacy and Safeguards Notice, we refer to our websites and mobile application together as our “Media.” We hope that you find our Media to be a useful part of your car-buying experience. Please note that this General Privacy Policy describes our overall privacy practices for the Media. This policy also applies to information collected from consumers in CarMax Superstores. Section II applies to California users. Section III is our privacy policy for nonpublic personal information used in the provision of financial services. Section IV is a summary of tools used to collect information from you and our use of online behavioral advertising.

If any information we have about you is incorrect, we will gladly correct it. Simply [Email ](mailto:optout@carmax.com)us noting the incorrect information and the correction. We reserve the right to verify the correctness of this information.

From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.

**

#### We collect information from and about you and we collect it in different ways.

**We may collect information associated with your IP address, such as the time and date of a visit, the originating domain name, the browser type, and the particular pages or products viewed on the Media. 

We collect certain information that users voluntarily provide to us. For example, we collect the email addresses of those who contact us by email. We also collect information that you voluntarily provide to us in surveys. When you register for a MyCarMax account, we collect your full name, email address, zip code and a password chosen by you. As described above, we use that information to serve you, to improve the content of our Media, and to contact you for marketing purposes.  **As a reminder, if you provide personal information to us for the purposes of a financial service, please see Section III for the applicable privacy policy.**

We also collect information from you passively. CarMax may use a variety of technologies including cookies and web beacons. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them in Section IV, below.

We combine information. For example, we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. We also combine information we collect passively with information you provide to us. We may combine information about our transactions and experiences with you with other information we have collected from you. 

We may also combine financial information we learn about you with other information we collect. Or we may combine information we get from a third party with information we already have. We may also combine previously anonymous information like IP address with other information we have collected to identify an individual.

When you use our mobile device-ready website or mobile application (our “Mobile Media”), we may collect additional information about you that is specific to your mobile device. With your consent, our Mobile Media collects precise information about the geographic location of your device. If your device is equipped with GPS or can connect with wireless access points or hot spots, or if your device is also a phone that communicates with cell towers or satellites, then your device is able to use these features to determine its precise geographic location. If you have consented using your device’s user interface, the geographic location of your device will be transmitted to our servers in real time any time that our mobile application is running (even if you are not actively using the application or it is minimized on your device). Once you set your device to transmit its location information to us, your device will continue to transmit its location information to us (when it is open) until you set your device to no longer do so. You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your device’s location information by accessing the application’s location settings on your device and setting your device not to share its location with us.

We may assign a unique identifier to your mobile device which will enable us to send you push notifications. If you wish to turn off push notifications, go to your device’s settings and turn off push notifications from the CarMax mobile application or turn off push notifications directly through the CarMax mobile application.

We use the information we collect to operate our Media, respond to your requests and manage your MyCarMax account. For example, we use the information to provide you with the results of your searches; to provide you with important information and required notices; and to improve our Media. If you have provided your email address as part of your MyCarMax account, we use your email address to distinguish you from others and to reset your password if you report that it has been lost or stolen. We also use your email address and password to enable you to migrate your account to another device.

You can stop all collection of information by our mobile application by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall process on your mobile device or the mobile application marketplace or network.

We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about newly available vehicles and special offers. We might tell you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps.

We maintain presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, and we also incorporate some third party social networking features onto our Media. Through these platforms and features, we receive information about you, and this Privacy and Safeguards Notice applies to that information as well. In addition, third party social networking platforms and blogging platforms have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them will use and protect your information. In accordance with those policies (and your privacy settings within your social networking accounts) information about your activities on our Media (such as “Mary Smith likes this car” or “John Smith viewed this customer review”) may be published to your social network.

**

#### We use standard security measures.

**

We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the information we collect online. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot provide an absolute guarantee of the security of our information databases or that information that you choose to supply will not be intercepted while you transmit it from your computer, over the internet, or along other third party networks, and to our systems. However, with respect to security: when we intend to transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server using, for example, Transport Layer Security or Secure Sockets Layer security.

**

#### We may share information with third parties to the extent permitted by applicable law.

**

We will share information within the CarMax family of companies. 

We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We may also share information with companies that operate our websites or run a promotion. The information we share may include location information. 

We will share information if you are a winner of a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion. For example, we may share your information if you win a sweepstakes or contest as part of a winner’s list. We may also publish this winner’s list publicly. 

We will share information with our business partners. For example, we will share information with third parties who co-sponsor a promotion. These partners may send you information about events and products by mail or email. 

We will share information if we think we are required to do so or believe that we have to do so in order to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud.

We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction. 

We may share information with third parties for their marketing purposes. 

We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.

**

#### CALIFORNIA USERS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

**

For residents of California Only. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of customers' personal information with third-parties. These businesses are required to accept such requests from customers but are only required to honor one request per calendar year. Businesses have thirty (30) days to respond to each inquiry. Each inquiring customer will receive an explanation of the categories of customer information shared and the names and addresses of the third-party businesses. In limited circumstances, customers' failure to submit requests in the manner specified will not require a response from the business.

**If you are a current CarMax customer in California, you may request such information from CarMax by sending an email correspondence noting your name, address, and email address. You must also include a request that CarMax provide such information to you using the following or similar verbiage. "I request that CarMax provide its third-party information sharing disclosures required by section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code." Press the link at the end of this sentence to create your message:**[ **WebOptOut@carmax.com**](mailto:weboptout@carmax.com) **. The same request may be made by regular mail by sending the above information to CarMax, 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Richmond, VA 23238, ATTENTION: Legal Department.**

[{"Keyword":"appraisal","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sell-my-car","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/sell-my-car","Target":"","TargetId":"5c0dfe16-dfbc-46b2-a761-950b0a0f4b2e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"billpay","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"bill pay","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"CarMax Auto Finance","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"carmax-auto-finance","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-financing/carmax-auto-finance","Target":"","TargetId":"7f5c98cf-5f6d-4bb9-a448-80fc70586bde","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Careers","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://jobs.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Customer Service","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"contact-us","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/about-carmax/contact-us","Target":"","TargetId":"0a9d3175-0c81-4429-ae2d-6f8b6249c204","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"donation","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://foundation.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"employment","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://jobs.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Finance","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"car-financing","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-financing","Target":"","TargetId":"476ec935-ceb6-49a0-ae0b-307de45edd3a","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Financing","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"car-financing","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-financing","Target":"","TargetId":"476ec935-ceb6-49a0-ae0b-307de45edd3a","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"foundation","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://foundation.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Fuel Economy","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"mpg-calculator","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/research/mpg-calculator","Target":"Active Browser","TargetId":"eae991f3-2914-48bc-b753-1ab66c5a56cb","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Glovebox","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"the-glovebox","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/about-carmax/the-glovebox","Target":"","TargetId":"539a4e5b-8263-4e31-ad11-79962f09cb92","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Investor","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=125417&p=irol-irhome","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"investor relations","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=125417&p=irol-irhome","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"jobs","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://jobs.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Login","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sign-in","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/mycarmax/sign-in","Target":"","TargetId":"462ff1ba-c0c7-4329-a281-24cf1a5fcd04","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"log in","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sign-in","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/mycarmax/sign-in","Target":"","TargetId":"462ff1ba-c0c7-4329-a281-24cf1a5fcd04","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Make A Payment","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"MaxCare","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"maxcare-service-plans","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-buying-process/maxcare-service-plans","Target":"","TargetId":"9a82eea1-92ea-487d-8387-43967098d54e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"max care","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"maxcare-service-plans","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-buying-process/maxcare-service-plans","Target":"","TargetId":"9a82eea1-92ea-487d-8387-43967098d54e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"MyCarMax","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sign-in","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/mycarmax/sign-in","Target":"","TargetId":"462ff1ba-c0c7-4329-a281-24cf1a5fcd04","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Online Payment","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Pay Bill","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"payment","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Payment","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://www.cafpayments.com","Target":"","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"payment calculator","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"car-payment-calculator","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-financing/car-payment-calculator","Target":"","TargetId":"ff17d4f4-c154-4f40-a6a1-9940bf42a2ee","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"philanthropy","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://foundation.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Press","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=232927&p=irol-overview","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Pressroom","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=232927&p=irol-overview","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Press Room","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=232927&p=irol-overview","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Quality","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"quality-certified-cars","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-buying-process/why-carmax/quality-certified-cars","Target":"","TargetId":"c1d5624c-e406-45a3-bc44-08c8a0026ef5","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Recall","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"recall-faq","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-buying-process/recall-faq","Target":"","TargetId":"1e3a4788-b21b-408e-ae7d-cbbf297a991e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"recruiting","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://jobs.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Reliability","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"research","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/research","Target":"Active Browser","TargetId":"379d0fe4-36d6-4176-98b2-e40d17225d4b","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"research","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"research","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/research","Target":"","TargetId":"379d0fe4-36d6-4176-98b2-e40d17225d4b","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Safety","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"research","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/research","Target":"Active Browser","TargetId":"379d0fe4-36d6-4176-98b2-e40d17225d4b","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Search","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"search","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/search","Target":"","TargetId":"02e96e41-3d6e-4cc4-a6d1-1963115d5a3b","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"sell my car","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sell-my-car","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/sell-my-car","Target":"","TargetId":"5c0dfe16-dfbc-46b2-a761-950b0a0f4b2e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Sell Your Car","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sell-my-car","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/sell-my-car","Target":"","TargetId":"5c0dfe16-dfbc-46b2-a761-950b0a0f4b2e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Store","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"stores","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/stores","Target":"","TargetId":"feb20b45-e730-481c-8821-950e4f050aa1","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"store job","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://jobs.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"store position","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://jobs.carmax.com","Target":"","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Trade","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sell-my-car","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/sell-my-car","Target":"","TargetId":"5c0dfe16-dfbc-46b2-a761-950b0a0f4b2e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Trade In","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sell-my-car","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/sell-my-car","Target":"","TargetId":"5c0dfe16-dfbc-46b2-a761-950b0a0f4b2e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Trading In","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"sell-my-car","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/sell-my-car","Target":"","TargetId":"5c0dfe16-dfbc-46b2-a761-950b0a0f4b2e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Volunteer","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"http://foundation.carmax.com","Target":"_blank","TargetId":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000","Type":2}},{"Keyword":"Warranty","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"maxcare-service-plans","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-buying-process/maxcare-service-plans","Target":"","TargetId":"9a82eea1-92ea-487d-8387-43967098d54e","Type":4}},{"Keyword":"Warrenty","RedirectLocation":{"Anchor":"","Class":"","Text":"maxcare-service-plans","Query":"","Title":"","Url":"/car-buying-process/maxcare-service-plans","Target":"","TargetId":"9a82eea1-92ea-487d-8387-43967098d54e","Type":4}}]  {"Finance-Application":{"WhiteList":[7106,7242,6021,7103,7104,7117,7243,7171,7197,6042,7150,7284,7218],"BlackList":[]},"Finance-Application-CoApp":{"WhiteList":[7117,7106,7171,7150,7218,7284,7242,6042,6021,7103,7104,7243,7197],"BlackList":[]},"Finance-Application-Suppress-Search-Results":{"WhiteList":[7106,7171,7197],"BlackList":[]},"Home-Delivery":{"WhiteList":[7106,7171,7197],"BlackList":[]}}  {"HP Article Promo":{"Regex":{"__interceptors":[{}],"Regex":"[0123456789abcdef]$"}},"Prequal":{"Regex":{"__interceptors":[{}],"Regex":"[0123456789abcdef]$"}}} 

{"auto-address-switch":{"Enabled":false},"holdformvariantswitch":{"Enabled":false},"paidsearchurlitemsavingswitch":{"Enabled":true},"prequal-employment-and-income-switch":{"Enabled":false},"prequal-monthly-payment-preview-switch":{"Enabled":true},"prequal-on-calculator-switch":{"Enabled":true},"prequal-overtime-rate-switch":{"Enabled":false},"prequal-section-one-variant-switch":{"Enabled":true},"recommendedvehiclessearchresults":{"Enabled":true},"rendermakemodelresearchresultsonserver":{"Enabled":true},"rendermakemodelyearresearchresultsonserver":{"Enabled":true},"rendermakeresearchresultsonserver":{"Enabled":true},"research-pages-redirector-toggle":{"Enabled":true},"robots-txt-toggle":{"Enabled":true}} 
