> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carsort.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171203172321id_/http%3A//carsort.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

CarSort.com is owned and operated by Snapsort Inc.

We do not require that you provide, nor do we collect, any personal information if you are just browsing the Site. We may offer certain functionality and services, such as accessing future services and submitting content (eg product reviews, photos, messages, comments, notes, metadata) that may require you provide certain personal information or may in which in the process of submitting such content inadvertently supply us with personal information. Snapsort will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless: 1) it is necessary in order to provide you with a particular Service you have requested; 2) it is required of Snapsort in order to comply with a legal process in any applicable jurisdiction (e.g., court order, subpoena, search warrant, law enforcement request); 3) Snapsort determines, in its sole discretion, that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Snapsort, its subsidiaries, affiliates, co-brand partners or other parties under contract with Snapsort, our users, or others; or 4) you have provided such data through a partner's site hosted by Snapsort, in which case Snapsort may provide your personal data to that partner (Snapsort is not responsible for its partners' privacy policies or their use, storage and processing of data collected on their web sites).

In certain instances, Snapsort may request that you provide secondary information (e.g., demographic information), which we may use, for example, to learn more about our customers and to develop and improve our services. We may compile your personal information with that collected from other customers to create aggregate data. Aggregate data is information about groups of customers and, once compiled, will in no way identify you as an individual. We may disclose aggregate data to our business affiliates, advertisers, and other parties.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.
