> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carsoup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231073408id_/http%3A//www.carsoup.com/about/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cars Trucks Autos | All DMAs | US National

We want you to understand what information may get collected when you visit carsoup.com online or through mobile applications or when you use services offered on our Website. In some cases that can include what’s called personally identifiable information (“PII”). We also want you to understand under what situations, and how, you can control uses of information we collect. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy. In this explanation of our Privacy Policy, CarSoup of Minnesota, Inc and its franchisees are referred to as "we" or "our." Users of the Site and Services are referred to as "you." 

What We Do

CarSoup of Minnesota, Inc. is a publisher of online and mobile automotive and power sports information for consumers related to automobiles, power sports, and related topics. In addition to publication of vehicle-related information, we offer and implement programs in which information about vehicles or vehicle-related services is made available to you (cumulatively the “Services”). We deliver our Services on [www.carsoup.com](http://www.carsoup.com/) and related subdomains, on our mobile applications, and on our affiliate websites, including with our franchise relationships (collectively the “Site”). Much of the information we publish is aggregated from people and businesses who offer vehicles for sale. However, other types of information may be published on our Site. 

Affiliate Relationships

We maintain relationships in which the Site is integrated into a third party website (i.e. the Site can be accessed from a tab or button on another site). The CarSoup® Privacy Policy is specific to information that is collected about users of the Site. We generally do not know, and cannot be responsible for, how information about you is handled once you leave our Site. That’s true even if you are seamlessly moving onto or out of the CarSoup Site from the website maintained by our affiliate. In some geographical areas we have created franchise relationships in which we license use of the Site and of the CarSoup® trademark to enable a franchisee to be the entity who compiles and publishes information about vehicles in that geographical market. In those cases, the franchisee also has access to information collected from or about visitors to pages of the Site that relate to its franchise. Our agreement with franchisees is that they will adhere to the terms of our privacy policies with respect to information obtained on the Site. Access of other affiliates (e.g. media companies with whom we have cooperative marketing agreements) to user data varies from market to market. It is possible, though, that information about you can be available to an affiliate if you are using our Site in markets in which we have an affiliate relationship. Again, we try to be sure that the affiliate’s use of data relating to visitors to our Site is no broader than what is disclosed in this Policy. 

Collection, Use, and Sharing of Information

We have organized descriptions of collection, use, and sharing of information by how and where information is obtained. Subsections I – L apply to all data we collect, regardless of source. 

  1. **Site Visit Data Collected and Used By Us.** When you visit our Site or use our Services, we may gather and store information about your visit. That information can include the IP address of the device used to generate your visit, the browser you used to access our Site, the time and date of the visit, the pages you visited, the length of time you spent on each page, the operating system employed by the device you used to access our Site, and where you went after using our Site. We use this information to measure online market activity, to gather analytics to help us improve Site experience, to evaluate the content on the Site about which users are interested, to measure the number of visitors who are exposed to advertising on our Site, and to otherwise enhance the overall position of the Site. Site visit information is also used to try to make your Site visit more productive, relevant, and enjoyable. The following information may help you better understand how information about Site visits is gathered: 
    * We may gather information with “Cookies or “Web Beacons” and use the information to track your visit.
    * Cookies” are stored on the hard drive of your computer. They can be used to store information that makes future visits to the Site more convenient. If you so decide, cookies can also be used by you to store information like user name and password or to store other preference indicators and identifiers.
    * “Web Beacons” recognize information about your Cookie such as rate of use, time, date and description of the page. They are an invisible electronic, single pixel or clear GIF.
    * Cookies cannot be opened or run by us on your computer and they cannot infect your computer with viruses. You can disable Cookies or otherwise manage them through tools provided with your browser software and with commercially available software packages. Please be aware, though, that if you turn Cookies off you will experience less than optimal web engagement. Many features on our Site will not work as well or at all. Also, Cookies are automatically downloaded to users who don’t have one so you’d have to re-disable Cookies after every visit.

We may from time to time permit a third party data analytics service provider to include web beacons or cookies within the pages of our Site. The findings of our data analytics service provider, including logs and IP address, may in turn be shared with our franchisees or affiliates as part of the effort to gain a deeper understanding of behavior, effectiveness and use of our Site. Our data analytics service providers do not collect or report names, e-mail addresses, or other PII that could enable direct personal contact with an individual. 

There is no “opt out” possibility regarding information about Site visits we collect through devices like Cookies and Web Beacons. If you have any questions about collection or use of this type of data, please e-mail us at [privacy@carsoup.com](mailto:privacy@carsoup.com). 

  2. **Data Collected by Ad Networks and Advertisers.** We allow companies who place advertising on other sites ("Ad Networks") to serve ads on our Site and, in some instances, to collect certain anonymous information about users of the Site. Ad Networks typically use a Cookie or a Web Beacon to collect information about activities on the Site conducted by whoever is using the computer being tracked. Information like time and date of visit, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, browser type, and nature of a visitor’s click stream can be used to select and deliver advertising that is targeted to perceived interests of the users of your computer. A description of the user experience benefits of filtering out irrelevant messages appears on [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). 

Another way that Advertising Networks may use anonymous "profile" information about activities of users of your computer is to provide targeted information and advertising when you visit another website that is a part of their network. Targeted ads may similarly be served to you on our Site based on a profile built from your visits to other websites participating in a network. 

Ad Networks also collect anonymous information about the number of visitors who view or are exposed to an advertisement served by them on the Site. That information is primarily used for purposes of being able to report to the advertiser or to us. 

We will not allow Third Party Advertising Networks to collect information about visitors to our Site if we become aware that the networks are selling or renting the collected data to other third parties. We have included in the **"Privacy Choices"** section of our Privacy Policy a description of how you can learn more about any “opt out” rights offered by Ad Networks related to use of profiles built on activities to serve targeted ads. 

  3. **Credit Card Information.** When you purchase Services from us through use of a credit card, we collect information and use it solely to place your order with us. We utilize secure server software (SSL) to encrypt all account and personal information you input in connection with processing an order. We also segregate customer credit card data to protect it from unauthorized access. As part of the process of enrolling for Services, though, we may collect PII that could be used to communicate with you for other purposes. In that regard, your contact information would be covered by the “PII You Provide to Us on the Site” subsection of this Policy. 

  4. **PII You Provide To Us on the Site.** There are Services offered on the Site that involve our obtaining PII from you and storing and using that PII. 

    * When you register with us in order to use Site features such as MyGarage and Car Detective, we collect PII in order to enable us to communicate directly with you to further the purposes of those Services. Additional possible uses of the PII we store are described below.
    * We also collect your PII when you purchase products and services from us, including placement of a private party ad when you purchase products or services from third parties through us (e.g. vehicle history reports) and when you utilize services on the Site (e.g. requests for information about specific vehicles forwarded through our Site). In those cases, our primary purpose for collecting the information is to enable prompt and accurate processing of your order or fulfillment of your requests. Other potential uses are described below. If a third party product or service is involved, we will provide your PII to that third party for the same purpose. The third party’s use of information about you is solely governed by its privacy policy. As noted, our use is described below.
    * Finally, PII could be collected in connection with your participation in contests or other promotions organized by us. In that case, the information is used in connection with administration of the contest or promotion. It may thereafter also be used in the manner described below./
    * In addition to the specific purposes for which your PII is obtained, we may use that information to (a) include you in e-mail, website, or direct mail announcements that contain information perceived to be of relevant to you, or (b) to conduct surveys, research, or other analysis about either operation of the Site or products or services offered on the Site. We may use e-mail service providers or other third parties to implement those purposes. You can opt out of those uses in the manner described in the **“Privacy Choices”** section of this Policy. We won’t use your PII to call or text you unless you have specifically agreed to that method of contact. 

  5. **Social Media Accounts.** We may collect information about you through social media accounts we maintain or with which we are affiliated. The primary reason for doing so is to be able to contact you through the same social media channel where the original connection was made. Sign-in services made possible by social media outlets including Facebook, Google Plus or Open ID enable you to sign on to our website. In doing so your identity will be authenticated and provide you with the option to share certain PII with us including your name and e-mail. That information would be treated under this Policy as PII You Provide to us on the Site. You may also have the option of posting information about us from this sign-on option to your social media pages and share our company information with your personal network. 

  6. **PII You Provide To Others Via Services on the Site.** As a result of use of the Site, you may provide PII to third parties, including dealers and private parties who have listed vehicles for sale on the Site. An example of this information sharing is filling out a form to obtain a price quote on a vehicle. We cannot control, and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of the recipient of that information. That is also true of communications with buyers or sellers of vehicles or other products and services that occur after you have left the Site. For that reason, we encourage you to be careful about information provided to parties with whom you are not familiar. We have provided information on the Site about that topic. 

  7. **Links to Third Party Sites.** Advertisements and promotional offers from third party advertisers, sponsors, affiliates and service providers appear on the Site. Some of those advertisements and promotions may be served on the Site by third party Ad Networks. Others are the result of advertisements or sponsorships sold by us or our franchisees. If you click on a link contained on one of those advertisements, you are accessing a website that is not owned, operated, or controlled by us. The operator of that site should have its own privacy policy which will govern the collection and use of information on that site. We are not responsible for any PII or other information collected or provided on the site of an advertiser, sponsor, affiliate, or other entity to whose website you can link from our Site. We may customize some ads to cause them to offer items in which we believe you may be interested but we do not provide any PII to an advertiser when you view or interact with its sponsored link or advertisement. 

  8. **PII Obtained Through Other Means.** We may, from time to time, obtain PII or the right to use PII in order to promote the Site or Services we offer. PII obtained in that fashion will be treated by us in the same fashion as PII we obtain as a result of visits to the Site. 

  9. **Sale of CarSoup.** If we or our assets were to be sold, the information we have collected would likely be among the assets acquired by the buyer. That buyer, though, would acquire the information subject to the terms of our then-current Privacy Policy, including the opt-out choices described in the **“Privacy Choices”** section. 

  10. **Information about Children.** Our Site, products, and services are neither developed for, nor directed at children. We do not employ or offer targeting toward children under the age of 18. If you believe that your child has provided us with personal information and would like to have that information deleted, you can contact us in the manner described in the **“Contacts”** Section of this Privacy Policy. 

  11. **Subpoenas, Orders, or Protection of Rights or Safety.** We may be required by judicial or governmental subpoena, search warrant, or order to provide access to information we have collected. If that were to occur, we will utilize good faith efforts to protect, limit access to, and restrict future use of PII. We also reserve the right to disclose PII of individuals if we reasonably believe that doing so is necessary to protect our rights or to protect the safety of the individual or others. 

  12. **Compliance with Applicable Regulations and Laws.** Finally, we reserve the right to modify our privacy practices before a new version of our Privacy Policy is published (see the **“Changes to Policy”** section) if doing so is necessary to comply with any applicable law or regulation that relates to information collected, stored, or used by us. 




Data Security and Retention

We develop, implement and periodically review procedures that are intended to protect personally identifiable information and any sensitive financial information stored by us. The Services we offer may continue to be relevant to you or may again be relevant in the future. Consequently, we may maintain information for an extended period of time. Our information retention policies are also affected by contractual and regulatory compliance needs. 

Privacy Choices

If you wish to know whether we have collected personally identifiable information about you, you can direct your inquiry to [privacy@carsoup.com](mailto:privacy@carsoup.com). We will use good faith efforts to respond within a reasonable time to your inquiry. Similarly, we will use good faith efforts to respond within a reasonable time to any requests to you may make to update or change any PII which has been collected by us about you. As noted previously, we will not use your PII to contact you via telephone or text message without your prior express consent (opt in). If you do not want us to use your personally identifiable information to include you in e-mail, direct mail, or website announcements, you can opt out of that use of your personally identifiable information. That opting out can be accomplished by clicking “unsubscribe” on an e-mail if that choice is provided or by contacting us at [privacy@carsoup.com](mailto:privacy@carsoup.com). 

We try to work only with third party advertising networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative. Consequently, you can generally opt out of online advertising tailored to user interest profile by going to <http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. You should be aware, though, that if you thereafter delete cookies, change browsers, or use a different computer, you will need to again opt out if you wish to continue to avoid targeted advertising. If the opt out mechanism available on networkadvertising.org does not work, please feel free to contact us at [privacy@carsoup.com](mailto:privacy@carsoup.com). Finally, if there are legally-required opt in or opt out choices that apply to us and are different from what is in this Policy, we intend to comply with those legal requirements. Please let us know if you believe that information about you needs to be handled differently from what happens under our current practice. 

Contacts

If you have any other questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at [privacy@carsoup.com](mailto:privacy@carsoup.com) or to write us at CarSoup of Minnesota, Inc., Attention: Privacy Issues, 1401 East American Boulevard, Suite 6, Bloomington MN 55425. 

Disputes Relating to Use of Information

By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. If you feel that we aren’t following our Privacy Policy with respect to information about you, please contact us at the e-mail address or mailing address contained above. Any unresolved disputes about our collection or use of information collected about you shall be subject to our Terms of Use of Site and shall be exclusively resolved by the method described in that Terms of Use. 

Changes to Policy

The effective date of this version of our Privacy Policy is November 30, 2015. We may change this Policy at any time. When we make changes to the policy, we will update the date in this section. Please check the Privacy Policy from time to time to see whether there have been any changes that would affect your decision to use the Site or to opt in or opt out of uses of your information. You continued use of the Site signifies your acceptance of modifications to our Privacy Policy. 
