> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the carsemsar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131202191121id_/http%3A//www.carsemsar.com/en/article/carsemsar/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

CarSemsar.com is committed to protecting your privacy. CarSemsar.com collects various information from its visitors in order to better service your needs. By accessing our website, you are consenting to the information collection, use and sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the website.

CarSemsar.com allows you to browse through our various sections and access the information available on the website without entering any personal information. However, in order to access certain information, services or features that may be available on the website, we may require you to provide personal information such as your name, email address, age, and phone number and other similar information that can be used to identify you (collectively, “Personal Information”). For example, we will collect certain Personal Information from you if you request more information about a vehicle you are interested in. Using the “Sell Your Car” service will also require that you provide Personal Information. In addition, we may collect certain Personal Information if you choose to register for an account on the website, join our email list, subscribe to our newsletter, participate in special offers, sign up for our chat rooms, message boards or other public venues or send questions or comments to us via email.

We may also collect certain demographic information (such as gender or age) and information about your interests and preferences (“preferences information”). In many cases, such demographic and preferences information is optional. If we ever use any demographic or preferences information combined together with any Personal Information, then such combined information will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. If you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information.

We may collect information about your visits to our website, including the pages you view, the links and ads you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with the CarSemsar website and services. We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.

In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with CarSemsar, information collected through one source may be combined with information obtained through other resources. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties.

We may share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request or to make our business or that of our corporate affiliates more responsive to your needs. We may also disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; or if CarSemsar reasonably believes it is necessary to protect CarSemsar, its customers, or the public. In addition, we may share your personal information with business partners that help CarSemsar carry out transactions you request or that help CarSemsar to customize, analyze, and/or improve our communication or relationship with you, and then only with business partners who share our commitment to protecting your personal information. Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent.

From time to time, we may collect and share with others general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the website, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on.  We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the website are most popular and to enhance the website for visitors. We may also group this information into aggregate visitor data in order to describe the use of the website to our existing or potential business partners, clients or other third parties, or in response to a government request. However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the website.

Our website may contain links to other websites such as our affiliates and advertisers. Those websites may have different privacy policies. If you click on to another website, you may want to check the privacy policy of that site, which will usually (but not always) be posted on the web site. CarSemsar is not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites.

CarSemsar takes children's privacy seriously. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our websites. If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our handling of your Personal Information, please Contact Us.
