> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cartoonnetwork.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111203144323id_/http%3A//www.cartoonnetwork.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Cartoon Network

## Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting [www.CartoonNetwork.co.uk](http://www.cartoonnetwork.co.uk/ "www.CartoonNetwork.co.uk") \- a Cartoon Network Online site. This Privacy Policy explains how Cartoon Network, and other companies within the Turner Broadcasting Group of companies, use information we collect about you and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. USE OF INFORMATION At some of our sites, you can order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, or subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of information that may be collected at these pages include: your name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone/mobile number, your gender and date of birth. We request these details in order to provide the service or product to you (i.e. despatch prizes, send goodies via email, post, fax or phone), to respond to any queries you may have, to ensure we request and receive the correct consent from you or your parents, and to understand customer trends and patterns. We may also use the information you provide to send you details via email, post, fax, SMS or phone of our products and services and the products and services of other companies we think are suitable and may be of interest to you and by submitting your details, you are consenting to such use. However, you always have the opportunity to r emove your consent to such use by sending an email to [toonprivacy_uk@turner.com](mailto:toonprivacy_uk@turner.com) wi th your request . We may on occasion combine information we receive online with other records to enhance our ability to notify you of our products and services that we think will be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive these notifications please send an e-mail to [toonprivacy_uk@turner.com](mailto:toonprivacy_uk@turner.com) letting us know. We may ask you for other information, including, but not limited to, your interests, opinions and the way you use the Cartoon Network service to assist us in our initiatives outlined above and to improve our understanding of customer trends and patterns. If you are under sixteen and participate in an activity that requires the collection, retention and use of your personal information we will also ask for your parent’s e-mail address so that we can notify your parent that we have received your personal information. We do not knowingly collect names and e-mail addresses from anyone under sixteen for these types of activities without notifying their parents via e-mail and giving that parent the option to remove their child’s e-mail address from the applicable database for that activity. At some of our sites, you may be able to submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and, if you order a gift on-line and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. The types of information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, and e-mail address. We will only use this information to provide the product or service as requested. We do not send details of products and services to individuals who are only recipients of electronic greeting cards or gifts. We ask that you ensure that you obtain any person’s consent before providing their personal details and that you do not provide information regarding anyone under the age of eighteen. You must not give anyone else’s consent to receive marketing materials from us. COOKIES When you visit this site we send "cookies" to your computer primarily to enhance your on-line experience. "Cookies" are files which can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information. On their own, cookies do not contain or reveal any personal information. However, if you choose to furnish the site with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookies. We may also collect certain anonymous technical information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using and the domain name of your Internet service provider. We use cookies and technical information to personalise your visit to our site (e.g., to recognise you by name when you return to our site) and to track customer trends and patterns. This helps us improve the design and content of our site for visitors and assists us in our marketing initiatives. Although most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can set most browsers at any time to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, please note that some parts of this site may not function properly if you refuse cookies. For more information on cookies and how to disable them you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau UK at [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ "http://www.allaboutcookies.org") DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION We may share information about visitors to this site in aggregate with third parties including advertisers, business partners, and sponsors, to understand customer trends and patterns and manage and improve our business relationships. Please be assured that such information will be anonymised so that your identity is protected. We may share personal information with third parties to administer and process your requests (e.g., when you order a product or service we may share your details with third party financial institutions to process payment for your order). We may also share your details with third parties (such as auditors or legal advisors) to obtain professional advice. Agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing. We may disclose information we hold in response to legal proceedings, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Some of our sites contain links to other sites where information practices may be different to ours. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off this web site. This includes links from advertisers, channel sponsors and partners that may use our logos as part of a co-branding agreement. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we are not responsible for and have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. We sometimes may offer content (e.g., competitions, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. We are not responsible for and have no control over these third parties' use of this information. However, we will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information. We may use a reputable third party to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at this site. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party ad server may have collected from you. CONTACT AND NOTICES Although absolute security cannot be guaranteed on the Internet, please be assured that we have in place security measures to protect the confidentiality of your information. We will continue to maintain and improve these measures over time in line with legal and technological developments. You can contact us at any time at [toonprivacy_uk@turner.com](mailto:toonprivacy_uk@turner.com) to see the personal information we have collected through this site which relates to you, and in some cases, your children, and to ask us to make any necessary changes to correct or update your information. To protect your privacy and security we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will not use or disclose personal information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without informing you and providing you with an opportunity to opt-out of these unrelated uses. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact us at [privacy@CartoonNetwork.co.uk](mailto:privacy@CartoonNetwork.co.uk). PARENTAL GUIDANCE It is important to us that children can enjoy our sites in a responsible fashion. We, therefore, encourage children to consult with their parents before providing personal information. We also encourage parents to supervise their children's online activities by, for example, adopting parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. Cartoon Network Online Turner Broadcasting System Europe Limited 16 Great Marlborough Street London W1F 7HS England (registered office: Turner House, 16 Great Marlborough Street, London, W1F 7HS) [toonprivacy_uk@turner.com](mailto:toonprivacy_uk@turner.com)
