> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cartradeexchange.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121016180931id_/http%3A//www.cartradeexchange.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CarTradeExchange - Leading online vehicle auction platform with 1200+ Dealers across India.

Privacy Policy

**This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.**

This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website to the exclusion of any third party websites. The Website may provide links to other sites which it believes may be of interest to the users of the Website. We do not guarantee the privacy standards of those sites to which it links or be responsible for the contents of sites other than this one, and this Privacy policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, third party site.

**Information you provide**

As a Registered User, we ask you for Registration Data (such as your name, company name, phone nos., email address, postal address, PAN, etc.) which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case the Website may not be able to provide any or all services to you.

  * **Cookies** : When you visit the Website, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people use the Website, we also uses cookies in for advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. 
  * **Log information:** When you access the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a Website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Also, in order to protect you from fraud, phishing, and other misconduct, we may collect information about your interaction with our servers. Any such information we collect will only be used to detect and prevent fraud or other misconduct. 
  * **User communications:** When you send email or other communications to the Website, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. 
  * **Affiliated sites:** We may offer some of our services in connection with other websites. If necessary, the information that you provide us might be shared with such websites in order to facilitate the objectives of the Website. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and you are required to read their privacy policies and shall be bound by the terms of use of such websites. We shall not be liable for any policies and practices of such websites. 


  * **Email Addresses** If you provide us your email address, we may email you about our website or our services, or to inquire about your experience using our website or sites operated by others. From time to time, we'll also send you emails that may include automotive information, special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you. Though we hope you'll find these communications informative and useful, if you don't, you can always unsubscribe by following the simple instructions included in each email. ****


  * **Links** : The Website may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content and advertising. 



We only process personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or the supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include: 

  * Providing our services to Users, including the display of customized content and advertising; 
  * Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services; 
  * Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and 
  * Developing new services. 



**Information sharing**

We only share personal information with other companies or individuals in the following limited circumstances:

  * We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. 
  * We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. 
  * We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Website, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. 
  * In the event that the business of this Website and the customer data connected with it is merged, sold, assigned or transferred, in which case we would require the buyer, assignee or transferee to treat personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 



**Information security**

Information gathered on the Website is stored within CarTradeExchange.com controlled servers (or servers hosted on our behalf) that are in a protected environment. We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.

**Accessing and updating personal information**

When you use the Website, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask Users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete personal information.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). By visiting and using CarTradeExchange.com, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement and our User Agreement. 

####  Agreement to Privacy Policy 

Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of the CarTradeExchange.comPrivacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site immediately.

**Third Parties**  
This document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others whether they are bidders, buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet or any other mode, and due to this act if any kind of liability occurs than the same shall be payable by you and you shall be responsible for that.

**Communication**  
You agree that we can and may communicate with you via phone calls, SMS, E-Mails and/or any other method & we will not be liable to you and/or any other authority for such an act. If your number is registered with any Do Not Call (DNC) and/or Do Not Disturb (DND) service you hereby authorize us to communicate with you via telephone calls, SMS, E-Mails and/or any other method and will not in any case hold us liable for any communication in this regard. 
