> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the educreations.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150319080542id_/https%3A//www.educreations.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Educreations

  * Last Updated: October 3, 2011

Your privacy is extremely important to us. Below is our Privacy Policy, which explains what personal information we collect and how we use that information. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/about/#contact).

  * ## What this Privacy Policy Covers

This Privacy Policy covers the use of the website located at educreations.com (the "Site") and the products, software, data feeds, and services (collectively with the Site, the "Service") provided by Educreations, Inc. ("Educreations," "We," "Our" or "Us"), including how Educreations treats information (including, personal information) that we collect and receive. The term “Personal Information”, as used in this Privacy Policy, refers to any information that can be used to identify a specific person, or any anonymous information (e.g. IP address) that is linked to a specific person. Personal Information does not include information that has been aggregated or made anonymous such that it can no longer be reasonably associated with a specific person. This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information, and we may share aggregate data about our users with third parties for various purposes. This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into Educreations' Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”).

  * ## Educreations' Privacy Pledge To You

We are committed to protecting your privacy. You may add, delete or modify your Personal Information at any time. Subject to your permission or as specifically stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, exchange or otherwise share your Personal Information with third parties.

  * ## Children's Personal Information

Educreations collects limited Personal Information from students ("Children's Personal Information"), but only where that student's school, district, and/or teacher has contracted with Educreations to collect Children's Personal Information from students for the use and benefit of the learning environment. Children under 13 years old are not allowed to create an account without a parent or guardian's permission. We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.

We require schools, districts, and/or teachers to obtain parental consent from students' parents before collecting any such Children's Personal Information. If you are a student, please do not send any Children's Personal Information about yourself to us, other than what we request from you when you sign up for the Service. In the event that we learn that we have collected Children's Personal Information from a student without parental consent being obtained by his or her school, district, and/or teacher, or if we learn a student has provided us Children's Personal Information beyond what we request when he or she signs up for the Service, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a student may have provided us Children's Personal Information beyond what is requested when signing up for the Service, or that a student's school, district, or teacher has not obtained parental consent, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/about/#contact).

Hereinafter, references to "Personal Information" shall apply to personal information of individual Site users who are not student registrants. References to "Children's Personal Information" shall only apply to personal information of student users of the Site. General references to "information" shall apply to all users.

  * ## Information Collection and How it is Used

 _Information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide._ We receive and store any information you knowingly enter on the Service, whether via computer, mobile phone, other wireless device, or that you provide to us in any other way. This information may include Personal Information such as your name, email address, photograph, and your school affiliation, Children's Personal Information (which shall be limited to your name, photograph, and the contact information necessary to receive notifications via the Service from your teacher, school, and/or district), and any other information necessary for us to provide our services. You may choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as responding to your requests for certain information, products and services, customizing the content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features. The Children's Personal Information you provide shall only be used for creating your individual account (which will identify you within the user group(s) for which you have been granted an access code ("Limited-access User Group")), and for sending you notifications. You may modify or remove your Personal Information or Children's Personal Information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features to edit your profile and/or account information.

 _Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser._ We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit and the pages on this Site you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. This information does not identify you personally. Generally, we use this information to improve this Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. However, we may link information sent by your browser to information that identifies you personally. For example, if you are a registered member, we may link your IP address to information that identifies you personally. In addition, if we suspect criminal activity, we may share our server logs with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify you.

 _Cookies and Similar Technologies._ Similar to many other websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience on the Site. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive by websites. We use cookies as a convenience feature to save you time, to understand how the Site is used, and to improve the content and offerings on the Site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on the Site or recall your specific information on subsequent visits. If your browser is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a cookie, you may not be able to access certain features or services of the Site.

  * ## Email Communications

If you have supplied us with your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, ask for your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Educreations and our products. If you would prefer not to receive marketing or promotional e-mails from us that may relate, for example, to new services or offerings, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by using the opt-out mechanism in an email or by specifying your email communication preferences in your account settings. Following your opt-out, please be aware that we, or our affiliates, may continue to contact you via email for administrative or informational purposes, including, but not limited to, follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have affirmatively enrolled in or registered to use, any promotions or sweepstakes you have participated in or have entered, or other transactions you have undertaken on the Site.

  * ## How We Share Your Personal Information

Educreations will not rent or sell your Personal Information or Children's Personal Information to anyone. However, we share your Personal Information and Children's Personal Information as described below. Again, please note that references to "Personal Information" only apply to personal information of individuals who are not students.

You may choose to populate your user profile on the Site with Personal Information, including, without limitation, your name, photograph, and school affiliation. If you are a student, your user profile will only include your name and photograph. This user profile information will be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Site or facilitate interaction with the Company. If you are a student, the only users who may view your profile are those who belong to your Limited-access User Group(s). However, please keep in mind that information (whether Personal Information or Children's Personal Information or not) or content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others, in accordance with the privacy settings you select in your account preferences, or in accordance with the User Category to which you belong. For example, if you are a student, any content you contribute in your Limited-access User Group(s) will only be displayed to other members of that Limited-access User Group; however, we cannot control what members of your Limited-access User Group will do with such content after you have disclosed it. Your display name may be displayed to other users when you upload images or videos or send messages through the Service and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Any images, captions or other content that you submit to the Service may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.

Personal Information and Children's Personal Information collected through the Site may be shared with companies and organizations that (i) need to know that information to perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us, such as data storage and Web hosting services as delineated in the Family Educational Right to Privacy Act (FERPA)), and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.

We may disclose the Personal Information or Children's Personal Information we collect through the Site when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable law (or a court order or subpoena); (ii) prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) enforce the Terms of Use or other agreements that govern your use of the Service; (iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others; or (v) to protect your vital interests.

Personal Information and Children's Personal Information submitted to the Site or collected by us is our asset and will become part of our normal business records. Your Personal Information, Children's Personal Information and other data we collect may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company’s use of your Personal Information and Children's Personal Information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.

  * ## Privacy Policy Changes

Educreations may, in it sole discretion, modify or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. We may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this Privacy Policy, but you should periodically review the most up-to-date version. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes. 

  * ## Questions

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/about/#contact).



