> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the edumail.vic.gov.au privacy policy that was archived on 2005-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050614070808id_/http%3A//www.sofweb.vic.edu.au/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SOFWeb - Online Privacy Statement

The Department of Education & Training (DE&T) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, This DE&T Online Privacy Statement governs the collection, storage, use, access and disposal of data including all personal information obtained on DE&T web sites. Please take some time to read through this statement and understand our position on privacy. 

This privacy statement will be updated from time to time so please visit this page regularly. 

This Privacy Statement does not apply to linked websites that are not DE&T sites.  When you link to another site we recommend you read the privacy statement of that site.

DE&T has an information privacy policy and handles personal information in accordance with the Victorian Privacy laws: the Information Privacy Act 2000 and Health Records Act 2001. This policy is available on request.

## Collection of Information

Two types of online data is collected by DE&T;

  1. Visitor logs and statistics
  2. Information provided by users through online forms, registration, databases and feedback.



### Visitor logs and statistics

DE&T sites gather statistics on users' online experience. 

Information collected includes:

  * Visitor server addresses and domains
  * The times and dates the site was visited
  * The pages visitors accessed and files downloaded
  * Visitors' browsers and operating systems



The main purpose for collecting this information is to provide statistical information used for web-site and system administration.  The information does not identify individual users but does identify the computer that is used to access our sites.

Logged information is not disclosed outside of DE&T staff or those under contract to conduct maintenance to web server components.  We make no attempt to identify individuals from these records unless it is necessary to the investigation of a breach of law.

### User Information

Some DE&T sites require visitors to provide personal information when they engage in online activities such as subscribing to conferences, participating in DE&T email discussion groups, registering online for education activities, completing online forms and feedback. Personal information collected may include a visitor's first and last name, postal address, e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and fax numbers. 

Any personal information collected is used for the purpose of providing on-line services and monitoring these. All DE&T staff have a legal duty to protect the privacy of your personal information and ensure it is used only for the purpose to which you have agreed.  DE&T does not make available users' personal information to other organisations or individuals. Personal information is handled in accordance with Victorian privacy legislation and is stored and disposed of in accordance with DE&T's Record Keeping Policy.  Please contact DE&T Online Publishing Unit on 61-3-9637 2829 if you would like more information.

DE&T does not guarantee secure transmission of data transmitted via its websites.  If you have any concerns about providing the personal information asked for please call DE&T Online Publishing Unit on 61-3-9637 2829 and we can make arrangements to suit you.

Do not provide any secure personal information online such as a password or credit card number or information that you wish to keep confidential.

If you would like to access your personal information or to amend or correct it collected please contact DE&T Online Publishing Unit on 61-3-9637 2829.

### Use of Authenticated DE&T sites

DE&T secure sites, which require a username and password for access verification gather information on a user's online experiences, through the use of a visitors username.. Please keep your access codes secure and do not share them.

back to top

## Use of Cookies 

Cookies are small text files which are generated by our servers and stored onto your computer. They allow us to recognise when you return to certain sites and allow us to register user preferences.

DE&T does not generally build websites that involve the use of cookies. Where a DE&T site uses cookies, this will be indicated within the privacy statement on that site.

On DE&T sites that do use cookies, a cookie is sent from our server and automatically placed on your computer without notification. Personal preferences or information may be stored in the cookie which is then sent back to the server on completion of the session. Cookies may be turned off within your browser, however, this may make some sites unusable.

M **o** re information on cookies can be found on Cookie Central (<http://www.cookiecentral.com/>)

back to top

## Online Privacy Statement Comments

DE&T welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that any DE&T division, site, or employee has not adhered to this Statement please contact DE&T by mail, fax, or email.

Department of Education & Training  
Online Publishing Unit - SOFWeb  
Level 2, 2 Treasury Place   
East Melbourne  VIC 3002  
Fax: 61-3-9637 3447  
Email:  [sofweb@edumail.vic.gov.au](mailto:sofweb@edumail.vic.gov.au)

For further information regarding Privacy, view the Victorian Information Privacy Act 2000 (<http://www.dms.dpc.vic.gov.au/>)

back to top
