> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eduqfix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191201142618id_/http%3A//www.qfixinfo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Qfix

**_PRIVACY POLICY_**

Qfix (“we” or “us”) is the owner of the www.eduqfix.com, [www.qfixinfo.com](http://www.qfixinfo.com/) and other associated website(s), which may be added or removed from time to time (“Websites” and each individually a “Website”). We are committed to your privacy. This online privacy policy discloses our practices for the Websites and subscriber based services (“Services”) including the type of information being collected, method of such information collection, use of such information and sharing such information with third parties. For the purposes of the Privacy Policy, “personal information” would mean and include information that relates to a natural person, which either directly or indirectly in combination with other information available or likely to be available to us, is capable of identifying such person. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact our Grievance Officer at [grievance.officer@qfixinfo.com](mailto:grievance.officer@qfixinfo.com)

We value the trust you place in us. That’s why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices.

By visiting this Website (including all associated website(s), applications which may be added or removed from time to time) you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Website.

By mere use of the Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.

 ** _Collection of personally identifiable information and other information_**

  * When you use our Website, we collect and store your personal information which is provided by you from time to time. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Website to make your experience safer and easier. More importantly, while doing so we collect personal information from you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.
  * We are the custodian of data on behalf of the users that use our Websites. We don’t own communication data. Users own their data. However, by submitting the data to us, you hereby grant us non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicense able and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, in connection with our Service and Qfix’s (and its successor’s) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of our Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. No sale, sharing, transfer or renting out of any personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy, the Terms & Conditions and the Terms of Use will occur at any point of time. We collect information from you on the “Sign Up” and “Registration” pages (“Profile Pages”) of the Websites. We reserve the rights to collect, disseminate, sell or otherwise disclose non-personal information provided by you including but not limited to information collected from educational institutes/schools or added/updated through other channels and other pages on the Qfix platform including web pages and mobile application. Additionally, you may encounter “cookies” or other similar devices on certain pages of the Website that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s Internet Protocol or IP address. When you browse the Websites, our web servers automatically recognize your domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed the Website.
  * During the collection of information on the Profile Pages on the Websites, you are required to provide your applicable contact information (such as name, e-mail address and the like). An email address is also used to contact you about the materials and information on the Websites. When the Websites request for the confirmation of your identity, the Websites will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before such information is requested.
  * If you choose to post messages on our message boards or other message areas or leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. When you participate in a forum on the Websites including, but not limited to posts, poll votes, and post comments, your name and IP address may be recorded for purposes of maintaining your own account within the Forums, and preventing abuses of the forums. In order to diffuse the information in the Websites’ forums to a wider audience, we may, from time to time, collect some of your postings and group them together to use in a specific publication, print, electronic mailing or other public dissemination. At no point however will your name or IP address be revealed in any publication. In addition, when your postings are used in this fashion, they may be edited to fit with the general content of the publication being prepared. It is important to remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in a forum, through e-mail or elsewhere, that information can be collected and used by others. If your personal information is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. You may participate in any forums offered through the Websites, but you agree not to post any material the content of which (i) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, indecent, abusive, threatening to others or in violation of any law; or (ii) infringes the copyright, trademark right, or other intellectual property right of any third party. You will be solely responsible for all content that you post on any forum available on the Websites. You agree to indemnify us and our officers and employees from and against all liabilities, judgments, damages, and costs (including attorney’s fees) incurred by any of them which arise out of or are related to the content that you post. Forums are intended only for the personal use of our subscribers, and may not be used for commercial purposes or for organized political activity.
  * If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.



 ** _Notification of modifications and changes to the terms & conditions and privacy policy_**

  * We reserve the right to change the Terms and Privacy Policy from time to time as seen fit, without any intimation to you, and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any amendment to these terms. You are therefore advised to re-read the Terms of Service on a regular basis. Should it be that you do not accept any of the modifications or amendments to the Terms, you may terminate your use of this website immediately. In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, or in the Privacy Policy, we will display a notice on the Websites or send you an email, so that you may review the changed terms prior to continuing to use the Websites. As always, if you object to any of the changes to our terms, and you no longer wish to use the Websites, you may contact us at [grievance.officer@qfixinfo.com](mailto:grievance.officer@qfixinfo.com) to deactivate your account. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. Using the services on the Websites or accessing the Websites after a notice of change has been sent to you or published on our Websites shall constitute your consent to the changed terms.
  * We may send you Website and service announcement updates. You will not be able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the Websites. We communicate via e-mail to provide requested services and to resolve issues relating to your account.



 ** _Use of Demographic / Profile Data / Your Information_**

  * We do not collect personal information about individuals, except when individuals consent to share such personal information on the Websites. While we take utmost care with respect to the security of the information you decide to upload, you understand that any information that you disclose on the Website is at your own risk. By uploading / sharing / disclosing your information on the Website, you hereby give your consent to us to store such information on our servers. We will retain such information you upload on the Website for as long as it is needed to fulfill the service you seek to avail on the Website. If you delete your account, we will delete such information. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
  * In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic and profile data about our users’ activity on our Website.
  * We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale or acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving Qfix.



 ** _Cookies_**

  * We use our as well as third parties’ data collection devices such as “cookies” on certain pages of our website. “Cookies” are small files stored on your hard drive that assist us in providing services customized to your requirements and tastes. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a “cookie”. Cookies can also help us provide information, which is targeted to your interests. Cookies may be used whether you choose to register with us or not. Third party vendors such as www.google.com (“Google”) may use cookies to serve ads based on your visits to this Website. You may visit the website of the third party and choose to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising, if the third party offers such an option. You may choose to opt-out of the DoubleClick cookie that Google and its partners use for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Use of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the Websites. Once you close your browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on your browser, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the Websites. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you reject the cookies on the websites, you may still be able to use the Websites, but it shall be limited to certain minimal functionality. The only drawback to this is that you may be limited only to some areas of the Websites or limited to certain functions of the Websites. Some of our business partners may use cookies on the Websites. Please note that we have no access to or control over these cookies. We and our business partners may use cookies to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on the Websites.



 ** _External links on website_**

  * The website may contain hyperlinks to other websites, content or resources. We have no control over any websites or resources, which are provided by other companies or persons. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and do not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such websites or resources.
  * You acknowledge and agree that We are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such websites or resources. These third-party service providers and third-party sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. We recommend that when you enter a third-party website, you review the third party site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. You may visit the third party websites and choose to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising if the third party offers such an option.



 ** _Our use of your information_**

  * Your contact information is also used to contact you whenever necessary. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Finally, we may use your IP address to help protect our partners and ourselves from fraud. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. We may release your personal information to a third-party in order to comply with a Court Order or other similar legal procedure, or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law; prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of Our Terms of Service. We may disclose personally identifiable information to parties in compliance with our Copyright Policy as mentioned in the Terms of Service as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events, we may disclose name, address, country, phone number, email address and company name.
  * We may share aggregated demographic information with our Holding/ Subsidiaries or with our Partners / Associates. We shall not be liable for the transfer of any personal information resulting from loss or distribution of data, the delineation or corruption of storage media, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, and acts of vandalism, sabotage, terrorism or any other event beyond our control. We may partner with third parties to provide specific services. When you sign up for these third party services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
  * We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy, which means that we do not intend to sell, rent or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third party without your consent.



 ** _Confidentiality_**

  * You further acknowledge that the Website may contain information which is designated confidential by us and that you shall not disclose such information without our prior written consent. Your information is regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, unless if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services.
  * We take all necessary precautions to protect your personal information both online and off-line. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to log off from the Websites when you are using a shared computer. We also protect your personal information off-line. Access to your personal information is limited to employees, agents or partners and third parties with whom we are working who we reasonably believe will need that information to provide services to you. However, we are not responsible for the confidentiality, security or distribution of your own personal information by our partners and third parties outside the scope of our agreement with such partners and third parties.
  * The Websites may contain links to other third party sites. The third party sites are not necessarily under our control. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Websites and to read the privacy policies of each and every third party site that collects personal information. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to the Websites, you do this entirely at your own risk. Any links to any partner of the Websites is the responsibility of the linking party, and we shall not be responsible for notification of any change in name or location of any information on the Websites.



 ** _Our disclosure of your information_**

  * Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting and foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties. Under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or members may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Website. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications would always remain private.
  * As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed.
  * External Service Providers: There may be a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Website. If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their private policy.
  * Other Corporate Entities: We share much of our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent and/or subsidiaries and also our associates and partners that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. Such data will be shared for the sole purpose of enhancing your browsing experience. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. It is possible that we and/or its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service.
  * Law and Order: We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability.



 ** _Accessing, reviewing and changing your profile_**

  * If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Websites, you can update your profile on the profile pages of the Websites. We will endeavor to correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us.



 ** _Other information collectors_**

  * Except as otherwise expressly mentioned in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Websites or on other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since we do not control the privacy policies of the third parties, you are subject to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. Any information that you make publicly available on the site may be potentially viewed by any party, and by posting such material it is deemed that you consent to share such information with such parties.



 ** _Security_**

  * We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the company. We do not recommend transfer of sensitive information (such as credit card number) and bank account details via the website to any third party. Users are recommended to do so offline, on the phone or via personal emails. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of our standard security procedures are at your sole risk and discretion.



 ** _Your consent_**

  * By using the Website and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Website in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to your consent for sharing your information as per this privacy policy.
  * If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. The Terms and Conditions are incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.



 ** _Disclaimer_**

  * We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain private. As a user of the Site, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the website, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Site.


