> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kmmatrimony.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616180259id_/http%3A//www.kmmatrimony.com/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KMMatrimony - For The Perfect Match - A complete matrimonial site - Privacy Policy

Being a matrimonial site we have to gather certain information from our members, who are essential, to enable us to provide you with profiles that match your requirement. The information collected on KMMatrimony.com cannot be used by anyone to ascertain the identity of a particular individual. KMMatrimony.com collects information like name, address, contact numbers, email address, age, gender, personal characteristics, religion/caste information, etc. are required to be put for the other members to see who are searching for bride/groom. Though the members can see this information they cannot use it to ascertain the identity of any particular individual.   
---  
  
**i) Use of the information**

The email address provided to KMMatrimony.com will be used to send you a random password generated by us, after verifying the details entered by the user, which will enable you to log into the KMMatrimony.com site. Your email address will be revealed along with your other details. The private information can be changed or discarded by the members at any point of time. |   
  
**ii) Sharing of your information**

We do not trade, rent or sell your private information to anyone, unless required by the law.  |   
  
**iii) Affiliation with other Web sites**

Through our affiliate program we are connected with other web sites as well. Hence you might find links on our site to those affiliate web sites. Once clicked on this link you are directed to that particular web site and no longer are on KMMatrimony.com, therefore the terms and conditions and privacy policy of KMMatrimony.com do not apply.  |   
  
**iv) Disclaimer**

KMMatrimony.com only puts in the effort to extract accurate information from its members but in no way guarantees the authenticity of the same. Any member's data found on this web site is in no way the expressed opinion or views of KMMatrimony.com. Any profile put on this web site should not be mistaken as a recommendation made by KMMatrimony.com. |   
  
**v) Copyright**

All rights are reserved. All the information and material presented on KMMatrimony.com is copyrighted , owned and controlled by Kalyanamalai. Any kind of reproduction, publication or copying of the material or the commercial use of information found on www.KMMatrimony.com, is prohibited without the express consent of Kalyanamalai.  | 
