> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the unicru.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110313075238id_/http%3A//talent.kronos.com/kronos-site-usage-privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kronos Privacy Policy

Through the Site, Kronos Incorporated and our Service Providers may provide you with access to varied user-generated and other content and interactive resources (collectively, “ _Services_ ”). This Privacy Policy sets forth our and our Service Provider’s policies with respect to information including personally identifiable data (“ _Personal Data_ ”) and other information that is collected from you when using the Site. Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, this policy shall be deemed to apply to us and our Service Providers and all references to “we”, “us” and/or “our” shall include our Service Providers.

[Note: Because there are differences in the ways Kronos’ Talent Management Division collects and uses Personal Data consistent with the Services it provides to customers, Kronos has instituted a separate privacy policy that governs that activity. Click here for the privacy policy that applies to the Kronos Hiring Solutions Group.]

**Information Collected** : When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.

**Personal Data That You Provide Through the Site** : We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily choose to provide such information such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to a survey, register for access to the Services or use certain Services. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to this Site, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to offices and servers of us and/or our Service Providers, and either of our affiliates and contractors located in the United States and other countries. 

**Other Information** :

Non-Identifiable Data: When you utilize the Site, we may receive certain personally non-identifiable information about your use of the Site. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information ourselves or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or Service Providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No Personal Data is available or used in this process. Some of the web pages of the Site may contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to recognize you when you visit our Web site in the future and allows us the capability to improve our website and better meet your needs. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you. 

Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, we may conduct research on our end user’s demographics and interests based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. 

**Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information** : We will use the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. We may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site, and to better understand our users. We may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. When we contact you for this purpose, we will give you the opportunity to “opt-out” from receiving further such communications.

**Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information** : 

There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, including as set forth below: 

Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event relating to all or a portion of our business, assets or this Site, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. 

Service Providers, Agents and Related Third Parties: We sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we may need to provide them with access to certain Personal Data. However, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. 

Legal Requirements: We may also disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. 

**Choices** : You can use the Site without providing any Personal Data; however, you may not be able to use certain Services. 

**Exclusions** : This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through this Site or to through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “ _Public Areas_ ”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing services, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “ _Unsolicited Information_ ”), including all User Content as that term is defined in our Terms of Use. All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Please also note that any Personal Data or other information you provide to be displayed in your publicly available online profile will be displayed for others to see and thus will not be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We cannot and will not be responsible for what third parties do with any Personal Data or other information that you choose to make publicly available. As such, we advise that you exercise great care in determining what information you choose to make publicly available through this Site. 

**Children** : We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. 

**Links to Other Websites** : This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. The Site may frame or contain references or links to other websites not operated or controlled by Service Providers (the “ _External Sites_ ”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to External Sites. 

**Security** : We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to us Provider via the Internet. 

**Changes to Our Privacy Policy** : The Site may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. 

**Contacting Us** : You may contact us in the event you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices, or if you have a question concerning the handling of your personal information, at: [webmaster@kronos.com](mailto:webmaster@kronos.com). 

**Safe Harbor** : Kronos is a global company and its privacy practices are self-certified to the U.S./European Union Safe Harbor Program. To learn more about the Safe Harbor or to view Kronos’ certification statement visit: <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

* * *

## Workforce Acquisition™ products

**Purpose of This Policy** : The following sets out the privacy policies and practices of the Kronos Hiring Solutions Group (Kronos HSG) with respect to Workforce Acquisition products and the collection, use, and disclosure of "personally identifiable information", which in this policy means any legally-protected information about an identifiable individual. Your continued use of the Kronos HSG sites constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices provided in this policy and your consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of personal information in accordance with this policy.

**Personal Information** : If you apply for employment at one of our customers through a Kronos HSG hosted web site, personal information about you will be collected by the employer and Kronos HSG for use in connection with the application process. This information may include but will not be limited to your name, physical and e-mail address, other contact information, social security number (social insurance number is not collected in Canada), prior work history, and other background information. This information will be used by the employer and Kronos HSG for purposes such as assessing your suitability for employment with the employer and its branches or affiliates, conducting background investigations, verifying information about you, conducting applicant and employment-related statistical evaluation and record keeping, to comply with legal obligations or as reasonably necessary or advisable to defend or enforce the legal rights or business interests of Kronos HSG, its users, customers or affiliates, or for such other purposes as are identified at or before the time of collection of the information or to which you consent from time to time. In the course of the application process, this information may also be disclosed to others such as companies engaged to perform background investigations or to verify the accuracy of the information contained in your application, to government agencies evaluating the application process, to third party vendors who assist the employer in performing its business functions. This information is also subject to disclosure as may be required by law. Kronos HSG may also disclose personal information to insurers or to legal, financial, and other professional advisors or in connection with a reorganization, sale, merger, change in control, transfer of assets, or other business transaction.

**Business Transitions** : In the event Kronos HSG goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Kronos HSG will provide its collected data to law enforcement agencies if legally required to do so pursuant to law, court order or other governmental action.

**Desktop/Console Site** : The hiring manager desktop/console products are private, password-protected, web-based software applications used by our customers to manage the hiring process. During the course of normal business processes, customers utilizing our desktop/console products may need to enter additional information about job applicants or employees hired using Kronos HSG's hiring management systems. Applicant or employer data may be transmitted, via the desktop/console products, to different locations or branches within the same company. This allows job applications to be available to multiple locations of the same company when appropriate. Applicant data may be viewed by authorized Kronos HSG staff in order to support the application and administrative needs of job seekers and our customers. For instance, if there is a problem or error in a job application, members of Kronos HSG's development team or client services department may review applications to assist in resolving the issue. 

**Maintenance of Restart Codes and Passwords** : For web applications where you create a restart code and password, it is solely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. Kronos HSG will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else having used your password, either with or without your knowledge. You could be held liable for losses incurred by Kronos HSG or another party due to someone else having used your password. You may not use anyone else's password at any time. Kronos HSG is not responsible for data which is lost or altered or for any data which you enter and submit to employers. Kronos HSG is not responsible in the event a candidate is not hired for a job.

**Special Notice to Canada Applicants** : The information collected through this web site may be stored and accessed outside Canada (including in the United States). Please note that social insurance numbers will not be collected during the application process for applicants applying in Canada.

  

