> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the unilever.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231111938id_/http%3A//www.unilever.com/resource/privacynotice/index.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Unilever Global

The information that we collect and store during normal use of the site is used to monitor use of the site and to help its further development.

Such use does not result in any personally identifiable data being collected or stored.

### Privacy Statement

Protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal data is held securely is very important to Unilever. We want you to be confident that we are looking after your interests and that is why we have set out our information practices in this Privacy Statement.

### Introduction

This Privacy Statement will apply when you use our website to discover more information about Unilever and its products.   


This Privacy Statement is applicable to data collected by Unilever and other Unilever group companies in Europe for use by these companies and other Unilever companies worldwide.   


### Privacy notice: collection & use of personal information

  
In general you can visit Unilever’s website on the Internet without telling us who you are or providing data that personally identifies you. The information which we collect and store during normal use of the site is used to monitor use of the site and to help its further development. Such use does not result in any personally identifiable data being collected or stored.

  
A number of pages in this website give you the option to submit Personal Data and information to Unilever and its affiliates. Personal Data means any data related to an identified or identifiable person, such as your name, age, telephone number, email and mailing address ("Personal Data"). All such communications are not confidential. These pages contain explanations of how the Personal Data and information you submit to us using this website will be used. Whilst any application, request or enquiry you make, may be passed or made available to Unilever Group affiliates some of which will be based in countries that do not have data protection laws, all Unilever Group affiliates are required to comply with an internal Privacy Policy which requires that steps are taken to protect your Personal Data and for it only to be used for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted.

  
This website is hosted outside the European Economic Area by a hosting organisation. The hosting organisation is contractually bound to implement measures to protect your personal information and process it only in accordance with Unilever PLC/Unilever NV's own guidelines.   


### How we process & use your data

  
By submitting your Personal Data through this website, you shall be consenting to it being processed in the manner described above by Unilever Group affiliates around the world and our hosting organisation in the United States.

  
If you have submitted Personal Data through this website and wish us to cease using it for the purposes submitted, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/resource/Contactform/index.aspx).     


### Use of cookies

  
Certain Unilever websites may employ an industry-wide technology called cookies.  A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.

  
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the 'lifetime' of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.

  
Two types of cookies may be used on this website; 'session cookies', which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site, and 'persistent cookies', which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie) .  

  
When you visit our website we send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways:

  * To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly

  * To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.   





Certain Unilever websites may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics as described above. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Disabling/enabling cookies

  
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.   


There are a number of ways to manage cookies. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. For example, in Internet Explorer, you can go to the Tools/Internet options/Security and Privacy Tabs to adapt the browser to your expectations. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.

### Controls for your privacy needs

  
Some modern browsers have a feature that will analyse website privacy policies and allow a user to control their privacy needs. These are known as 'P3P' features (Privacy Preferences Platform).   


You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. For example, if you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer:

  * open 'Windows Explorer'

  * click on the 'Search' button on the tool bar  

  * type "cookie" into the search box for 'Folders and Files'  

  * select 'My Computer' in the 'Look In' box  

  * click 'Search Now' Double click on the folders that are found  

  * 'Select' any cookie file   

  * hit the 'Delete' button on your keyboard        





If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select 'cookies' in the 'Help' function for information on where to find your cookie folder.

  
The [Interactive Advertising Bureau](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) is an industry body which develops standards and guidelines to support online business processes.  Its website gives further details about cookie, web beacons and suchlike, and explains how they can be managed and disabled.

### Contacting us

  
Unilever regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Statement. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our treatment of Personal Data and information by completing our web [contact form](https://web.archive.org/resource/Contactform/index.aspx) or by writing to us at the following address:

### Unilever PLC

  
Unilever House   
100 Victoria Embankment   
London EC4Y 0DY   
United Kingdom   
T +44 (0)20 7822 5252   
F +44 (0)20 7822 5951
