> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the universalclass.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051228141949id_/http%3A//home.universalclass.com/myinterests/privacypolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - UniversalClass

|    |   
---|---  
  |  |    |  |     
---  
**UniversalClass.com Inc. takes your privacy seriously.** Please feel free to review our Privacy Policy: 

Because we want to provide you with the most efficient and enhanced service, we may request information about you. However, we will not offer any information about you to any outside company or individual unless we receive your prior consent. 

**About this Privacy Policy**

  * This Privacy Policy covers UniversalClass.com’s treatment of personally identifiable information that UniversalClass collects when you are anywhere on UniversalClass.com sites, and when you use any of UniversalClass.com’s services. 
  * This policy does not apply to the practices of companies, schools, or other organizations that UniversalClass does not own or control, or to people that UniversalClass does not manage or employ. UniversalClass.com contains several links to other sites and UniversalClass.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. 



**Information We Collect and Track**

  * **General Usage Information**. UniversalClass.com collects information about all users collectively, such as what areas users visit and what services members use. This data is automatically retrieved. This type of general information is not used to identify specific users, but in an aggregate form to help us analyze traffic patterns and enhance our service to better serve our users and advertisers. 
  * **UniversalClass.com Registration**. When you register at UniversalClass.com Inc., we ask for personal information from you (name, email, gender, etc.). Once you login to our services with your member ID and password (that identifies your registration data), you are not anonymous to us. Both General Usage Information and any personal details you provide to us is used to enhance and customize content, identify (and in some cases validate) you when you post content, join or teach a class, or access any of our member-privileged services. 
  * **Creating, Joining, Taking, or Using our Virtual Classroom Software**. When you create, join, take, or use our Virtual Classroom Software, you are not anonymous to us, the instructor(s) within the class, or the student(s) within the class you have enrolled or created. Personally identifiable information about you such as your UniversalClass.com member ID, your first and last name, and your email address is made available to fellow class participants within the class you have joined or created. This information is released and shared with your fellow classmates to better enhance your online education and to promote free and open inquiry, and to hold class participants personally responsible for their work within the online class. We are **not responsible** of how fellow class participants (instructors and/or students) decide to use this information about you. 



**What We Do with Collected Data**

Data collected from UniversalClass.com members (people who have filled out our registration form and logged in) is used to identify the member in order to allow that member to join or create classes and to give the power to that member to delete classes he/she may have created, or remove him/herself from participating in a class. Information we gather and collect about anonymous users and members logged into our service is also used to provide you with content that may be of interest to you or relevant to your needs. Additionally, we may show advertisements to you that are relevant to your demographic information. UniversalClass.com requires revenue from advertising in order to provide you with free services. In order to help enhance the effectiveness of online ads, UniversalClass.com may provide advertisers with general demographic information on an aggregate basis (but no personal information that would identify you would be disclosed to another company). 

Data on your activity within the Virtual Classroom is provided to the instructor(s) of the class you are taking or teaching. This data includes your member ID, page(s) accessed, date and time of accessing pages, and the type of web browser you are using. This data is only released to the instructor, and not to other people or companies. We do not release any data to the instructor that would pose a potential security threat to our service (we do not and will not release ip addresses or "cookies"). UniversalClass.com considers the instructor the owner of the content and activity within the Virtual Classroom, and as a service to the instructor and to better promote online education, we provide logs of class activity to the instructor of the class to help him/her better improve his/her intellectual environment, to better understand traffic flow, and to determine the level of class participation by individuals students. While UniversalClass does not sell or give its member list to other persons or companies, it is important to note that (if you choose to use our Virtual Classroom software) fellow class participants may obtain some identifiable information about you. 

**A Note About Cookies**

A "cookie" is a small piece of information sent by a web server to store on a web browser so it can later be read back from that browser. This is useful for having the browser remember some specific information and to help maintain "state". A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. UniversalClass.com Inc. may use cookies to help identify you when you visit our site. All of our member-privileged services require the use of cookies, but our public sites do not. For example, our homepage, schools, departments, and viewing of all public information does not require cookies, whereas joining or creating a class will require the use of a cookie. 

**Sharing of Information We Collect**

We do not share any of the information we collect about individual users with outside companies or people not employed at UniversalClass.com. However, we may share some general demographic information about UniversalClass visitors collectively with advertisers or partners, but nothing that is personal or identifiable to an individual. If you use our service as an expert, information such as your name, your expertise, and your resume may be available to the general public. UniversalClass.com is not responsible for information you choose to make public on its web sites, and if you do not want this information to be public, select to use this service "as a student" in the "Manage Interests" area or the "Edit Profile" area. It is equally important to note that if you choose to use our Virtual Classroom software (by either creating, teaching, jonining, or using one or any of our online classes) some personally identifiable information is released about you to class participants. This information is limited to your first and last name (the name you entered when you signed up on UniversalClass), email address, and your UnviersalClass member ID. As mentioned previously, any activity you do within the Virtual Classroom is made available to the instructor in table-formatted logs. This information is only released to the instructor(s) of the classroom to better help the instructor(s) determine traffic flow and individual student participation. We consider instructors owners of their online class and class activity, and so we provide them with this information in the spirit of promoting and enhancing education online. This information is not released to other individuals or companies, and we are not responsible for how the instructor decides to use this information. 

**Selecting a Public Profile**

If you decide to create or update your profile to be " **public** " then your areas of expertise, your full name, and any other information you may have submitted about yourself will be made public to UniversalClass members, as well as the Internet, and as well as the general public. By making your profile "public" you completely accept that personal information about yourself is no longer made private and you are no longer considered "anonymous". 

**Our Commitment to Children's Privacy**

Protecting the privacy of the very young is extremely important to us. For this reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from anyone who identifies themselves as being under the age of 13. Our website is not constructed in any way, shape, or form to attract anyone under the age of 13. UniversalClass.com Inc. is an adult service for adult learners. 

**How You Can Access or Correct Your Information**

If you have registered on the UniversalClass.com service as a UniversalClass member, you have access to your personally identifiable information. You can update or correct this information under "My UniversalClass" by clicking on the link "[Edit Profile](http://my.universalclass.com/secure/profile.htm)". Your profile is unique and secured by your UniversalClass Member Id and Password. 

**Our Commitment to Data Security**

UniversalClass.com has taken several security measures in order to protect the information under our control. All personal information we collect is stored on machines owned by UniversalClass.com Inc. at a secured location in order to ensure that no unauthorized individuals have access to the equipment or its data. 

**How to Contact Us**

UniversalClass.com Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact [customercare@universalclass.com](mailto:customercare@universalclass.com). 

Find the department specializing in your interest in our A-Z List: 

**[ A](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/A.htm) [B](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/B.htm) [C](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/C.htm) [D](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/D.htm) [E](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/E.htm) [F](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/F.htm) [G](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/G.htm) [H](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/H.htm) [I](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/I.htm) [J](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/J.htm) [K](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/K.htm) [L](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/L.htm) [M](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/M.htm) [N](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/N.htm) [O](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/O.htm) [P](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/P.htm) [Q](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/Q.htm) [R](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/R.htm) [S](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/S.htm) [T](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/T.htm) [U](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/U.htm) [V](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/V.htm) [W](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/W.htm) [X](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/X.htm) [Y](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/Y.htm) [Z](http://home.universalclass.com/atozlist/Z.htm) **

If you don't find the area of your interest, you may suggest a new UniversalClass.com department by filling out our [Department Request Form](https://web.archive.org/myinterests/requestdepartment.htm). If you are not certain where your area of interest may be listed in our A-Z List please feel free to browse our departments through the Schools of UniversalClass.com:   
  
   
  
  **UniversalClass Top Reviewed Courses -**  
  
---  
  
  1. [**ESL Students: Learn American Grammar and Conversation Skills**](http://home.universalclass.com/i/crn/15474.htm) (Hot Class!) **3 Stars.** This class will focus on learning English to be able to communicate in common everyday situations with a person from the United States . Students who wish to sound more natural with their English and want to be able to use and understand colloquial expressions should sign up for this class. The goal of the class is to help get the student past the point of being an English speaker who is basically understandable, but awkward with their words, to a smooth talking English speaker that doesn't stand out when he speaks! Enrolled students will have access to language exercises on target vocabulary and expressions, opportunities during class meeting times to converse and practice with a native English speaker from the United States (via chat room communication), feedback on homework and tests, and numerous language learning tips from an expert. Only students who have some familiarity with English and English grammar (i.e. previous ESL classes or experience speaking English) should enroll in this course.  [Andrew Lawton](http://experts.universalclass.com/lawtona)
  2. [**Historical Research**](http://home.universalclass.com/i/crn/15740.htm) (Hot Class!) **3 Stars.** Historical Research is for people who like to dig into history. This course explains how to research history and is geared toward: history buffs, writers and genealogists. It covers such subjects as : first and secondary sources, cemeteries, interviewing, the way to read a history book, maps and setting up a subject and filing system. It is very hands-on because it encourages you to: -pick up a history book and look at it in a different way - visit a museum with new eyes - visit a cemetery and come out with oodles of information - be able to distinguish between first and secondary sources - appreciate the different types of maps - be able to judge the validity of a book, article, website etc in relation to your period of interest - interview a person who has information on your period of interest - store all this information  [Mary DeGruttola](http://experts.universalclass.com/mdegruttola)
  3. [**Hypnosis for Weight Loss**](http://home.universalclass.com/i/crn/15524.htm) (Hot Class!) **3 Stars.** Hypnosis for Weight loss looks at various reasons for extra pounds and releases the emotional baggage in various forms that are being held onto. This course has a slight spiritual slant, seeing the Divine in each of us which raises self esteem and encourages love and forgiveness. We use affirmations, worksheets, class discussion and reflective diaries in addition to hypnosis to bring about the desired changes. This course includes 5 hypnosis audio sessions which can be listened to in an unlimited fashion, including breaking away from sugar cravings, food addictions, increasing metabolism, releasing negative overweight behaviors, personal success, abundance and more. Part of our lessons includes life coaching for a brighter future. The class forums and a reflective diary serve as support throughout your weight loss journey. Oxygenating the body for fat loss is covered in depth as well as easy non-diet eating plans.  [Mellisa Adams](http://experts.universalclass.com/mdormoy)[](http://my.universalclass.com/certificate.htm?ID=29785&cn=mdormoy)
  4. [**Hearing God's Voice- Communion with God**](http://home.universalclass.com/i/crn/15147.htm) (Hot Class!) **3 Stars.** You Can Learn to Hear God's Voice - Guaranteed! You can hear God's voice every day of your life. You can be sure it's really Him. You can carry on an extended two-way conversation with Jesus Christ on a daily basis, and it's easier than you ever imagined. This class will change your life. It changed mine! A thoroughly practical course on hearing God's voice. Biblical techniques of vision and journaling will be combined to help one discern and clarify the spontaneous thoughts that come from God. (Key verses: Habakkuk 2:1-4) The goal is that one commune (converse) with God through the fellowship of the Holy Spirit and that this communion flow both ways. (As taught at Christian Leadership University in Buffalo NY) Learning to Hear God's Voice Will Give You: An intimate Friendship with God Divine Revelation Fulfilling Relationships A Healed Heart Authoritive Teaching Multiplied Productivity Overflowing Prosperity in EVERY area of Your Life! Don't wait another day to dramatically improve your life by learning how to Hear the Voice of God daily. Enroll today!  [Nicole Cruz](http://experts.universalclass.com/drndcruz)
  5. [**Medical Coding - Integumentary System**](http://home.universalclass.com/i/crn/15566.htm) (Hot Class!) **3 Stars.** This course will discuss the Integumentary System with focus on the ICD-9-CM and CPT coding manuals. Medical Terminology relating to the Integumentary System is also discussed to educate the student on this subject. The focus of this course for the experienced coder is to gain additional knowledge in specialty coding. More than 150 coding scenarios for coding skin diseases and disorders and related procedures (CPT 10000 series) are provided to help the student continue his/her knowledge in the field of medical coding. For the less advanced student, it is a course that would help gain knowledge of coding guidelines as implemented in the coding industry and to build confidence and speed when assigning codes.  [Diana Wilson, CPC, CMC](http://experts.universalclass.com/dwilson)
  6. [**More Online Classes...**](http://universalclass.com/i/courses/1.htm)

  
  
  |   
