> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the univention.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190710121035id_/https%3A//www.univention.com/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Univention Univention

Univention GmbH, Mary-Somerville-Straße 1, 28359 Bremen (“we”), operate the website at www.univention.com.

This data privacy statement intends to explain to you what data we collect from you as a user of our website and how we handle your information. We take the protection of your personal details very seriously and follow the applicable data protection terms. Specifically, this means that we only collect, process or use personal details if you have given us your permission to use the data or if the law permits data processing. If you have any questions or comments about this data privacy statements, please contact us at info@univention.de.

Basically, you use our pages anonymously. Certain parts of our offering, such as downloading specific apps from the App Center, require the registration as a user. In other places, we offer voluntary registration, which is done by sending us your name, e-mail address and possibly further data. If you register in this form, we collect and process the provided data to optimize our offering, for example, in order to contact you by e-mail or newsletter but also for the purpose of performing the contract. This data will be passed on, in particular, to the respective contractual partner whose offer you use, for example, via the App Center. By entering the data in the appropriate forms, you consent to this.

### 1\. Logfiles

If you access the contents of our website, you will be communicating with our servers via the internet. This creates logfiles on our system, in which the IP address and the date and time of your visit are saved. These are only used by us to better analyse and rectify breakdowns in the availability of our servers and to improve our services to you.

### 2\. Cookies

We use so-called session cookies. Session cookies are small units of information, which we save on the main memory of your computer. A randomly-generated, unique identification number is stored in a session cookie; this is known as the session ID. This type of cookie also contains information about its origin and retention period. These cookies cannot save any other data. The session cookies are deleted as soon as you finish your session.  
Cookies can normally be controlled using any internet browser. Most browsers are set up so that all cookies are accepted without asking the user. If you want to disable the use of cookies, your browser has the option of preventing the acceptance and storage of new cookies. You can find out how this works on your browser using the browser help function. If you automatically and indiscriminately reject cookies with these browser settings, you will be unable to use certain functions on our website. If you automatically delete the saved cookies after every session, the functions which require cookies are then no longer available. If you want to use all the functions of our website, you should ensure your browser settings accept session cookies.

### 3\. Analysis tools

Our website uses Matomo, a web analysis service. Matomo uses cookies in the sense of Number 2. For this purpose, the usage information generated by the cookies (including your abbreviated IP address) is transmitted to our server and saved for usage analysis purposes, which we use to optimise the website. Your IP address is immediately anonymised during this procedure so that you as a user remain anonymous to us. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website will not be forwarded to any third parties. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of this data from your visit, you can subsequently object to the storage and usage at any time by clicking your mouse button. In this, case, a so-called opt-out cookie is stored on your browser, which prevents Matomo from collecting any session data.  
Attention: If you delete your cookies, this means that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted and will need to be reactivated by you when necessary.  


### 4\. Data Security

We use technical and organisational security measures to guarantee that your personal details are protected from loss, incorrect modifications and unauthorised access by third parties. Moreover, we only allow authorised people to gain access to your personal details and only to the degree necessary as part of the contractual purposes.

#### Online Application

You have the possibility to apply via our website for advertised positions. You determine yourself the scope of the data that you wish to transmit to us as part of your online application.  
We process your personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations on the basis of § 26 BDSG. We process the data that you disclose to us within the scope of your online application exclusively for the purpose of applicant selection. Data will not be processed for any other purpose.

Online applications will be forwarded to our personnel department and the respective heads of the relevant departments. The transmission is encrypted. Of course, we treat your data as confidential. We use strictly instruction-bound service providers who support us in the areas of EDP and with whom separate contracts for order processing have been concluded. Beyond that, a passing on of your data does not take place. If your application is unsuccessful, your documents will be deleted after 6 months.

In individual cases, individual data may be stored for a longer period of time (for example, as to travel expense settlement). In these cases, the duration of the storage depends on the legal storage obligations, e.g., defined by the German Tax Code (6 years) or the German Commercial Code (10 years).

If you have not been hired, but your application is still of interest to us, we will ask you whether we may retain your application for future vacancies. We will then process your data on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a DSGVO.

### 5\. Right to Information

On written request, we will provide you with information about what personal details we have stored about you in relation to the use of our website. You have the right to have your personal details amended or deleted by us at any time. In this case, please write to  
Univention GmbH  
Mary-Somerville-Straße 1  
28359 Bremen.

### 6\. Newsletter and MailChimp

We use the newsletter provider, MailChimp to send our newsletter. MailChimp is provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 512 Means Street, Ste 404 Atlanta, GA 30318.

If you register for our newsletter, the data that you provide during the newsletter registration process will be transmitted to MailChimp and saved there. MailChimp offers extensive analysis options to use the newsletter. These analyses are group-related and not used by us for individual evaluation. MailChimp also uses the analysis tool, Google Analytics and incorporates this into the newsletter when necessary.

You can find more information about MailChimp and data protection at MailChimp here: <http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/>  
If you agree to receive our newsletter, you are also agreeing to us sending the newsletter by email. You can opt out of the newsletter at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided in each newsletter. If you opt out, we will no longer use your email address to send you information about our products.

### 7\. Right of Withdrawal

You can revoke your agreement to the collection and storage of your personal details by Univention at any time. If you wish to do this, please write to

Univention GmbH  
Mary-Somerville-Straße 1  
28359 Bremen

or send an email to [info@univention.de](mailto:info@univention.de). Please understand that we will be unable to provide certain services to you if you revoke your agreement.

### 8\. Deletion of Data at End of Use

If you revoke your agreement, your data will immediately be deleted if there is no legal or official duty to preserve records.

### 9\. Changing the Data Privacy Statement

We reserve the right to update this data privacy statement. We will inform you of any changes with adequate notice and ask you to provide any necessary consent.

### 10\. Right of appeal to a supervisory authority

According to Art. 77 DSGVO, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection regulations. In particular, the right of appeal may be asserted by a supervisory authority in the Member State of your place of residence, your work place or the place of the alleged infringement.

#### Contact details of the privacy officer

For information or suggestions on the subject of data protection, you can always consult our privacy officer:

Dr. Uwe Schläger  
datenschutz nord GmbH

Web: [www.datenschutz-nord-gruppe.de](https://www.datenschutz-nord-gruppe.de/)  
E-mail: [office@datenschutz-nord.de](mailto:office@datenschutz-nord.de)  
Phone: +49 (0) 421 69 66 32 0
