> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rotorvideos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606192800id_/https%3A//rotorvideos.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Rotor

  1. This Privacy Policy sets out how we will treat the personal information which you provide to us while using the site at [rotorvideos.com](https://rotorvideos.com/) (“ **Site** ”) or any of the information contained within the Site (“ **Content** ”) or otherwise during the provision of services via the Site (“ **Services** ”). You are deemed to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy on your first use of the Site. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Site. The Site and the Content, are owned or controlled by Kanisi Ltd of 11 Mendip Court, Avonley Road, New Cross, London, SE14 5EU (“ **Rotor** ”). 
  2. To provide the Services, it is necessary for us to hold and process certain personal information. We take reasonable care in keeping this information secure and preventing any unauthorised access or unlawful use of it. All personal information is processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. 
  3. From time to time, we may collect or ask you to provide some or all of the following: name, address, date of birth, gender, email addresses and/or mobile phone numbers, payment information, IP addresses and/or other personal information relevant to your activities on the Site. This information will be stored together with any additional information you may provide to us from time to time, and will be used to provide you with the Services and any other services associated with them. We may also use your personal information to analyse use of the Site and the Content, and/or to keep you up- to-date with (or provide offers of) other products and services provided by Rotor or our trusted partners which we think may be of interest to you. 
  4. We will only keep your personal information for as long as is necessary. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by users will, where relevant, be transferred and the new owner or new controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use such data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you. 
  5. We may use 'cookies' while you access the Site to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions and otherwise to provide the Services and operate our business. A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent from the server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Most web browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or ask your browser to show you where a cookie has been set up. Please note that certain features of this Site are only activated by the presence of a cookie and if you choose to refuse cookies these features may not be available to you. Some internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful (otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details): 
    * Cookie settings in Internet Explorer 
    * Cookie settings in Firefox 
    * Cookie settings in Chrome 
    * Cookie settings in Safari 
Please note that we do not recommend turning cookies off when using the Services as this will prevent you from using many aspects of the services and/or the Site. For further information about cookies and how to control their use, please visit the following third party educational resources: [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://allaboutcookies.org/) and [youronlinechoices.eu](http://youronlinechoices.eu/)
  6. From time to time we may partner with a third party ad network to manage our advertising on the Site and other sites. These ad network partners use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on the Site and other sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have your information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt- out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served all advertising, and you will continue to receive generic ads. If you do not want us to retain or use your personal information in any way, please withdraw your consent (i.e. “opt out”), by contacting us at [hello@rotorvideos.com](mailto:hello@rotorvideos.com)
  7. If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or wish to resume receiving information which you may have previously opted-out of receiving, please contact us at [hello@rotorvideos.com](mailto:hello@rotorvideos.com)


