> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the paycheckcity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231210254id_/http%3A//www.paycheckcity.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PayCheckCity Privacy Policy

PayCheckCity believes that privacy is important to the success and use of the Internet. This statement sets forth PAYCHECKCITY's Privacy Policy for this website and describes the practices that PAYCHECKCITY will follow with respect to the privacy of users of this site. Symmetry reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy any time by reasonable notice, including without limitation by posting revised terms on the Site (which shall constitute reasonable notice), and such amended terms shall be binding upon you; thus, you should consult the most recent version of the Privacy Policy each time that you view the Site.

  
What is personally identifiable information?  
"Personally identifiable information" is information about you, such as name, address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, social security number, and so on. The only personally identifiable information PAYCHECKCITY collects is in connection with the optional subscription to our newsletter or on calculators where specific addresses are required for accurate payroll tax computations.  

  
PAYCHECKCITY also collects nonpersonal information that helps us to understand site visitor demographics such as company, size of company, industry, job function, etc. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only. Additionally, we routinely review the adequacy of our security procedures.

  
How is information collected, used, and disclosed?  
We do not share or sell your personal information to anyone. We do not give your personal information to anyone outside of PAYCHECKCITY for their promotional or marketing use. We do not collect personally identifiable information unless we first ask you for it.  If you register to receive newsletters, you may also get periodic emails from PAYCHECKCITY or our trusted partners. These emails will contain information from companies that offer legitimate products and services typically in the finance, taxation, accounting or payroll related areas. Again, PAYCHECKCITY does not share or sell your personally identifiable information to these companies; we directly manage any email campaigns on behalf of these trusted partners. You may always unsubscribe from future newsletters if you wish.  Additionally, in some states, in order to provide accurate paycheck calculations we may ask for street addresses.  These are only used to accurately calculate in this locale. Address information is deleted at the completion of your PaycheckCity session.  **No addresses are stored**.

  
Whether you provide any information is entirely up to you. If you have voluntarily provided information, you consented to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as described in this Privacy Policy. Also, PAYCHECKCITY may provide aggregate statistics about visitors to our sites, such as volume, traffic patterns, visitor demographics and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifiable information. PAYCHECKCITY may also disclose information in special cases when we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; (c) enforce the Web site Terms and Conditions of Use; or (d) act to protect the interests of our users or others.

  
Cookies may be used by third-party advertisers who serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/).

  
What are cookies and how are they used?  
Some PAYCHECKCITY sites, like many other commercial web sites, may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" to collect information about how our site is used. Cookies were designed to help a web site operator determine that a particular user had visited the site previously and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. Cookies are small strings of text that web sites can send to your browser. Cookies cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or obtain your e-mail address. If you are simply browsing a PAYCHECKCITY informational site, a cookie may be used to identify your browser as one that has visited the site before.  
We may also make use of memory-based cookies in support of authenticating the user of certain PAYCHECKCITY web applications. Similarly, we may use cookies so that we can provide information based on preferences you have indicated while using the site. Although you have the ability to modify your browser to either accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is sent, or reject all cookies, it may not be possible to utilize PAYCHECKCITY services which require registration if you reject cookies.

  
How do we protect your information?  
We use industry standard techniques including firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection and site monitoring to protect your personally identifiable information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. This is especially true for information you transmit to us via e-mail. We have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our servers. Internally, we will restrict access to your personally identifiable information to employees who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. These employees are limited in number, and are committed to our privacy policies. We will review our security arrangements from time to time as we deem appropriate.

  
How can you help protect your information?  
If you are using a PAYCHECKCITY web site for which you registered and chose an Access Code, we recommend that you do not divulge your Access Code to anyone. We will never ask you for your Access Code in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Also remember to sign out of the registered site and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if others have access to your computer. Other PAYCHECKCITY sites may contain links to other sites, including those of our business partners. While we seek to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please [contact us](http://www.paycheckcity.com/pages/contact.asp).

  
Last Updated: May 17, 2011

[Contact PaycheckCity](http://www.paycheckcity.com/contact-us.htm) for more information about our [payroll withholding calculators](http://www.paycheckcity.com/products-solutions/private-label-calculators.htm), and other payroll tools including the [Symmetry Tax Engine](http://www.paycheckcity.com/products-solutions/ste.htm) and [private-label paycheck calculators](http://www.paycheckcity.com/products-solutions/private-label-calculators.htm).
