> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the paydq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020602135537id_/http%3A//www.paydq.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

This website is owned and operated by PayDQ Services, L.L.C. We recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us and how we treat that information. So we have developed a Privacy Policy to address those concerns. We may update the Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally. 

At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. If you register in order to use the feedback features of our site, we use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you have requested. If you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list when you registered, we also may contact you from time to time. You can always change your preference for follow-up contacts just by e-mailing us at any time. We do not share any information you give us with anyone outside of our company. 

In the [Mailing List](https://web.archive.org/web/20020602135537id_/http%3A//www.paydq.com/mail.html) section of our site, we may ask for some personally identifiable information, such as your name, address and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We do not use the information internally for other purposes, and we do not share it with anyone outside of PayDQ Services. We do not use your e-mail address for any purpose other than responding to the message you have sent. 

Like most companies, we may use "cookie" technology on our web site. When you log in, the cookie tells us whether you have visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie does not track any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie does not extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features and information in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want. 

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy Statement, please contact us at: [ksothman@epaymentpartners.com](mailto:ksothman@epaymentpartners.com)
