> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the payless.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141216072605id_/http%3A//www.payless.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Payless ShoeSource Privacy Policy

We value our customers and respect their privacy. We seek to provide products, services, and valuable offers to you and your family. We collect information from our interactions with you, other customers and other parties to help us achieve that goal. Your privacy is important to us. As described in this Privacy Policy, we do, however, share your personal information with our affiliates and certain third parties who provide services on our behalf.

In this policy we use 'we' to mean Payless ShoeSource, Inc. We are part of the Payless family of companies and there are details of the other members of the group here <http://www.collectivebrands.com/business-units/>. 

We have made this Privacy Policy available to you to let you know what kind of personal information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, and how you may access the data you provide to us. This policy governs how we collect, use and disseminate the personal information we collect from and about you. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about the way your personal information is collected and used. By visiting any part of our web site (the "Website"), you consent to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use of our Websites, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

### Security - Safeguarding of Your Information

We endeavor to protect against unauthorized disclosures by trying to limit access to nonpublic customer information to the people who need that information to do their jobs. We also inform employees within the Payless family of companies about their responsibility to adhere to our own business ethical standards and confidentiality policies. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of personal information, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the confidentiality and integrity of the personal information we collect. These safeguards are designed to protect against, but are not a guarantee against, the loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction of personal information.

We use technology designed to transfer information securely from your web browser to our web servers. This should mean that all of your personal information, including your credit card number, is encrypted to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than us. To check the security of your connection, look for an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your web browser). This and a change in the first characters of the site address from "http" to "https" should alert you that this technology is active. 

Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. When you start your session in a password protected area please make sure you have a secure connection and that you log out once you have finished. 

### Types of Information We Collect and How We Collect It

We collect information such as your name, email, postal address, phone number, and billing and credit card information when you register this information with our Website; make an in-store purchase or provide this information in a store; place an order on-line; save your information with us online; use a mobile application; or participate in sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys. We may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. You may choose not to provide certain information, but choosing to do so may prevent you from being able to take advantage of many of our Website's features or from conducting transactions. 

When you submit a question to customer service, we may need your email address to respond, and you may also provide us with additional information to help us answer your question.

We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make in our stores or on-line, and may secure information about you from our joint marketing partners or from unrelated third parties. We may also collect demographic information, and we may use mailing lists from third parties. Whenever you browse our site, we automatically receive and record information, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name and specific web pages through which you click. 

We use computer "cookies" (small files placed on your hard drive) to make your shopping experience more efficient, convenient and personalized. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that enable our systems to recognize your browser and share information with your computer. Through the use of these cookies, we may automatically collect information and data, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name and specific web pages through which you click. Cookies are not required for you to browse our site, but they are required to add items to your shopping cart and for you to place an order. Cookies should not contain personal data other than your IP address. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our Website's features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. By using the site you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more about cookies and how to use them visit the Help portion of your internet browser.

We may also use third party companies to place advertising at other sites across the Internet. These advertising companies collect information about your visits to our Website or interaction with our email through the use of "web beacons". This technology allows them to use information about your visits to this and other web sites to help us serve you better. We also use web beacons to review how visitors navigate the Website or interact with our email advertising. If you would like more information about this practice, and your choices and they relate to this practice, please contact us. To provide location-based services on our Website and through any mobile applications we use we may need to capture and record location data regarding your use of the Website or mobile applications and your travels to provide location-related functionality ("Location-Data"). We may link that Location-Data to other information that you provide to us or that may be accessed in connection with your use of the Website or the mobile applications. Your use of, and our ability to offer functionality through, the Website or mobile applications is then enabled through our use and disclosure to third parties of Location-Data and associated information.

### How We Use Your Information.

Our primary purpose for collecting personal information is for us to provide you with a safe, efficient and beneficial experience. We may use your personal information for the purpose of improving our services and our Website's contents or mobile application layout and functionality; to inform you about future marketing, service updates and promotional offers; to communicate preferences which you have indicated; to customize the advertising and content you see and improve future shopping for you; to determine whether you are eligible for an offer; to verify information; to improve our services, or for any other purpose disclosed at the point of collection. We may also use your information to provide services and customer support that you may request, as well as to correct problems, resolve disputes and collect fees. 

When you browse our Website or make a purchase online, the information recorded and collected automatically, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name and specific web pages through which you click, is used in aggregate to help us look for trends so that we can improve our Website and your browsing experience. These statistics may also be used in communications, such as our annual report, but we do not identify individuals in these communications. 

When you purchase items from us, we use your personal information to process and fulfill your order, send you emails to notify you of order status, or to contact you by phone, postal mail or email if we have questions regarding your order or purchase.

When you register with us or when you make a purchase at a store or one of our Websites, we may use your personal information to send you information and updates about new products, special sales and promotions related to your purchase, and to help us learn more about your shopping preferences. These communications may be sent via email, postal mail, telephone text message, or through a mobile application. You always have the choice to opt-out of receiving these marketing communications.

If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or promotion, on-line, over the phone, through a mobile application or at one of our stores, we may use your personal information to contact you via email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or through a mobile application regarding our products, services, contests and promotions. You may choose at any time not to receive these marketing communications. We may still need to contact you on a limited basis, however - for example, to notify winners and to fulfill promotional obligations.

We may also use the information we collect on our Website as necessary to comply with legal requirements, to enforce the Website terms of use, to prevent fraud, to co-operate with law enforcement and regulatory authorities and to stop other prohibited, illegal or harmful activities.  
We share information across the Payless family and we may use servers and resources of other members of the group to process your data. Our main servers are in Topeka, Kansas, USA and it is likely that your data will be held on servers there and at other Payless locations around the world. When you provide us with your personal data, you acknowledge that this information may be stored and processed on servers located outside the European Economic Area ('EEA') and you consent to your personal data being exported outside the EEA and being stored and processed at our discretion on any of Payless’ servers wherever located.

### Our Disclosure of Your Information

We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize our services. We may also use third-party companies to assist in collection and analysis of data collected through the use of web beacons.

We may share your personal information with affiliated companies that are subject to privacy policies consistent with this policy. 

We may also share your personal information with outside companies that perform services specifically for the Payless family of companies. We may employ independent contractors, vendors and suppliers to provide specific services and products. For example, we may retain an outside company to create and distribute a direct mail or email offering. Other examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail, email, or text messages, communicating with our customers, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, fraud screening, translation services and providing customer service. They may sometimes have access to information collected by us, including your personal data, in the course of providing products or services to us. In those situations, the outside company is performing work for us, and we take appropriate steps designed to ensure that your personal information is used only to provide the services requested by us.

We may also disclose that personal information to third-parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information.

If we sell or buy any business or assets (in whole or in part), we may disclose your personal data to the prospective sellers or buyers of the business or assets and their advisors. If Payless or some of its assets are acquired by a third party, the data held will be one of the transferred assets. Similarly, your personal information may be passed on to a successor in interest in the event of a reorganization, reconstruction, liquidation, bankruptcy or administration. It may be that any buyer or successor buys all or only part of our business. It may also be the case that they are not in the same line of business as us. If this is the case we will expect them to observe the terms of this privacy policy.

We reserve the right to release account and other personal information about you when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, or to protect our rights, property, safety or other interests those of our parent company, affiliates and shareholders, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

Any personal information shared via any mobile application or on another website (such as Facebook, YouTube, Google+ or Twitter) may become public information. We cannot control the use of information disclosed in public forums, such as forums, bulletin boards, blogs, chat rooms, and networking functions of mobile applications. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, especially your Location-Data, and be careful how you disclose your Personal Information. Content posted in public areas of our mobile applications, including advice and opinions, represents the views and is the responsibility of those who post the content. We do not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with the content posted. If you have any questions or comments about any content on our mobile applications please contact our Customer Service Center. 

### Safe Harbor

We comply with the US Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor scheme to cover the transfer of data to the US from the European Union and Switzerland. Payless, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. You can learn more about this scheme and see the information we have filed with the Department of Commerce here <http://export.gov/safeharbor/>.

### How We Protect Kids' Privacy On-Line

Our Website is a general audience website and it is our intention that our Website should be used only by persons over age 13. We are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet and will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with any personal data, the parent or guardian of that child should contact our Customer Service Center and ask to have this personal information deleted from our files. If we otherwise obtain knowledge that we have personal information about a child under 13 in our files, we will delete that personal information from our existing files so that it is not in retrievable form.

### Links to Other Websites and Services

Our Websites may contain links to other sites. You should review the policies of those sites before providing any personal information, as we do not control their privacy policies or practices. Our Websites provide links solely for the convenience and information of our customers.

How You Can Review and Change Your Personal and Contact Information and Make Choices About Receiving Marketing Communications or Make General Inquiries.

We provide individuals with reasonable access to their personal data. You can contact us in order to have it corrected, amended or deleted where it is inaccurate or inappropriate for the specified purposes of processing.

The easiest way to look at the personal data we hold and to correct it is to log on to https://www.payless.com/Account/signin.aspx. if you have an account with us. There you can access all of your personal data and contact information that we collect online. You can correct factual errors in your personal data by sending us a request that accurately describes the error. To protect your privacy and security, we may ask you to verify your identity and/or provide other details to help us respond to your request before granting access or making corrections. Please note that any requests to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request, and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request. 

  * Send us an email at: CustomerService@csr.payless.com
  * Call us at: 1-877-474-6379 (Toll-free in U.S. and Canada)  
7:30 AM - 8:00 PM CST Monday - Saturday  
9:30 AM - 8:00 PM CST Sunday 
  * Write to us at: Payless ShoeSource Customer Service  
3231 SE Sixth Avenue  
Topeka, KS 66607

If you receive promotional emails, marketing communications, text messages or other communications from us and you wish to stop receiving the materials, please let us know by contacting us at any of the addresses or phone numbers listed above; you may also opt out by visiting us on the Internet at https://www.payless.com/store/campaign/webunsubscribe.jsp or, at the bottom of each email that you receive from us, you will find information about removing your name from our list; you may also remove your name or change the frequency of emails you receive in My Account. Log on with your email address and password. If you ask us to remove your name and address from our list, we will maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure that we can honor your request. Text messages from us also contain a STOP or unsubscribe feature that you can use to prevent any further text message marketing messages from us. It may take up to 10 days to process your email or text message request, and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which you may continue to receive communications from us. If you are concerned that we have not acted in accordance with our privacy policy please contact our Privacy Officer. Our Customer Service team can give you his contact details. In the unlikely event that you still have an unresolved issue after we have looked into any complaint, if your data was transferred to the US from the European Union or Switzerland under the Safe Harbor scheme you may also contact our dispute resolution service, operated by NIPC an independent arbitration service based in Europe. Our Privacy Officer can give you the details of this service on request.

A Note Regarding Do Not Track Mechanisms in Web Browsers

What is "Do Not Track"? Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. DNT is a simple way for users to inform web services that have been integrated across the Internet (such as buttons, widgets, and other embedded features or content) that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected across websites when they have not interacted with that service on the page.

We (and certain third parties authorized by us) track users' behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of improving our services and to inform you about future marketing and promotional offers. This is described in the section on "How We Use Your Information" above. As noted, we use third-party advertising vendors that use first- and third-party cookies to gather information as customers interact with Payless' Site.

When you turn on DNT in your browser, we no longer have visibility to the sites you visit after you have left Payless.com. We still know the site you were visiting immediately before you came to Payless.com and we will continue to track the parts of our site which you visit, including information about your checkout. However, when you turn on DNT in your browser, we stop collecting information about your recent visits to websites that have integrated our buttons or widgets. We also stop collecting the information that allows us to tailor ads based on your visits to our ad partners' websites. Specifically, we stop collecting the unique browser cookie that links your browser to visits to these websites for tailoring suggestions or ads.

### Applying for a job online

If you use the website to apply to work with us, we will use the information you supply to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics. As a global business we may transfer your details outside of your home country and to other companies in the Payless family. Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example where we want to take up a reference we will not do so without informing you first unless the disclosure is required by law. Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for up to 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed, it will then be destroyed or deleted. We retain de-personalized statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but individuals should not be identifiable from that data. 

Once a person has taken up employment with us, we will compile a file relating to their employment. At that stage we will give more details about how we hold employee data.

### Notice to California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights

In addition to other rights described in this Privacy Policy, if you are a California resident with whom we have established a business relationship and whose personal information (for instance name, address, email address, age, occupation, education) we have disclosed to third parties for the third-parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, you shall have the right, subject to certain exceptions and our offering you the choice not to have your personal information shared as described above, to receive the following information within thirty (30) days' of receipt of the request: (1) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to such third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year; and (2) the names and addresses of the third parties that received the personal information during the preceding calendar year. All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to: Attention: Payless ShoeSource Customer Service, 3231 SE 6th Avenue, Topeka, KS 66607, USA.

### Payless ShoeSource, Inc. Mobile SMS/MMS Program Terms and Conditions

The following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") govern your use of our Mobile SMS/MMS Program (the "Mobile Program"), so please read them carefully. **Your use of any aspect of the Mobile Program constitutes your agreement to comply with these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy Terms of Use.** By opting into the Mobile Program you become a "Insider" and will be one of the first to receive early notice of future sales and exclusive offers directly to your mobile device from us. If you cannot agree with these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Mobile Program. These Terms and Conditions may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. Continued use of the Mobile Program by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to these Terms and Conditions.

**Your consent is not a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services from Payless ShoeSource®.**

Your failure to follow these Terms and Conditions may result in suspension or termination of your access to the Mobile Program, without notice, in addition to our other remedies. We also reserve the right to discontinue the Mobile Program, or change the content or formatting of the Mobile Program, at any time without notice to you, and to require the immediate cessation of any specific use of the Mobile Program.

**Participation and Costs:** By providing your cell phone number to us or texting (1) **"SHOES"** or **"PAYLESS"** to 747474 (for the US), (2) **"ZAPATOS"** to 89898 (for Puerto Rico), or (3) **"PAYLESS"** or **"SHOES"** to 78787 (for Canada), you are requesting us to send you text messages and alerts to your cell phone using an automatic telephone dialing system. Your consent is not a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services from Payless ShoeSource®. For the U.S. and Puerto Rico programs, we will not send you more than 8 text messages per month. For the Canadian program, we will not send you more than 4 text message per month. Depending on the terms of your mobile phone calling plan, **message and data rates may apply**.

To Stop the Program: If at any time, you want to stop receiving text messages from us, text (1) **"STOP"** to 747474 (for the U.S.), (2) **"ALTO"** to 89898 for Puerto Rico, or (3) **"END"** or **"FIN"** to 78787 (for Canada) or call the numbers listed below.

US (English) - 866-746-5923  
US (Spanish) - 866-384-1594

Puerto Rico (Spanish) - 888-411-9272

Canada (English) - 877-661-6151  
Canada (French) - 877-661-6152

**Questions/Help:** For help regarding SMS/MMS alerts you receive from us, text (1) **"HELP"** to 747474 (for the US), (2) **"AYUDA"** to 89898 (for Puerto Rico), or (3) **"HELP"** or **"AIDE"** to 78787 (for Canada) or call the numbers listed above.

**Find Your Carrier:** The following carriers are currently supported in the U.S.: Alltel, AT&T, Boost Mobile, CellCom, Cellular One, Cellular South, Cincinnati bell, Cricket, nTelos, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobile, Interop, Metro PCS. The following carriers are currently supported in Puerto Rico: AT&T (Centennial), Verizon Wireless, Sprint Boost T-Mobile, Open Mobile, and Claro. The following carriers are currently supported in Canada: Aliant Mobility, Bell Mobility, Fido, MTS, NothernTel Mobility, Rogers Wireless, SaskTel Mobility, Télébec Mobilité, TELUS Mobility, Virgin Mobile Canada.

**Availability and Restrictions:** You must be 18 years of age or older to sign up for the Mobile Program, and by signing up you are representing that you are at least 18 years of age. The Mobile Program is available to residents of the 50 United States, Puerto Rico, and Canada. You understand and acknowledge that you may not sign up for, access, or attempt to access or use the Mobile Program from countries outside of the U.S. Puerto Rico, and Canada, and you agree to abide by U.S. and other applicable export control laws and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any content or software subject to restrictions under such laws to a national destination or person prohibited under such laws.

**Intellectual Property:** You agree not to modify the format or branding of the content provided in the Mobile Program ("Content"), or to add any materials, including any advertisements or other promotional content, to such Content. The Content is owned by us, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or licensors and is protected by intellectual property laws in the U.S. and may be protected by laws in other countries. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to receive and use the Content on a designated compatible mobile device, solely for your own personal, non-commercial use. You shall not reproduce, modify, perform, transfer, distribute, sell, create derivative works of or otherwise use or make available the Content except as expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions or with the express written consent from us.

**Publicly-Shared Information:** Any information shared on another website (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, etc.) may become public information. We cannot control the use of information disclosed in public forums, such as forums, bulletin boards, blogs, chat rooms, and networking functions of mobile-device applications. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, especially your Location-Data, and be careful how you disclose your personal information or information related to you. Content posted in public areas, including advice and opinions, represents the views and is the responsibility of those who post the content. We do not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with the content posted. If you have any questions or comments about any such content or the Mobile Program, please send us an email at CustomerService@csr.payless.com or contact us at 1-877-474-6379.

**Location Data:** We must capture and record certain information regarding your location and travels, and use of the Mobile Program or our website, (collectively the "Location-Data") in order for us to provide you with the location-based services or functionality of the Mobile Program or our website. We may link your Location-Data to other information that you provide to us or that may be accessed in connection with your use of the Mobile Program or our website. Your use of, and our ability to offer functionality through, the Mobile Program or our website is enabled through our use and disclosure of your Location-Data and associated information to third-parties.

**Dispute Resolution:** Except for disputes that can be brought in small claims court, all disputes between you and Payless arising out of, relating to or in connection with text, SMS, MMS, recorded or other telephone messages or calls and these terms and conditions shall be exclusively settled through binding arbitration through the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") pursuant to the AAA's then-current rules for commercial arbitration. There is no judge or jury in arbitration. Arbitration procedures are simpler and more limited than rules applicable in court and review by a court is limited. YOU AND PAYLESS AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ARBITRATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. Notwithstanding any provision in these terms to the contrary, if the class-action waiver in the prior sentence is deemed invalid or unenforceable, however, neither you nor we are entitled to arbitration. This arbitration agreement is subject to the Federal Arbitration Act. The arbitrator's award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any provision in these terms to the contrary, we agree that if Payless makes any future material change to this dispute resolution provision, it will not apply to any individual claim(s) that you had already provided notice of to Payless. Information on AAA and how to start arbitration can be found at www.adr.org or by calling 800-778-7879.

These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Kansas without regard to conflict of law provisions. If the arbitration in this section provision is found unenforceable or to not apply for a given dispute, then the proceeding must be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in Shawnee County, Kansas.

Additional Legal Information/Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability: We provide the Mobile Program "as is" and shall not be held liable for your use of the information, content, or material contained therein. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE MOBILE PROGRAM, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. We are not responsible for incomplete, lost, late, damaged, illegible or misdirected email or mobile messages or for any technical problems, malfunctions of any telephone lines, computer systems, servers, providers, hardware/software, lost or unavailable network connections or failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmission or any combination thereof. We are not responsible for any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participation in or accessing or downloading information in connection with this Program. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY A WEBSITE USER TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS PROGRAM IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAW. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. We reserve the right at its sole discretion to disqualify or restrict access from any individual who tampers with the Mobile Program or its process. We assumes no responsibility for undeliverable emails or text messages resulting from any form of active or passive email or mobile filtering by a user's internet service provider / mobile provider and/or email client or for insufficient space in user's email or mobile phone account to receive email or messages. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel or suspend any portion of the Mobile Program should a virus, bugs, or other causes beyond the our control corrupt the administration, security or proper operation of the Program. In the event of termination, a notice will be posted on-line. We reserve the right to modify the Mobile Program or any promotion conducted as part of the Mobile Program, or to disqualify participants, if fraud, misconduct or technical failures destroy the integrity of the Mobile Program as determined by us, in our sole discretion. Void where prohibited; all federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. Coupons received on your mobile phone are not valid at Shopko® locations.

### Amendments to Our Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as our business changes. If our policy changes in the future, we will post an updated privacy policy on our Website. You can tell if this policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the end of this policy. If you would like a permanent record of this privacy policy please print a copy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 30th 2013.

Effective December 19, 2011.



