> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the paymentwall.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100806191330id_/http%3A//www.paymentwall.com/en/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PaymentWall - The All-in-One Monetization Suite

Welcome to the Paymentwall, Inc. (www.paymentwall.com). This policy covers how Paymentwall treats personal information that we collect and receive. Paymentwall values the privacy of its users who visit and use the Paymentwall Integrated Platform (collectively or individually, "you" or "Users").

Our Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect when you visit our Paymentwall Integrated Platform, how we use, share and protect it. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Web site and our Integrated Platform. This Privacy Policy applies to personally identifiable information collected on the Web site where this Privacy Policy is posted.

If you are under 13 years-of-age, please do not use or access the Paymentwall Integrated Platform or any of our products at any time. Paymentwall does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years-of-age. If Paymentwall learns that personally-identifiable information of those under 13-years-of-age has been collected on our web site or through the Paymentwall Integrated Platform, then Paymentwall will take the appropriate action to delete the information.

Paymentwall uses the information that you provide or that we collect to operate and provide all of the features found on the Paymentwall Integrated Platform, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as surveys and/or site registrations, digital goods purchase, name/address, payment information (e.g., credit card information), to allow Paymentwall to track user-generated content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page and our platform. With respect to cookies, we use cookies to store visitors preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same text or banner ads, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.  
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our web pages and our platform. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and click stream information. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.

Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the address below, writing to us at the address below.  
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the address below, contacting us by phone below, or writing to us at the address below.

Credit card, alternative direct payments safety and security:  
Our goal is to provide you with a safe and convenient online experience. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input. To make purchases using a credit card or alternative direct payment, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Safari, Netscape Navigator 3.0 or later, Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it’s transmitted over the Internet. When you enter sensitive information (such as Paypal account, Amazon Payments account, mobile number, credit card number or your password) and place an order online, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL), the approved industry standard. To check for the security of your internet connection, view the lower corner of your browser window as you place your order online. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock, then the SSL is active and the server is secure. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https". For credit card transactions, we will transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. We will only reveal the last 4 digits of your credit card number when printing an order confirmation. For security purposes we do not keep or store your credit card information as it is only used to complete the secured transaction. Since we don't keep your credit card number and sensitive information after the transaction is completed, your credit card information cannot be given or sold to anyone else. To protect against unauthorized access to your account and to your computer, be sure to sign off when finished.

Unsolicited e-mails:  
Paymentwall does not send unsolicited e-mails to non-public addresses or to anyone who has asked us not to contact him or her. Any newsletters that we send are only sent to those who have subscribed to them. To stop receiving e-mails or newsletters from Paymentwall, click on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail or newsletter.

Disclaimer and refund policy:  
Paymentwall does not accept returns of downloadable digital goods and products. Refund requests are reviewed on a case by case basis. If approved, the remaining balance will be given in the same form as the original method of payment, less any transaction fees, within seven business days. We disclaim any responsibility for the deletion, the failure to store, the misdelivery, or the untimely delivery of any information or material. We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information on the Internet using our sites. We disclaim any responsibility for, and if you purchase one of our digital goods, you will not be entitled to a refund as a result of, any service outages that are caused by our maintenance on the servers or the technology that underlies our sites, failures of our service providers (including telecommunications, hosting, and power providers), computer viruses, natural disasters or other destruction or damage of our facilities, acts of nature, war, civil disturbance, or any other cause beyond our reasonable control.

With respect to security: Paymentwall has appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site or through the Paymentwall Integrated Platform. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Paymentwall, and you do so at your own risk. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at

Paymentwall, Inc.  
1390 Market St. Suite 112  
San Francisco, CA 94102.

We can be reached via e-mail at [info@paymentwall.com](mailto:info@paymentwall.com)  
or you can reach us by telephone at 415-707-9920

Privacy Policy effective as of April 20, 2010
