> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the payscroll.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-05-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090505162306id_/http%3A//payscroll.com/static/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PayScroll.com - Discover Your Worth!

At PayScroll, we respect the privacy of the users of our website and services and are committed to protecting it. We have created this policy to demonstrate our commitment to you and to help you understand it. This Privacy Policy covers PayScroll.Com's treatment of “Your Profile” information that is collected when you are on the PayScroll.Com site, and when you use PayScroll.Com's services. By using PayScroll, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Commitment. Your information will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States of America. The PayScroll Site contains links to other Web sites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other Web sites to which you choose to link from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other Web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. 

### 1\. Collection and Use of Information

A general visit to PayScroll.com does not require you to reveal any personally identifiable information about yourself. To use some of the features or services that we offer, you may be required to create a PayScroll member account, participate in questionnaires or surveys, or use the QnA section. PayScroll.com allows Members (“Member”) to create individual profiles, which may include personal information (“Your Personal Profile”, “Your Skills Profile”) and professional information (“Your Professional Profile”). The personal information provided as part of your profile will be made public to others, and the professional information will remain anonymous to the others and the general public. The user submitted personally identifiable information collected such as your name, username, email address, zip code, age, gender and employment, education, and current salary information may be used to deliver certain services, products or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter certain password protected areas of the Site, send you notices for services that you have used or that may be of interest to you, and improve the content and general administration of the Site. We may receive your personally identifiable information from our partners that provide us with third-party services so that we can customize and improve the services that we may provide to you. In addition, non-personally-identifiable information such as IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site are collected. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes. 

We have areas on the PayScroll.com where you can submit feedback and comments. Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes our property, and we can use such feedback or comments for marketing purposes or to contact you for further information. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about PayScroll, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit PayScroll.com. We will not sell or rent the information entered in the “Your Profile” section to third parties for their marketing purposes and will only disclose the information you provide us in accordance with our Privacy Policy and/or with your explicit consent. 

### 2\. Sharing and Disclosure of Information 

Except as otherwise described in this privacy policy, PayScroll.com will not disclose the information you provide us to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by PayScroll.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the PayScroll.com Terms of Service Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. PayScroll.com reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of PayScroll.com or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below. 

PayScroll.com does not provide detailed information about individual site visits, nor the information provided in the “Your Profile” section, to outside companies without users’ permission. PayScroll.com may share aggregated information about the use of this site to companies with which PayScroll.com has business relationships. This usage information, such as numbers and frequency of visits, is used to attract appropriate advertisers to various areas of the site. PayScroll.com provides this data so that advertisers and other businesses can better understand how people use partners’ content and the PayScroll.com site, with the goal of providing users with the best web experience. 

### 3\. Changing “Your Profile” Information

You may review, correct and delete any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. If you wish to review or correct any information you have provided to us, you may access your account and review, correct and delete your personally identifiable information. 

### 4\. Use of Cookies  

PayScroll.com uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising, and web page content based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. However, you must enable cookies from PayScroll.com in order to use most functions on the site Please note that PayScroll.com allows 3rd party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the PayScroll Privacy Policy. 

### 5\. Links to other External Websites 

PayScroll.com contains links to other sites. PayScroll.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on PayScroll.com. 

### 6\. Third Party Advertising  

Ads or links appearing on this web site may be delivered to you by PayScroll.com or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by PayScroll.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

### 7\. Security  

PayScroll.com user accounts are secured by user-created passwords. PayScroll.com takes precautions to ensure that user account information is kept private. We use measures that are consistent with industry practices to protect user information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to user information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. For any additional information about the security measures we use on PayScroll.com, please contact us at Support@PayScroll.com. 

### 8\. Changes in Our Privacy Policy  

From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make you aware of what the changes are so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. You are bound by any minor changes to the policy when you use the site after those changes have been posted If, however, we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days. 

### 9\. Contacting PayScroll.com  

PayScroll.com cares deeply about online privacy, and so if you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please send us an email at [Support@PayScroll.com](mailto:support@payscroll.com?subject=Questions%20about%20PayScroll.com%20Privacy%20Policy)
