> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the payzone.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161103200058id_/http%3A//www.payzone.ie/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Payzone

Payzone Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Payzone" "us" "we" or "our") is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws. You can visit www.payzone.ie ("Site") without disclosing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We have provided this Privacy Policy Statement to help you understand how we collect, use and protect your information when you visit the Site. We wish to help you make informed decisions, so please take a few moments to read the sections below and learn how we may use your personal information.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement "Payzone" means Payzone Ireland and any company or other entity within the group

You should read this notice in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of use for the Site.

###  **Personal Information Collection**

We endeavour to collect and use your personal information only with your knowledge and consent and typically when you use services, make customer enquiries, register for information or other services, or when you respond to communications from us (such as questionnaires or surveys).

The type of personal information we may collect could include, for example, your name and postal address, date of birth, gender, telephone and fax numbers, email address, and lifestyle and other information collected on registration or through surveys. If you choose to provide us with personal information it will be used in support of the intended purposes stated at the time at which it was collected, and subject to any preferences indicated to you.

You acknowledge that by providing data to us, you consent to the processing of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement.

###  **Access to your Information**

You can write to us at any time to obtain details of the personal information we may hold about you.*

The Data Protection Manager  
Payzone Ireland  
Payzone House  
4 Fern Road (off Heather Road)  
Sandyford Ind Est  
Dublin 18  
Republic of Ireland

### Cookie Policy

###### Cookie Name

| 

###### Nature of cookie

| 

###### First or Third Party

| 

###### Purpose  
  
---|---|---|---  
  
__utma

__utmb

__utmc

__utmz

| 

__utma is a persistent cookie

__utmb and __utmc are session cookies that last for a maximum of 30 minutes

__utmz is a persistent cookie that lasts for six months

| 

These are third party cookies that are placed on your device to allow us to use the Google Analytics service

| 

These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website.  We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website.  The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.  Further information is available about these cookies here: <http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html>  
  
JSESSIONID

| 

A JESSIONID cookie lasts until the end of the session

| 

This is a cookie placed on your device by us

| 

JSESSIONID is the unique ID of the http session generated by the server  
  
cookieStatus_payzoneie

| 

A cookieStatus_ payzoneie cookie lasts for a maximum of 10 days

| 

This is a cookie placed on your device by us

| 

The cookie Status is set if you accept the cookie policy on the website. It removes the policy overlay.
