> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xpo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624013123id_/http%3A//www.xpo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# | XPO Logistics

Protecting your information online is of the utmost importance to XPO Logistics, Inc. (together, “XPO Logistics”, we, “us”, or “our”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains what information we collect about you, how we will and will not use the information you entrust to us, with whom we may share such information, and what choices you have regarding our use of such information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the XPO Logistics website located at [www.xpo.com](http://www.xpo.com/) (the “Site”), any mobile applications associated with the Site or otherwise offered by XPO Logistics (the “Mobile Applications”), all interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks and social network “tabs”, and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology or any associated content, material, software or functionality contained on the Site or Mobile Applications(collectively the “Software” and, together with the Mobile Applications and the Site, the “System”). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “XPO Logistics” shall include XPO Logistics, Inc. and all of its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, agents, and employees.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is a part of the terms of use of the Site [here](http://www.xpo.com/website-terms-use) (the “[Terms of Use](http://www.xpo.com/website-terms-use)”). We encourage you to become familiar with the terms and conditions of both this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. By accessing and using the System, or any part thereof, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy, and that in exchange for access to the System, you accept and consent to the privacy practices (and any uses and disclosures of information about you) that are described in this Privacy Policy.

**Your Consent**

By using the System (or any portion thereof), you agree that this Privacy Policy governs our collection, use and disclosure of any information collected by us on or through the System. If you do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the System (or any portion thereof). This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the System and not to any information collected offline.

**Information Collection and Use**

You can visit the System as often as you like without registering or submitting personal information. However, if you submit a request to us or initiate a contractual relationship with us through the System, whether as an investor, customer, carrier, vendor, employee or contractor, you may be asked for information that will allow us to fulfill your request, which information may include, without limitation: any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home, business, or other physical address, business name, a phone number, an email address, employer name, employer information (i.e., company size, industry, number of employees), and credit card information (such as credit card number, expiration date, and security code) (collectively “Personal Information”). You acknowledge that your use of certain portions of, or Software contained on, the System is conditional on your provision of such Personal Information.

In addition, XPO Logistics may collect certain other information by automated means, including, but not limited to: (1) information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser when you visit the System or use the Software, such as your IP address, the identity of your internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit, and (2) certain other non-personal information, such as how long you stay on each page links you click on or hover over, selections you make on a Mobile Application or the Site, features you use, preferences you set, general physical location, as well as any other information collected as further described in this Privacy Policy. We also use “cookies” and other web or mobile technologies to collect information and support certain features of the System (as described in the “Cookies and Usage Reports” section below). The information we collect from your Web browser and from cookies and other Web or mobile technologies does not identify you personally but in some cases we may link it to your Personal Information.

In addition to the other uses mentioned or described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, XPO Logistics and our third party service providers may use the information we collect for various purposes, including (1) providing certain services to you; (2) providing regulatory required communications; (3) opening, maintaining, and closing accounts; (4) processing payments; (5) marketing or promoting our services; (6) performing fulfillment functions; (7) engaging third party service providers to perform transportation or logistics services, (8) conducting satisfaction and other surveys, (9) improving the System's content, materials, and services; and (10) more effectively and efficiently responding to both current and future customer (or potential customer) inquiries; and (11) analyzing and improving the content, features, Software, Site, and Mobile Applications that we make available on the System. We may also send you information that you request from us, promotional materials regarding XPO Logistics’ services and facilities, and any other communication for any other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Additionally, we may retain and use certain collected information to facilitate and otherwise address certain inquiries, requests, subscriptions, or business transactions and relationships with XPO Logistics, respond to your questions or requests for information about or from XPO Logistics, and ensure compliance with any XPO Logistics policies and any applicable law. XPO Logistics may also exchange collected information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and collection activities.

**Disclosure of Information**

In addition to the uses mentioned or described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use, we may catalog and add information collected via the System (including Personal Information) to our database. We may also share your information with any of our affiliates or subsidiaries for the purpose of providing the System, for any purpose described in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, or for any other lawful purposes. Also, we may, from time to time, utilize a number of trusted business and marketing partners in delivering the content, materials, and opportunities available on or through the System. To the extent necessary for purposes of communicating with you or fulfilling your requests for such content, materials, and opportunities, we may share collected information with our affiliates or business partners. XPO Logistics also may release certain information collected via the System in connection with joint marketing efforts and strategic alliances.

No Personal Information submitted to us will be shared with or sold to any other company or individual for marketing purposes without prior authorization. We may provide certain of your Personal Information to our employees and trusted business counterparties but will do so solely in the course of performing services you have requested. We and our respective trusted business partners and third party services providers may also produce reports and aggregate statistics about the visitors to the System or users of the Software, including reports on the System’s traffic or usage patterns, and share these statistics and reports with our affiliates, business partners, or others, but the information contained in these statistics and reports will be anonymous and will not include any information that identifies you.

In addition to any other rights granted in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, XPO Logistics may also disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on XPO Logistics; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of XPO Logistics; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees, users of our products or services or members of the public.

As XPO Logistics grows and develops its business, it is possible that its corporate structure or organization might change or that it might merge or otherwise combine with, or that it or portions of its business might be acquired by, another company. In any such transactions, customer information generally is, and should be expected to be, one of the transferred business assets.

**Ongoing Communications**

The System may provide you with the opportunity to elect to receive future communications about XPO Logistics products and services. If you authorize these communications, we may contact you periodically with such information. However, if you later change your mind and would like to stop receiving such communications, please contact us at the address listed below and let us know that you would like to be removed from all further communications or click the link at the bottom of any email you receive from us and follow the instructions. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process. Please note that even if you opt-out as described above, XPO Logistics may retain your collected information (including Personal Information) for analytical purposes and other internal purposes, including an ability to reconnect you with such information if you later opt-in to any services or functionalities provided via the System.

**Cookies and Usage Reports**

By placing a small file known as a "cookie" on your computer (or other device), XPO Logistics’ and its third party service providers’ servers may passively gather information about visitors' use of the System for several reasons, including, but not limited to, the following: statistics collection and analysis, System optimization, analytics (as described below), market research, and maintenance of user login information. The information that we and our third party service providers track with cookies may include, but is not necessarily limited to, the type of browser (such as Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) and Internet-connected device being used to access the System, your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, your home domain or Internet service provider, your referrer URL (which is the URL for the website that you were viewing prior to visiting the System), how you were directed to the System, which specific pages you access on the System, how long you view each page, the time and date you access our System and the total number of visitors to the System and any portions thereof. We may also use your IP address to determine the general physical location of your computer or device and understand from what geographic locations our System visitors come.

Most popular Internet browser applications will allow you to configure the browser so as not to accept cookies. However, setting your browser to reject cookies may, in certain instances, prevent you from taking full advantage of the System (or some portion thereof) and its capabilities, or cause some features of the System to function improperly or more slowly.

The Site (and certain other portions of the System) use Google Analytics (including the Universal Analytics feature), a web analysis service provided by Google, in order to better understand your use of the Site (or other portions of the System) and how we can improve the Site and the System. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other websites they used prior to coming to such Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit a Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site or the System is restricted by the [Google Analytics Terms of Use](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of the System, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the System to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. To more fully understand how Google may use the data it collects on the System, please review “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”, (located here or any successor URL). If you would like additional information regarding the security and privacy practices of Google’s Universal Analytics feature, please review the materials provided by Google [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2838718?hl=en).

**Sweepstakes, Promotions, Contests and Surveys**

On the System, you may wish to participate in online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Participation in these polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and promotions is completely voluntary; you have a choice about whether or not to disclose information required to enter. Information requested may include personal contact information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, username, and/or similar information. In addition, as noted above, we may share this information with our affiliates, and other organizations or entities. Through these online polls, surveys and promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on the System with others and sending email invitations. In connection with any online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via the System, we use the information you provide to administer the polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our services or our marketing partners may use such information to communicate with you about the online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or their products and services.

**External Considerations**

Certain portions of the System may include links to other internet sites or other third party applications or systems as a convenience to System users. The inclusion of any link, or third party applications or materials, does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its products, services or privacy practices. Furthermore, XPO Logistics cannot be responsible for personal information disclosed by you to third parties that you reach through links on the System. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each website that you visit. In addition, should you happen to initiate a transaction on a linked website or third party application, even if you reached such site or application through the System, the information that you submit to complete that transaction becomes subject to the privacy practices of the operator of the applicable website or third party application. You should read the privacy policies of each such website or application to understand how personal information that is collected about you is used and protected.

**Security**

XPO Logistics takes commercially reasonable measures to secure and protect information transmitted via or stored on the System. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, XPO Logistics cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to the System. You agree to immediately notify us of any breach of the System’s security, this Privacy Policy, or the Terms of Use of which you become aware.

**Social Media Platforms and Websites**

Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to the System or any of our pages contained on a social media platform or website by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, the “Submissions”) is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of the System or any social media platform and are therefore not responsible for any Submissions contained on a social media platform or website (or which are viewable on the System by other users). Additionally, by visiting any of our pages that are contained on any social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such website or social media platform and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.

**Children’s Policy**

The content of our System is appropriate for, but not targeted to, children under the age of thirteen. XPO Logistics does not market products or services to this age group. The System is not intended for use by children under the age of thirteen; if you are aware of any use of the System (or any portion thereof) by a child under thirteen, please inform XPO Logistics immediately so that XPO Logistics can terminate such usage.

**Visiting the System From Outside the United States**

If you are visiting the System, or any part thereof, from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using any portion of the System, you understand and consent to the transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Updates to Our Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy describes XPO Logistics’ current data protection policies and practices. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All such updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice thereof, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Site and the Mobile Applications. You should view this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the System signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. We expressly reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in those policies and practices. We will also indicate at the bottom of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy shall be deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which were in force on each respective date you visited the System. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party other than XPO Logistics.

**Contact Us**

Please address any questions or comments about or arising from this Privacy Policy to:

**XPO Logistics, Inc.**  
Attn: General Counsel  
Five American Lane  
Greenwich, CT 06831

**Acknowledgement**

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SYSTEM, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND CONSENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, AND TO THE USES AND DISCLOSURES OF COLLECTED INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, THAT ARE DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE REFERENCED ABOVE.

This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 30, 2015.

Para conocer el Aviso de privacidad de México oprima aquí: [Aviso de Privacidad Mexico](https://web.archive.org/sites/default/files/legal/Aviso%20de%20Privacidad%20Mexico%20Oct%202016.pdf)
