> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 3dfreegames.me privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131228075204id_/http%3A//3dfreegames.me/index.php%3Ftask%3Dterms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 3DFreeGames.ME - Play Free Online Games on 3DFreeGames.ME

Automatically logged information (server logs), cookies, Flash shared objects

  


### Server logs:

Like most servers, our servers automatically record the page requests made when users visit our Site. These "server logs" typically include your web request (the requested content), IP address, browser type, browser language and the date and time of your request. We use this information to help diagnose problems, to analyze statistics of our Site, and to allow us to improve the overall user-experience. No personal information (like your name, email or phone number) is being gathered with server logs. We do not transfer these data to third parties as long as it is not required by law.

  


### Cookies:

The Site also uses the third party web analytics service "Google Analytics" (GA), by Google, Inc. GA use "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. **You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser,** however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. No personal information (like your name, email or phone number) is being gathered with cookies.

**By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.**

  


### Flash shared objects:

Most games on this Site are based on Flash technology (Flash Games). Flash Games may collect data in "shared objects" which are textfiles stored on your computer. We have no control over what data Flash Games of third parties may collect. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties Flash Games.

**Use of Facebook and Google Social Plugins**

The responsible entity uses social plugins ("plugins") of the social networks Facebook and Google on its website from facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States ("Facebook") and google.com, which is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California, 94043, United States ("Google+1").

The plugins are marked with their logos: Facebook and Google+1. If the customer visits a web page on nx8.com, which contains such a plugin, the browser builds up a direct link to the Facebook or Google servers. The contents of the plugin is from Facebook and Google directly to the browser of the customer and integrated into this website.

By integrating these plugins Facebook and Google receive information that the customer has visited this website nx8.com. If the customer is logged into Facebook or Google, these companies can assign the visit of the website to his or her Facebook/Google account. When the customer interacts with the plugins, for example, the "Like" button, "+1 Button" or add a comment, the corresponding information from the client's browser is sent directly to Facebook or Google and stored there. Purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of data through Facebook or Google are related to the settings of the customer to protect his privacy, refer to the privacy policies of Facebook or Google.
