> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gls-group.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228175448id_/https%3A//gls-group.eu/EU/en/privacy-policy-group) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | GLS Parcel Service

General Logistics Systems B.V., Amsterdam (GLS) and its subsidiaries perform reliable and high quality parcel services as well as express deliveries and logistics related value added products.

GLS takes data privacy seriously. For that reason personal data is collected solely according to the applicable statutory regulations. The latest version of this privacy policy can be found on our website www.gls-group.eu.

### Personal data

Personal data comprises particulars on personal or factual circumstances of a specific or determinable individual. This includes for instance information such as name, address, telephone number and date of birth. Information that cannot be linked to a specific or determinable individual - such as favoured web pages or the number of users on a page - is not considered as personal data.

### Collection, Processing and Use of personal data on the GLS website

(1)  
Each time a user accesses a GLS website, data is recorded in a log file. The following data is temporarily recorded:

\- Date and time of request  
\- IP address or DNS name of the requesting computer  
\- requested page (URL)  
\- HTTP answer code  
\- Client operating system and version  
\- Browser and version

(2)   
To use the websites of GLS it may be necessary for GLS’s servers to set cookies. These cookies are used for the technical administration of the website. Every visitor can configure his/her browser to refuse cookies. In this case no data will be saved on the visitor's computer. It may be that you cannot use all functions of the website to the full extend when cookies are disabled.

(3)   
The GLS website is divided into open and closed area. The closed area partly serves to fulfil the contract between the customer and GLS and is only accessible after login with an individual user name and password.

Among other functionalities the open area provides a contact form, Track and Trace functionality and the Parcel Shop search. Personal data entered in the contact form such as name, street, postcode, place, etc. is required for processing your enquiry and will not be passed on to third parties.

(4)   
The stored data from (1) is anonymously analysed for statistical purposes. Statistical reports are used to evaluate the usage of the GLS websites. In particular, the order in which the pages are visited and the path taken between pages is shown. This is intended to give GLS an indication as to how the usability of the website can be further improved.

(5)  
The GLS website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so called "cookies", i.e. text files that are saved on your computer, allowing an analysis of how you use the web site. The information about your use of this web site, generated by the cookie (incl. your IP address), is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and saved there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address is shortened before transmission in member states of the European Union or other contractual states of the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google will use this information in order to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports about the website activities for the website operator and to perform further services that are connected with the website use and the internet use. Moreover, Google will transmit this information to a third party when indicated, as far as this is legally mandatory or as far as a third party is processing this data on behalf of Google. Google will in no case connect your IP address with other data of Google. You can avoid the installation of cookies by adjusting the according settings of your browser software; however we would like to point out that in this case you might not be able to use all functions of this web site to the full extent. Furthermore you can block the registration of the data created by the Cookie (incl. your IP address) and related to your use of this website and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en> .

The GLS website uses the Google Analytics extension „gat._anonymizeIp();“. This ensures anonymised registration of IP addresses ("IP masking").

Status as of: 15/08/2012
