> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 50g.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130723213310id_/http%3A//www.50g.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eSmartStart - Smart Web Hosting!

Privacy Statement  
**Commitment to Privacy:**

eSmartStart respects the sensitive nature of the information you provide us. Our Privacy Policy is designed to protect your personal information while maximizing your access to our free services.  This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we receive about you when you sign up for an account. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully because it governs how we use the information you submit to us. If this Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the information you have submitted to us in a manner that is inconsistent with the Privacy Policy under which the information was originally collected.

 **How We Use Your Information:**  
When you sign up for free web space with eSmartStart, you provide us with some personal information.  Most of it is optional but some is required.  Personal information includes such things as your name, zip code, time zone, and email address which is used to help identify unique accounts, provide you with web traffic statistics tailored to your website, and to provide a level of accountability for use of our services.  Optional information includes a demographic and interest survey.  This information is not used in conjunction with your personal information.  It is used abstractly in part to help us develop our services to meet the needs of the majority of our users and to deliver relevant advertising content.  eSmartStart does not collect, store, or use information about children under 13. You must be at least 13 years of age in order to use an eSmartStart free web account.

E-mail addresses are utilized only to notify users of significant changes, to address support concerns, or to resolve abuse issues.  eSmartStart does not provide or sell **any** sensitive user information, including e-mail addresses, billing information, street addresses, phone numbers, etc. to any third party without the express permission of the user.  Your e-mail address will ONLY be provided to our trusted third party marketing partners if you "opt-in" (specifically choose) to receive e-mail offers about products and services.  Any email you receive resulting in an "opt-in" request will provide you with the opportunity to "opt-out" of receiving future e-mails.  eSmartStart does not promote or tolerate e-mail spam!

**Cookies:**  
eSmartStart uses cookies to facilitate your navigation around the member area of our website.  This cookie information is set to expire every 15 minutes or when you expressly log out of your account.  eSmartStart Cookies are not used for any other purpose.

**Third Party Advertising:**  
We use mostly Google and Yahoo (and occasionally other third-party advertising companies) to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Google's use of the DART cookie, for example, enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, please [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**Contact us:**  
If you have any questions/concerns about our privacy statement, feel free to [CONTACT US](http://www.esmartstart.com/email.php).

Thank You!
