> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the revenue.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2017-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170508221455id_/http%3A//www.revenue.ie/en/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Revenue fully respects your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website.

### Collection and Use of Personal Information

Revenue does not collect any personal information on this website unless you provide such information voluntarily.

We take every precaution to protect the confidentiality of your personal information in accordance with [Data Protection legislation](https://web.archive.org/en/about/data-protection-revenue.html), Electronic Communications legislation and Revenue policy. Any information you provide to us in the course of your business with us is not shared with third parties unless allowed or required by law.

### Collection and use of technical information

We record certain technical details in connection with visits to this website. These details are used for a number of purposes including administering the site, analysing trends and gathering statistics. 

The technical details logged are confined to the following items:

  * the IP address assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider. 
  * the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
  * clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded).
  * the type of web browser used by the website visitor.
  * the version of the operating system used by the visitor.



Revenue does not link technical details collected in connection with visits to revenue.ie with your tax data

### Use of Cookies

Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or application. Your web browser (such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome) then sends these cookies back to the website or application on each subsequent visit so that they can recognise you and remember things like user preferences.

By using our website, you are consenting to our use of cookies. You may opt out of the use of cookies by following the guidance provided in the Manage Your Cookies section below.

Types of cookies we use and why Cookie Name | Expiration Time | Purpose | More Information  
---|---|---|---  
_ga | 2 years | Used to distinguish users | [Overview of privacy at Google](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)  
_gat | 10 minutes | Used to throttle request rate |   
hasConsent | 13 months | Used to indicate a visitor has consented to the use of cookies |    
QSI_HistorySession | Same day | Local cookie to capture survey response | [Overview of privacy at Qualtrics](https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/)  
  
### Managing cookies in your browser

It is possible to disable the use of cookies in your browser.

However, this can affect your browsing experience and some services on this site and others may not function properly, or at all. The procedure for disabling cookies depends on your browser.

We have supplied links to several of the more popular browsers for procedures on how to view and disable cookies.

### Usage of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. 

The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. 

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. 

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this, you may experience difficulty using some services on other websites. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Usage of Qualtrics

This website uses Qualtrics, a customer experience tool provided by Qualtrics, LLC. ("Qualtrics").

Qualtrics will be used to present a survey form on a select number of pages on the website. Only users who have accepted cookies will see a survey form. When the user visits a page that has a survey form, a temporary local cookie will be set. If the user completes the survey, the cookie will be used to capture the response which is encrypted (including the survey ID, intercept ID, date and time) and the information will be transmitted to and stored by Qualtrics. No personally identifiable information is collected.

### myAccount

A separate [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/en/online/myaccount/privacy.html) applies to the myAccount online service.

### LPT online service

A separate [LPT Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/en/online/lpt/privacy.html) applies to the LPT online service.

### ROS and PAYE Anytime

A separate [ROS privacy policy ](http://www.ros.ie/privacy_policy.pdf "External Link") applies to the Revenue Online Service and PAYE Anytime.

### External Links

The Revenue website contains links to other sites. Revenue is not responsible for the privacy standards of other websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave the Revenue website. This privacy statement applies solely to www.revenue.ie. 

### Notification of Changes to this Statement

Revenue reserves the right to amend this statement at any future date and will post any substantive changes here. 

**03 May 2017**

  * Use of Cookies section updated to reflect the change in approach from an opt-in to opt-out approach in the use of cookies on the website.



**20 February 2017**

  * Use of Cookies section expanded to include detail on our use of Qualtrics for surveys.



**29 September 2015**

  * Collection of Internet Protocol Addresses section replaced with an expanded Collection and use of technical information section which includes more detail. 
  * Use of Cookies section expanded to add more detail, including the types of cookies we use and how to disable cookies. Paragraph added to detail our use of Google Analytics.
  * Addition of reference to myAccount Online Service.



**29th June 2013**

  * Collection of IP Addresses section edited to remove the statement that IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. This is to facilitate anti-fraud measures.



**10th March 2013**

  * Addition of reference to LPT Online Service.



**27th May 2011**

  * Use of Cookies section edited to clarify circumstances where we use cookies.



**11th September 2009**

  * Addition of sentence to Use of Cookies section.



**26th February 2009**

  * Some duplicate content removed. 
  * Links section edited to clarify applicability to www.revenue.ie only.
  * Phishing section moved to separate [Security](https://web.archive.org/en/security.html) page.



Print this page
