> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reverbnation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218093759id_/http%3A//www.reverbnation.com/c./cms/PrivacyPolicy%3Fdisplay%3Dview_popup%26layout%3Dpopup) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ReverbNation.com

Welcome to ReverbNation.com ("RN"), owned, produced and operated by eMinor Inc. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any current, updated and new products and services ("Products and Services"), including the addition of new properties shall be subject to this Privacy Policy, as well as the General Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms and Conditions"). By using RN you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions, whether or not you register as a listener ("Listener" or "Fan"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. 

RN is a music-oriented content and information website that provides a service to musical artists and to record companies on behalf of musical artists (each an "Artist" or "Musician" and collectively "Artists" or "Musicians") to post information regarding themselves as well as musical content owned and/or created by them. RN members can view each other's profiles ("Profiles"), communicate with each other, share photos, post journals and comments, and describe their interests. Registered Listeners can change their Profile information at any time and can control how other Listeners and the service communicates with them. Listeners and Artists are sometimes referred to hereinafter individually and collectively as "Users." 

RN cares about online privacy. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at privacy@reverbnation.com.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE BY RN  
RN collects User submitted personal information such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and age to authenticate Users, and to send notifications to those Users relating to, without limitation, the RN service, special events, contests and special offers. 

As is standard practice on many corporate websites, RN also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from Listeners and other visitors to the site. This data is used to improve the website services, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. RN will not use the information collected to market directly to that person. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to Listeners. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.

In addition RN uses pixel tags - tiny graphic images - to tell us what parts of our website have been visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our site. Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format that customers can read. And they tell us whether emails have been opened to assure that we're only sending messages that are of interest to our customers. RN stores all of this information in a secure database.

Listener Profile information including Listeners' pictures and first names is displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the RN social networking community. Listeners' full names are never directly revealed to other Listeners.

RN may also use a Listener's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. RN may send email messages which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on the RN website. When a customer clicks one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. RN tracks this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.

From time to time, RN or a partner may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on RN. Listeners may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. RN may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply. 

RN may also collect information for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service. RN also collects information regarding customer activities on our website, and on related websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites and Internet services are of most interest to them.

USE OF COOKIES  
RN uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements, to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information, to help track usage to help us understand which parts of our website are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. To make usage of our website even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications and to customize each visitor's experience and provide greater convenience.

RN does not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from MP in order to use most functions on the site. Please note that MP allows third party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the MP Privacy Policy. 

LINKS  
RN contains links to third party websites. RN is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on RN. 

CHAT ROOMS, PROFILES, MESSAGE BOARDS AND PUBLIC FORUMS  
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Chat Rooms, Profiles, Message Boards or any other Public Forum, that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. eMinor Inc. is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit on RN. Please think before you post any personal information online. 

CORRECTING/UPDATING OR REMOVING INFORMATION  
RN Listeners may modify or remove any of the personal information contained in their Profile at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info. 

EMAIL CHOICE / OPT OUT  
Listeners who no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may choose not to by opting-out. To opt-out, simply log-in to your Listener Account, click the "Edit Profile" link and select the "No" button next to "Receive PV Email Updates". All notification emails and RN newsletters also include the above instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future. 

THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING  
RN or one of our web-advertising partners may deliver ads appearing on RN to Listeners. Our web-advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers only the use of cookies by RN and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party advertisers. 

SECURITY  
RN Listener and Artist accounts are secured by Listener-created and Artist-created (as applicable) passwords. RN takes precautions to insure that account information is kept private. RN uses reasonable measures such as encryption to protect private information that is stored within our database against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we restrict access to such private information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that MP cannot guarantee the security of Listener or Artist account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. Users are urged to also take precautions to protect their personal data by changing passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and using a secure web browser. For any additional information about the security measures MP uses on our website, please contact us at privacy@musicpimp.com. 

SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION REVERBNATION COLLECTS  
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, RN will not disclose personal information to any third party unless believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by RN, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the RN Terms and Conditions or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and Listeners of the service. RN reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of RN or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information, see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below. RN takes your privacy very seriously. RN does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers. To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with the eMinor Inc, who will safeguard it in accordance with RN's privacy policy. There are also times when it may be advantageous for MP to make certain personal information about you available to companies that RN has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for RN to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with MP's policies. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers, and content on the RN website.

PRIVACY OF CHILDREN  
RN is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age. This requirement is clearly posted during the registration process.

CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY  
From time to time RN may make changes to our Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make Listeners aware of what the changes are so Users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the Privacy Policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If, however, we are going to use Listeners' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on RN for 30 days. 

CONTACTING THE WEB SITE  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: privacy@reverbnation.com. Physical inquiries can be sent to:

eMinor, Inc.  
501 Washington St. Suite D  
Durham, NC 27701 USA
