> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reviewpakistan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131222152957id_/http%3A//reviewpakistan.com/ramz.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pakistan's largest Travel site with reviews on Restaurants, Cafes, Bars, Hotels & Entertainment - Privacy Policy

Our contact information is <http://reviewpakistan.com/sendmessage.php> or [social.gossip@yahoo.com](mailto:social.gossip@yahoo.com)

For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our forum, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. 

The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes and if you receive any emails and you think that you received it because you submitted it to us, inform us at <http://reviewpakistan.com/sendmessage.php> or [social.gossip@yahoo.com](mailto:social.gossip@yahoo.com) . 

**With respect to cookies:** We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. 

**With respect to ad servers:** To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. 

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically, we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. 

Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at the address provided above. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. 

**With respect to security:** We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.

We believes that trust is an important component of the service we provide to our visitors and subscribers. To ensure that we earn and keep that trust, We make every effort to protect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. This Privacy Policy is provided to inform you about we's collection, use and disclosure of information you choose to share with us through the Site. 

This Privacy Policy is considered to be a part of our's User Agreement. By using the sites you agree to the terms and conditions of the User Agreement, including this Privacy Policy. By using the site, you are also consenting to our's privacy practices, including the use and disclosure of any personally identifiable information that you have shared with us, as described in this Privacy Policy. 

We never rent, sell or share any information you give us. You privacy is important to us! When you visit the our site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This includes which pages are visited, types of form submitted, and any feedback from our visitors. We then collate this information with other pieces of information to improve our site and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient as possible. Information are provided to authorized institutions only in case of legal requirement by the law of land. 

**Third-Party Advertisers:** You acknowledge that we does not control the performance of advertisers that appear on our site. Therefore, if you choose to purchase a product or service, you release us from any and all claims you may have regarding the third party's failure to deliver or perform. We use other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. 

**Third Party Cookies:** In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser. 

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at <http://reviewpakistan.com/sendmessage.php> or [social.gossip@yahoo.com](mailto:social.gossip@yahoo.com)
