> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reviewfortune.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161127150609id_/http%3A//reviewfortune.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ReviewForTune

**Updated on 25th June 2016 [ If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact Review Fortune at**[ **contact@reviewfortune.com**](mailto:contact@reviewfortune.com)

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your use of the ReviewFortune.com Services only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which the ReviewFortune.com Services links, or to any other products or services offered by ReviewFortune.com other than on the ReviewFortune.com Services. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is hereby incorporated into, the ReviewFortune.com Services’ Terms and Conditions. You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by clicking here. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, including the Privacy Policy, in their entirety, please do not use any ReviewFortune.com Services.

What information does ReviewFortune.com collect about me as I use the ReviewFortune.com Services?  
ReviewFortune.com may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, telephone number, e-mail address information so that we or selected companies can provide you with the products and services you request. For example, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and certain other information in connection with certain features. ReviewFortune.com may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase, so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting. During the ordering process, such credit card information is transmitted either to ReviewFortune.com or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing. In both cases, credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order.

ReviewFortune.com may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the ReviewFortune.com Services, such as your browser configuration, the type of operating system you are using, and information about your Internet service provider.

How does ReviewFortune.com use the information supplied by me?  
We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services, to respond to your inquiries, and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you. If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from ReviewFortune.com and others, you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any email. If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, or information to be posted as a comment), we may publish your name, screen name or such other information you supply.

If you have indicated interest in receiving information directly from a selected outside company, we may provide such selected outside company with information that may include but not be limited to your name, telephone number, postal address and email address. If you decide that you do not wish to receive further communications from such selected outside company, you will need to so notify such selected outside company.

We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies to improve the design, delivery and content of our publications and the ReviewFortune.com Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience. We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate to analyze how visitors use the ReviewFortune.com Services, as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive.

In addition, ReviewFortune.com may disclose information we maintain (A) if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the ReviewFortune.com Services; or (4) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of our users or the public, or (B) in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale.

**How can I change my privacy options?**

If at some point after giving ReviewFortune.com your personally identifying information, you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from ReviewFortune.com about ReviewFortune.com, from ReviewFortune.com affiliates, or from selected outside companies, you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of each e-mail. If you purchased content appearing at www.reviewfortune.com or otherwise purchased products through the ReviewFortune.com Store, you can edit your ReviewFortune.com Store profile after you have logged into your account.

What are “cookies” and how does ReviewFortune.com use them?  
“Cookies” are pieces of information that are placed by the ReviewFortune.com Services in a storage place on your computer or mobile device. Cookies do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying. Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to calculate unique site visitors, and to track usage throughout our site. Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins. In addition, some advertisers or featured services providers may place cookies on your computer or mobile device. We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the ReviewFortune.com Services business, including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the ReviewFortune.com Services and deliver our service to you:  
We use the services of a third party marketing company, Omniture, to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the ReviewFortune.com Services. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at the ReviewFortune.com Services. This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. You can “opt-out” of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here: www.omniture.com/privacy/2o7#optout

We also use a third party advertising company, DoubleClick, to deliver ads to you when you visit the ReviewFortune.com Services. In the course of providing this service, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to the ReviewFortune.com Services, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information). If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by DoubleClick, please click here: www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.

**Integration with Facebook**

Portions of the ReviewFortune.com Services permit you to integrate such ReviewFortune.com Service with Facebook. Through such integration, ReviewFortune.com may receive personally identifiable information about you such as your name, profile picture, educational institutions you have attended and your major there, work information, fan pages, networks, current location, friends and similar personally identifiable information about your friends who are registered on Facebook (“Friends”). ReviewFortune.com may use this information to customize the services that we provide to you through the ReviewFortune.com services. By visiting a ReviewFortune.com Service, information that we receive from Facebook about you and your Friends may appear to you on the ReviewFortune.com Service. In addition, if you are listed as a Friend on Facebook of other users of ReviewFortune.com Services, your Facebook information may appear to those users on the ReviewFortune.com Service if they have chosen to integrate their use of U. S. News

**Services with Facebook  
**  
If you wish to opt out of sharing your Facebook information with ReviewFortune.com, you must update your Facebook privacy options on your Facebook privacy settings page at www.facebook.com/privacy/, or you can deactivate Facebook features on the ReviewFortune.com Service at Facebook.com/reviewfortune.com

**Children Under Age 13**

No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to ReviewFortune.com. In general, ReviewFortune.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection. In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe the ReviewFortune.com Services has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13, or If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact ReviewFortune.com through Contact Us page or email us at contact@reviewfortune.com
