> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the revlon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010413220952id_/http%3A//www.revlon.com/legalprivacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Revlon

I. General 

Revlon, Inc. and its affiliated companies (“Revlon”) respects the privacy of every individual who visits this Web site, www.revlon.com (the “Site”), and all other Web sites owned, operated or maintained directly or indirectly by Revlon, including, without limitation, almay.com, streetweargurlz.com and revloninc.com (the “Revlon Sites”). Revlon has created this statement (the “Privacy Policy”) to inform you of Revlon’s privacy practices and the terms and conditions under which data that we collect from you on the Revlon Sites will be used, shared and otherwise treated. This Privacy Policy will also instruct you on how you can verify the accuracy, and control certain uses, of the information you provide to us on the Revlon Sites. 

II. Collection and Use of Information 

Personally Identifiable Information 

When you visit the Revlon Sites, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information about yourself (“PII”) for certain purposes such as providing the service for which your information was requested, or enhancing your experience on the Revlon Sites (for a fuller description, see “Use of Your Information” below). PII may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number, and for online transactions, billing and shipping information, and credit card information. 

Providing PII to the Revlon Sites is on a strictly voluntary basis, however, if you opt not to provide the Revlon Sites with certain PII (See procedures in Article VI below (“Opt-Out”)), you may be unable to participate in certain promotions, receive product information, or buy products offered directly or indirectly through the Revlon Sites. 

You acknowledge and agree that your provision of Your Information to the Revlon Sites will be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and that Revlon may use Your Information for the purposes stated herein, including carrying out the purposes for which such information was collected, which purposes may include any activity that Revlon, directly or indirectly, engages in from time to time, whether by itself or through third parties, and the right to share your PII with third parties. Additionally, you agree that your PII may be shared with any third party and you acknowledge that such third party may not be governed by the same policies as the Revlon Sites. If you would rather us not share your PII with the any such third party, please do not submit information to the Revlon Sites or let us know by following the “Opt-Out” procedures set forth in Article VI below. Please note that if we receive your “Opt-Out” correspondence after having shared your PII with a third party or transferred or otherwise disposed of it, Revlon may not have any ability to control the use of such data by such third party, so you agree that Revlon will have no responsibility or liability whatsoever as a result of the use of such data by such third party or such transfer or disposition. Therefore, if you are concerned about Revlon sharing your PII with third parties or otherwise transferring or disposing your PII, you should consider not providing your PII to Revlon. 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information 

In some cases, you may be requested to provide the Revlon Sites with certain information about you that is not personally identifiable, such as your age, zip code, make-up preferences, shopping habits and other buying preferences, product and information preferences, and personal characteristics and other traits (“NPII”, and together, with your PII, “Your Information”). We may also collect certain information about your use of the Revlon Sites and other Web sites linked to the Revlon Sites, such as the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to the Revlon Sites. 

We may also use a technology known as “cookies” (or any other technology now existing or hereafter developed providing similar tracking benefits to Revlon) to help you travel through the Revlon Sites and other Web sites linked to the Revlon Sites more easily and to help us understand how you and others use the Revlon Sites and other Web sites linked to the Revlon Sites. Specifically, we may use cookies (or such other technology) to: i) customize your visitation and shopping experience on the Revlon Sites and other Web sites linked to the Revlon Sites; ii) provide you with custom-tailored content; iii) notify you of certain promotions, products and services that Revlon and other companies believe may be of interest to you; and iv) for any other purpose permitted under applicable law from time to time. Cookies are used by almost every Web site for these and similar purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You may, however, disallow reception of cookies at any time by resetting your web browser. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. 

Use of Your Information 

Revlon may store and process Your Information in order to carry out the purpose for which such information was provided, which purposes you acknowledge includes the general promotion, marketing, and advertising activities related to the products and services that Revlon (and other companies with which Revlon shares Your Information) makes available from time to time, as well as for purposes ancillary to such promotion, marketing and advertising activities and in connection with any other lawful activity that Revlon, directly or indirectly, engages in from time to time, whether by itself or through third parties. Further, you understand and agree that Revlon has the unrestricted right to use such data for any and all lawful purposes. 

When you register on one of the Revlon Sites, we may ask you to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone numbers, and other PII. This allows the Revlon Sites to maintain a user profile of each user so that we may customize preferences for each specific user, provide a faster method for Web visitors to submit information to Revlon (and receive back either the information or products desired by each such user), notify users about important functionality changes to the Revlon Sites and about new products and services offered by Revlon and special offers that we believe users will find to be valuable, as well as generally allow us to better know our users and possibly tailor any specific features, promotions or other notifications to them. 

Additionally, if you choose to make a purchase online or enter a contest, you may also be given the opportunity to receive additional information about Revlon (and other companies with which Revlon shares Your Personal Information) and other products and services that Revlon and such other companies have available from time to time. Certain services available on the Revlon Sites are provided by third parties and Revlon may provide Your Information to such third parties in order to deliver the requested service to you. For example, if you choose to purchase products or services from the Revlon Sites or Web sites linked to the Revlon Sites, Your Information provided in connection with such purchase may be made available to an authorized vendor to fulfill that order. Revlon may also enhance or merge Your Information with data obtained from third parties, which Revlon may use in pursuit of the broad purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. 

Revlon may also share Your Information with third parties that Revlon believes may be able to provide you with valuable product and service offers, based on Your Information. Additionally, in order to make the Revlon Sites more enjoyable for visitors, Revlon constantly strives to learn how users use the Revlon Sites and we may use the services of a third party, such as a data processor, for these purposes and you agree that Revlon may disclose Your Information to these third parties for these purposes. If you provide Your Information to the Revlon Sites in connection with a promotion with another Web site or entity, you agree that Your Information can be used for the broad purposes set forth throughout this Policy Statement, including, without limitation, the sharing of Your Information with such other Web site or entity. 

In addition to the foregoing circumstances, Your Information may be shared with employees, agents, and independent contractors of Revlon and/or with other third parties with whom Revlon does business from time to time in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for Revlon, for themselves or for any other lawful purpose. PII submitted to Revlon over the Revlon Sites in connection with employment inquiries will be used only by Revlon and its employees, agents, independent contractors and/or other third parties in your application process and as may be required under applicable laws. 

You also agree that Revlon may transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of or encumber Your Information, including without limitation, PII that you provide to the Revlon Sites, and other information concerning your use of the Revlon Sites, to third parties, at any time in Revlon’s discretion, including, without limitation, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of all or substantially of the assets, bankruptcy, reorganization or liquidation of Revlon or for any other reason whatsoever. You would not be entitled to any compensation arising from any such transfer, sale, assignment, disposition or encumbrance of Your Information. 

You may at any time tell us that you no longer want Revlon to share Your Information with third parties or that you no longer want to receive information on products and services by following the directions in the “Opt-Out” Section below. 

Public Forums 

From time to time you may be able to participate in certain activities on the Revlon Sites, such as chat rooms or bulletin boards, which will allow you the opportunity to communicate with Revlon or other users of the Revlon Sites. Unless otherwise noted, these activities are generally accessible to all users of the Revlon Sites and any information that you post or otherwise make available through these forums will be non-confidential and known to all other users. Accordingly, please exercise discretion when using these forums. You acknowledge and agree that Revlon does not review, censor, or in any manner control the content of these forums and consequently Revlon has no liability or responsibility whatsoever for information made available through these forums and that you will be liable to Revlon for any liability that we incur as a result of any statement made by you in these forums. Your use of these forums is also subject to [Revlon’s Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20010413220952id_/http%3A//www.revlon.com/legaluse.asp). 

III. Security 

Revlon makes no commitment to you that would require Revlon to implement safeguards to protect Your Information from loss, misuse or alteration and Revlon makes no representations or warranties that Your Information will not be lost, misused or altered. In addition, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and the Revlon Sites, and the Revlon Sites and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Users of the Revlon Sites use these sites at their own risk. 

In an attempt to enhance the experience of visiting the Revlon Sites, Revlon may choose to link the Revlon Sites to various third party Web sites. However, Revlon may have no control over the acts or omissions of these linked Web sites who each should have their own privacy policy and data collection practices, independent of Revlon and the Revlon Sites. Revlon has no liability or responsibility whatsoever for these linked Web sites or for their policies, practices and content. Revlon provides these links for the convenience of the visitors to the Revlon Sites and such visitors access these sites at their own risk. 

IV. Children 

Revlon is concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet. However, the Revlon Sites are neither directed nor targeted to children under 13 years old. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, Revlon has no intention to knowingly collect any PII (personally identifiable information, such as name, address, telephone number, age or email address) from individuals under the age of thirteen (13) years. If Revlon learns that a child under the age of 13 years has provided PII (personally identifiable information) to the Revlon Sites without verifiable parental consent, Revlon will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from its databases. We strongly encourage parents to monitor their children’s use of the Web and we will use our reasonable efforts to delete personally identifiable information that we have received from your under age 13 child from the Revlon Sites and our files as set forth above if you send us a request as provided under Article VI below. 

V. Contacting Us Regarding Your Personally Identifiable Information 

If you have previously submitted PII to Revlon through the Revlon Sites, and you would like to review, update, or have your PII information deleted from our databases, please contact us via e-mail at Webmaster@revlon.com, visit one of the Revlon Sites that has links to Webmaster@revlon.com, or send a letter to Consumer Affairs at Revlon, Inc., 1501 Williamsboro Street, Oxford, North Carolina 27565. Please note that we may share your PII with third parties, or otherwise transfer, sell, assign, dispose of or encumber your PII, prior to receiving your correspondence and we will not undertake any effort to cause such third parties with whom we have shared your PII or to whom we have transferred, sold, assigned, disposed of or encumbered your PII, to delete or update your PII, so if this concerns you, you should not share your PII with the Revlon Sites. 

VI. Opt-Out 

If you (i) do not want to receive information about Revlon, (ii) do not want Revlon to provide your PII to other Web sites or entities that may be able to offer you valuable products or services or to transfer, sell, assign, dispose of or encumber your PII or (iii) want Revlon to delete any of your PII that you have submitted to the Revlon Sites, please contact us via e-mail at Webmaster@revlon.com, visit one of the Revlon Sites that has links to Webmaster@revlon.com, or send a letter to Consumer Affairs at Revlon, Inc., 1501 Williamsboro Street, Oxford, North Carolina 27565. Because information submitted in connection with employment inquiries is used only in the application process and not for marketing purposes, the procedures outlined in this section are not available with respect to such information. 

Please note that once we receive your request, it may take up to 6-8 weeks to become effective (during which time we will continue to use your PII as outlined in this Privacy Policy). In addition, if you ask us to remove your PII from our database, we may, however, maintain your name of other PII in a “do not mail” file to help us ensure that we can honor your request. Also, if you do not want Revlon to share your PII with third parties, or transfer, assign, sell, dispose of or encumber your PII, you must inform us that you also want your PII deleted from our databases. Otherwise, we will continue to use your PII as outlined in this Privacy Policy. 

Additionally, please note that if we receive your email or other correspondence after having shared your PII with a third party, or after having transferred, sold, assigned, disposed of or encumbered your PII, Revlon may not have any ability to control the use of such data by such third party (and we undertake no obligation to do so), so you agree that Revlon will have no responsibility or liability whatsoever as a result of the use of such data by such third party. You also agree that Revlon shall have no responsibility, obligation or liability to you for sharing your PII with third parties or from transferring, selling, assigning, disposing of or encumbering your PII prior to Revlon’s implementing your “Opt-Out” notification. Therefore, if you are concerned about Revlon sharing your PII with third parties, or transferring, selling, assigning, disposing of or encumbering your PII, you should not provide such information to Revlon. 

VII. Acceptance Of These Terms; Consent to Processing 

By using the Revlon Sites, you agree to this Revlon Privacy Policy and the Revlon Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not so agree, please do not use the Revlon Sites. If Revlon changes this Revlon Privacy Policy or the Revlon Terms and Conditions of Use, your continued use of the Revlon Sites following the posting of such changes will signify your acceptance of those changes. By providing PII to Revlon, you fully and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of Your Information throughout the world, including, without limitation, in the United States and in other countries that may be considered as having less than adequate protection for your PII. 

VIII. Disclosure Pursuant to Law 

Revlon may disclose Your Information when required to do so under applicable law. 

IX. Inquiries 

Revlon welcomes your feedback, questions, comments and concerns regarding your use of the Revlon Sites and any third party Web sites linked to the Revlon Sites. Inquiries regarding the Revlon Sites may be made by contacting us via e-mail at Webmaster@revlon.com, visit one of the Revlon Sites that has links to Webmaster@revlon.com, or send a letter to Consumer Affairs at Revlon, Inc., 1501 Williamsboro Street, Oxford, North Carolina 27565. You can also send us your feedback on any third party sites linked to the Revlon Sites. 

X. Amendments To The Revlon Privacy Policy 

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE MAY CHANGE OUR PRIVACY POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME TO CONFORM TO CHANGES IN THE LAW OR FOR OTHER REASONS, WHICH WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO DO WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT AND SUCH REVISED POLICY WILL BE APPLICABLE TO ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US, WHETHER BEFORE OR AFTER SUCH CHANGE IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. ANY SUCH REVISED PRIVACY POLICY WILL BE POSTED ON THE REVLON SITES. 

**[Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20010413220952id_/http%3A//www.revlon.com/legaluse.asp)**
