> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the revolt.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625134133id_/http%3A//revolt.tv/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# REVOLT | Website Privacy Policy

    * **Privacy Policy**



This Privacy Policy explains Revolt TV's information collection practices at the Sites, such as the types of information Revolt TV collects regarding visitors to the Sites and how we may use that information. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the Sites' Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Sites  
**A. What Information Do The Sites Collect?**   
                       (i) **    Information You Provide To Us**  
**Personal Information and Demographic Information**. We may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as: (1) personal information, which is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally, such as your name, phone number, e-mail address, and physical address (" **Personal Information** "); and (2) demographic information, such as gender, zip code, or similar information (" **Demographic Information** "). We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Sites, including account registration forms, e-mail newsletter sign-ups, or when you submit information, communicate or otherwise interact with us. If we combine Demographic Information with the Personal Information we collect, we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.  
(ii)    **Information We Collect As You Access And Use The Sites**  
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to the Sites, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Sites (" **Usage Information** "). This Usage Information may include the browser you are using, the URL that referred you to our Sites, all of the areas within our Sites that you visit, other information about your electronic browsing and the time of day, among other information. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise improve the Sites. In addition, we collect your IP address or other unique identifier (" **Device Identifier** ") for your computer or other device used to access the Sites (any, a " **Device** "). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Sites, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Usage Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with you. Whenever we associate Usage Information or a Device Identifier with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information.  
A few of the methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include the following:  
**_Cookies_**. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plugin that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. Cookies and Flash Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. If you choose to disable cookies or Flash cookies on your Device, some features of the Sites may not function properly.  
**_Web Beacons_**. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs," "one pixel GIFs," or "clear GIFs") may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to make cookies more effective, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.  
**_Embedded Scripts_**. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.  
(iii)    **Information Third Parties Provide About You**  
We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you online with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from those sources with information we collect through the Sites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.  
The Sites include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Sites and your account on a third party web site. The use of this functionality may involve the third party web site providing certain information, including Personal Information, to the Sites. For example, when you register with the Sites, you may choose to use your Facebook, Google or other supported account from a third party site to facilitate the registration and login process on the Sites. If you choose to use this functionality, the third-party site may send Personal Information about you to the Sites, which we will then treat as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.  
In addition, Revolt TV may provide third party sites' API or links on the Sites to facilitate your sending a communication from the Sites. For example, Revolt TV may use third parties to facilitate emails, tweets or Facebook postings. These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications. Revolt TV may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties. You should review the third party's terms of use and privacy policies before engaging in their use.  
(iv)    **Information You Provide About A Third Party**  
If you send someone else a communication from the Sites, such as sending an article to a friend or information about a job opening, we use the information you provide (typically, names and e-mail addresses) on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and we do not use it for any other marketing purpose, unless we obtain consent from that person.  
**B.        How Do We Use The Information Collected?** Revolt TV may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive, including to send you electronic newsletters, or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties; (2) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Sites' features such as online entry sweepstakes and message boards; (3) to process your registration with the Sites, including verifying your e-mail address is active and valid; (4) to improve the Sites or our services, to customize your experience on the Sites, or to serve you specific content, including advertisements, that are most relevant to you; (5) to contact you with regard to your use of the Sites and, in our discretion, changes to the Sites and/or Sites' policies; (6) for internal business purposes; and (7) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.  
Please note that information submitted to the Sites via a "contact us" or other similar function may not receive a response. We will not use the information provided to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.  
**C.        How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?**   
(i)    **When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties.   **You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties. If you do agree (or do not decline) to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from third parties. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.  
(ii)    **Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf.** We may use third party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of the Sites, such as hosting the Sites, designing and/or operating the Sites' features, tracking Site analytics, ad serving, and enabling Revolt TV to send you e-mail newsletters or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to user information, including Personal Information, to carry out the services they are performing for you or for Revolt TV. While we may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Sites and viewing of our content. we do not share Personal Information with these  analytics service providers, but they may set and access their own cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have  access to information about you, including non-personally identifiable information.  
(iii)    **Co-branded Areas.** Certain areas of the Sites may be provided to you in association with third parties (" **Co-Branded Areas** ") and may require you to disclose Personal Information in order to register for and access products and/or services. Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party associates. If you elect to register for products and/or services at Co-Branded Areas you may be providing your information to both Revolt TV and the third party associates. Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Sites, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third party associates for that Co-Branded Area and will be subject to the posted privacy policies.  
(iv)    **Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.** We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a **"Promotion"** ) through the Sites that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.  
(v)    **Administrative and Legal Reasons.** We may transfer and disclose your information, including Personal Information, to third parties: (i) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required by law; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; (iii) to protect and/or defend the Sites' Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Sites; or (iv) to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any individual. We may also use IP address or other Device Identifiers to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.  
(vi)    **Business Transfer.** Revolt TV may share Personal Information with its subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons. Revolt TV also reserves the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Sites, including, without limitation, your Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Sites or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Revolt TV's stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.  
**D.        What About Information I Disclose Publicly?**   
(i)    **User Generated Content, Social Networking and Public Information.** The Sites may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, **"User Generated Content"** ). User Generated Content may be published online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed). Others may have access to this User Generated Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties across the Internet. Additionally, you may have the opportunity to engage in social networking through the Sites, such as creating a public profile, sharing User Generated Content, and inviting others to connect with you. Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User Generated Content or social networking activities. Please note that Revolt TV does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto the Sites. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive through the Sites.  
(ii)    **Name and Likeness.** We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Generated Content (or any portion of the content), and Revolt TV may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. For full terms and conditions regarding User Generated Content you submit to the Sites, please review our Terms of Use.  
**E.         Does Third Party Content And Links To Third Party Sites Appear on the Sites?**  The Sites may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect web site usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Sites are served to your browser. In addition, when you are on the Sites you may be directed to other sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third party sites. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Sites onto a different web site. These other web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. Revolt TV encourages you to note when you leave our Sites and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites before submitting any Personal Information to those sites.  
**F.          Are There Third Party Ads Served On The Sites?**  The Sites may use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on the Sites and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Sites and viewing of our content. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to the Sites and other web sites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. The Sites' third party ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies (including flash cookies), web beacons and other tracking technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier. These third party cookies (including flash cookies), web beacons and other tracking technologies are set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you. You acknowledge and agree that the Device Identifier may access and use your computer or device and may set or change settings on your computer or device in connection with the web sites’ operation. Note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. Third party cookies (including flash cookies) and web beacons are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. While we may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements on the Sites, you may wish to visit [www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp), which provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (" **NAI** ") members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members. This Privacy Policy does not cover the methods for collecting information used by these third party advertisers or the use of the information that such advertisers collect. We make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of third party network advertisers.  
**G.         How Do I Change My Information And Communications Preferences?**  You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of any Personal Information or other information that you provide to us on or through the Sites, and for correcting or updating any Personal Information or other information you have provided to us on or through the Sites. Should you wish to change any Personal Information or other information, please contact us at **contactus@revolt.tv**. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable after we receive them.  
**H.         What About Consent To Transfer Information To The United States?**  The Sites are operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or anywhere else outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including, without limitation, Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Sites or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.  
**I.           What Should Parents Know About Children?**  The Sites are general audience web sites and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen (13). We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen (13).  
**J.          What About Security?**  We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.  
**K.         What About Changes To The Privacy Policy?**  Revolt TV reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. However, Revolt TV will not use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected without your consent.

    * **_General Provisions_**



**A.         _Revolt TV’s Consent or Approval_.**  As to any provision in these Terms or any Additional Terms that grants Revolt TV a right of consent or approval, or permits Revolt TV to exercise a right in its “sole discretion,” Revolt TV may exercise that right in its sole and absolute discretion.  No Revolt TV consent or approval may be deemed to have been granted by Revolt TV without being in writing and signed by an officer of Revolt TV.    
**B.         _Applicable Law_**.  These Terms and any Additional Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with, and any Dispute and Excluded Dispute will be resolved in accordance with, the laws of California, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.  
**C.         _Indemnity_**.  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Revolt TV, its parent and subsidiary companies and divisions, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and costs) arising out of or accruing from (a) any material posted or otherwise provided by you (including without limitation User Content), or any other subscriber or user of your account that infringes any intellectual property right of any person or entity or defames any person or violates their rights of publicity or privacy, (b) any misrepresentation made by you in connection with your use of the online services; and (c) any breach of any of the representation, warranties or other terms or conditions relating to use of your User Content.   
**D.         _Operation of Service in The United States; Availability of Products and Services; International Issues_**.  Revolt TV controls and operates the Service from its U.S.-based offices in the U.S.A., and Revolt TV makes no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use beyond the U.S.A.  If you use the Service from other locations, you are doing so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws regarding your online conduct and acceptable content, if and to the extent local laws apply.  The Service may describe products and services that are available only in the U.S.A. (or only parts of it) and are not available worldwide.  We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Service and/or the provision of any content, program, product, service, or other feature described or available on the Service to any person, entity, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service, or other feature that we provide.  You and we disclaim any application to these Terms of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.  
**E.          _Export Controls_**.  Software related to or made available by the Service may be subject to export controls of the U.S.A.  No software from the Service may be downloaded, exported, or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any country or other jurisdiction to which the U.S.A. has embargoed goods, software, technology or services (which, as of the effective date of these Terms, includes Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, and Syria), or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders, or (iii) to anyone on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security Entities List as published in the Export Administration Regulations (including entities engaged in weapons of mass destruction proliferation in various countries and persons and entities that are suspected of diverting U.S. origin items to embargoed countries or terrorist end-uses).  You are responsible for complying with all trade regulations and laws both foreign and domestic.  Except as authorized by law, you agree and warrant not to export or re-export the software to any county, or to any person, entity, or end-user subject to U.S. export controls, including as set forth in subsections (i) – (iii) above.  
**F.          _Severability; Interpretation_**.  If any provision of these Terms, or any Additional Terms, is for any reason deemed invalid, unlawful, void, or unenforceable by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms or the Additional Terms, and the invalidity of the provision will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms or the Additional Terms (which will remain in full force and effect).  To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to waive, and you hereby waive, any applicable statutory and common law that may permit a contract to be construed against its drafter.  Wherever the word “including” is used in these Terms or any Additional Terms, the word will be deemed to mean “including, without limitation,”.  The summaries of provisions and section headings are provided for convenience only and shall not limit the full Terms.  
**G.         _Communications_**.  When you communicate with us electronically, such as via e-mail and text message, you consent to receive communications from us electronically.  Please note that we are not obligated to respond to inquiries that we receive.  You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.    
**H.         _Investigations; Cooperation with Law Enforcement; Termination; Survival_**.  Revolt TV reserves the right, without any limitation, to: (i) investigate any suspected breaches of its Service security or its information technology or other systems or networks, (ii) investigate any suspected breaches of these Terms and any Additional Terms, (iii) investigate any information obtained by Revolt TV in accordance with its **Privacy Policy** in connection with reviewing law enforcement databases or complying with criminal laws, (iv) involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating any of the foregoing matters, (v) prosecute violators of these Terms and any Additional Terms, and (vi) discontinue the Service, in whole or in part, or, except as may be expressly set forth in any Additional Terms, suspend or terminate your access to it, in whole or in part, including any user Accounts or registrations, at any time, without notice, for any reason and without any obligation to you or any third party.   Any suspension or termination will not affect your obligations to Revolt TV under these Terms or any Additional Terms.  Upon suspension or termination of your access to the Service, or upon notice from Revolt TV, all rights granted to you under these Terms or any Additional Terms will cease immediately, and you agree that you will immediately discontinue use of the Service.  The provisions of these Terms and any Additional Terms, which by their nature should survive your suspension or termination will survive, including the rights and licenses you grant to Revolt TV in these Terms, as well as the indemnities, releases, disclaimers, and limitations on liability and the provisions regarding jurisdiction, choice of law, no class action, and mandatory arbitration.  
**I.           _Assignment_**.  Revolt TV may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms and any Additional Terms, in whole or in part, to any party at any time without any notice.  These Terms and any Additional Terms may not be assigned by you, and you may not delegate your duties under them, without the prior written consent of an officer of Revolt TV.    
**J.          _No Waiver_**.  Except as expressly set forth in these Terms or any Additional Terms, (i) no failure or delay by you or Revolt TV in exercising any of rights, powers, or remedies under will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy, and (ii) no waiver or modification of any provision of these Terms or any Additional Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.    
**K.         _California Consumer Rights_**.   
Residents of California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at: 400 R St., Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254.  Their website is located at: http://www.dca.ca.gov.  
**L.          _Connectivity_**.  You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all Devices and other equipment and software, and all internet service provider, mobile service, and other services needed for your access to and use of the Service and you will be responsible for all charges related to them.  
**_©2013 Revolt TV._** _All Rights Reserved._

You are using an **outdated** browser. Please [upgrade your browser](http://browsehappy.com/) to improve your experience.
