> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the revolvermaps.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217225537id_/http%3A//www.revolvermaps.com/%3Ftarget%3Dlegal%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal | RevolverMaps - Free 3D Visitor Maps

## Imprint

All contents of revolvermaps.com (with the exception of the map images taken from the NASA Visible Earth Blue Marble collection) are developed, maintained, published and copyrighted by

**Karma Implementor**  
c/o:  
Daniel Seifert  
Straße der Nationen 12  
09111 Chemnitz  
Germany 

VAT ID: DE276668009 

mail: [contact@revolvermaps.com](mailto:contact@revolvermaps.com)  
web: [www.ki-e.biz](http://www.ki-e.biz/)  
phone: +49 371 233 80 316 

## Terms of Service

By using the revolvermaps.com website you agree to the following terms and conditions: 

Karma Implementor reserves the right to update and change the terms of service at any time without notice. Any new features that alter the current service will be subject to the terms of service. Your continued use of the service implies your consent to such changes. 

### Basic Terms

  * You must be at least 13 years of age to use this Service. 
  * You must be a human being. Accounts basing on automated methods like robots are not permitted. 
  * revolvermaps.com may not be used for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. By using this service you must not violate any laws in your jurisdiction. 
  * The RevolverMaps Service may not be used on websites providing illegal or racist content. 
  * Your map must be clearly visibile on your site. You must not alter the code that is generated by revolvermaps.com and embeds your map into your website. 
  * You may not abuse, harass, threaten or intimidate other users of this service. 



### Modifications of the Service

  * Karma Implementor reserves the right to modify or terminate the service temporarily or permanently without notice. 



### General Conditions

  * Karma Implementor reserves the right to alter or delete any part of this service (including your account) at any time with or without notice. 
  * Your account can be deleted without notice if it causes too much traffic. 
  * You can let anyone know about the free service and the map on your site. 
  * Your use of the service is at your sole risk and all liability becomes yours from the usage. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. 
  * You must not modify, adapt, hack, duplicate, reproduce, copy, sell, resell, redistribute or exploit any part of the service. 
  * Karma Implementor offers no warranty that the service will be free of errors and secure and offers furthermore no warranty for correctness and reliability of the results obtained from the use of the service. 



## Privacy Policy

This privacy policy has been created by Karma Implementor in order to demonstrate the commitment of the company (Karma Implementor) to protecting the privacy of users of this website as well as the widget service. This paper explains how and for what reason information of users of this website/widgetservice is collected, published and utilized. 

  1. ### General

No data is shared with third parties. 
  2. ### Information collection (website)

The information under (2) apply only to the use of the website. Please find privacy information about the web service under (3). 

If someone requests a file from revolvermaps.com (usually by visiting www.revolvermaps.com with a web browser) no more information is collected than is typically expected to be collected by a website (IP address, referer, browser information, OS information). This logged information will be used by Karma Implementor for debugging purposes, internal statistics, quality assurance but will not be published except of being hacked and/or stolen.

_Cookies/Web Beacons:_  
A cookie is a small amount of data stored on the clients hard drive containing information about the client but no personal information about the user. Cookies are used to keep user information during a session for instance. Most wellknown browsers support cookies and provide options to disable the cookie service. 

www.revolvermaps.com uses HTTP-cookies to ensure an advanced usability of the website. Therefore cookies are just utilized at client side. No information from cookies is collected and stored at the server. 

_DOM Storage:_  
DOM storage is an enhanced method used for storing data in a web browser. In constrast to HTTP cookies data from DOM storage is not submitted with the HTTP request header. In addition this technology provides a higher capacity than cookies. 

Revolvermaps.com uses DOM storage to keep more complex user preferences on client side. 

Every wellknown browser provides the option to clear all persistent data. Normally DOM storage is cleared together with cookies. 

Revolvermaps.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit certain revolvermaps.com webpages. These companies, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to a revolvermaps.com webpage. In addition, Google uses the DoubleClick cookie which enables Google and it's partners to serve ads based on your prior visits to other sites on the internet too. You can opt out the use of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/). You can opt out Google's and third party vendor's use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/). If you would like more information about the practices of the advertising companies and your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

  3. ### Widget Service and public statistics:

In order to utilize the widget service no personal user information will be required. In general the usage of the widget on a website is attached to the public statistics presentation at www.revolvermaps.com providing the following information in realtime: an estimated country and region information derived from the IP address of the user opening the website containing the widget. The service does neither store nor publish any IP addresses. The widget service does not make use of HTTP-cookies.



last update: August 17, 2014 

RevolverMaps are customizable visitor map widgets combined with a live statistics function. The easy setup makes the free service available for private and professional webmasters, webdesigners, bloggers, social networkers...  
© 2008 - 2014 Karma Implementor. All Rights Reserved.
