> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the revouninstallerpro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161031080138id_/http%3A//www.revouninstallerpro.com/revo_uninstaller_privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Revo Uninstaller Pro - Privacy Policy

### We respect your privacy online

**VS Revo Group** respects your privacy. We are particularly sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and therefore we provide this Privacy Policy so you know about our online information practices and understand how we treat the information we receive about you from the Internet. We take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of our users throughout their visiting experience.

### What information is collected

For the most part, you can browse our Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We are, however, able to determine your IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, to measure the use of our Web site and to improve the content of our Web site. In short we use your IP to gather aggregate demographic information. There are a few places where we give you an opportunity to provide us your personal information. This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. When you engage in certain activities on our web site, such as ordering a product, sending us feedback, requesting catalogs, samples, or registering online, we may ask you to provide certain information. If you choose to share any personal information with us, you will see that the amount and type of personal information we request depend on how you use our Web site. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. When ordering products on our web site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.

### Use of Cookies

This website uses cookies to improve the users experience while visiting the website. Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the users interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through it's server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it's external serving vendors. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.

### How your information is used 

We may use your personal information for particular purposes such as processing your order or for marketing research and other marketing purposes and for providing you with the latest product and promotional information and other information that might be useful to you. We may use your personal information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We will not give or sell this information to any other company for its use in marketing or solicitation.

### Your Choice on Collection and Use of Your Information

We may, from time to time, send you mailings regarding our products and services. We will send you these mailings only if you indicated that you do not object to these offers. If you do not wish to receive further information from **VS Revo Group** you can send us an e-mail [contact@vsrevogroup.com](mailto:contact@vsrevogroup.com) and tell us that you do not want to receive future communications. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed, however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on our web site. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.

**NOTE:** By using this Web site you are agreeing to the terms of the **VS Revo Group** Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy as business needs require. We will post such changes on our Web site.
