> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the revouninstaller.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080615144004id_/http%3A//www.revouninstaller.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Revo Uninstaller - Privacy and Policy

**We respect your privacy online**

**VS Revo Group** respects your privacy. We are particularly sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and therefore we provide this Privacy Policy so you know about our online information practices and understand how we treat the information we receive about you from the Internet. 

**What information is collected**  
For the most part, you can browse our Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We are, however, able to determine your IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, to measure the use of our Web site and to improve the content of our Web site. In short we use your IP to gather aggregate demographic information. There are a few places where we give you an opportunity to provide us your personal information. This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. When you engage in certain activities on our web site, such as ordering a product, sending us feedback, requesting catalogs, samples, or registering online, we may ask you to provide certain information. If you choose to share any personal information with us, you will see that the amount and type of personal information we request depend on how you use our Web site. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. When ordering products on our web site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.

**How your information is used**  
We may use your personal information for particular purposes such as processing your order or for marketing research and other marketing purposes and for providing you with the latest product and promotional information and other information that might be useful to you. We may use your personal information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We will not give or sell this information to any other company for its use in marketing or solicitation.

**Your Choice on Collection and Use of Your Information**  
We may, from time to time, send you mailings regarding our products and services. We will send you these mailings only if you indicated that you do not object to these offers. If you do not wish to receive further information from VS Revo Group you can send us an e-mail [contact@vsrevogroup.com](mailto:contact@vsrevogroup.com) and tell us that you do not want to receive future communications. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed, however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on our web site. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups. 
