> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nydailynews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231133352id_/http%3A//www.nydailynews.com/services/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - NY Daily News

### PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for NYDailyNews.com and any other affiliated sites, digital services, or applications on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears (collectively, the “Daily News Services”). This Privacy Policy governs the use and collection of information collected from you on the Daily News Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information you may provide to us offline or through any means other than the Daily News Services, other than as specifically identified below. For example, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you may have provided when obtaining a home delivery subscription offline or when entering a sweepstakes by mail, fax or email. As used herein, “we,” “us” and “our” refers to Daily News, L.P.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices. In addition, please review our [Terms of Service](http://www.nydailynews.com/services/terms-services), which also govern your use of the Daily News Services and which incorporate this Privacy Policy by reference.

This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time and from time to time; the date of the most recent revision will appear on this page so check back periodically. You agree that your use of the Daily News Services is subject to this Privacy Policy as then in effect. Continued access to the Daily News Services by you following any modification in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as modified. _If you do not agree to be bound by all of the terms set forth below, do not use any Daily News Services._

### I. What Information Is Collected?

#### A. Personally Identifying Information

To take advantage of certain optional features or functions of the Daily News Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifying information. Personally identifying information is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your full name, address, or email address), and which we may refer to here as “PII”. For example, you may be asked to supply your name and email address if you complete the optional registration process for the Daily News Services, if you participate in a sweepstakes or contest on the Daily News Services, or if you purchase a classified ad using our online ad placement service. You can choose not to provide such information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some features of the Daily News Services. We do not automatically collect any PII from visitors to the Daily News Services. After creating a profile on NYDailyNews.com, if you wish to change any of your profile information, you may do so by clicking the “My Profile” link when you are logged in and then edit your contact information.

_Children Under the Age of 13._ We do not knowingly collect or solicit PII from or about children under the age of 13. By submitting any PII, you certify that you are at least 13 years of age. If we discover that we have received any information from or about a child under 13 in violation of this statement, we will delete that information. If you believe that we have collected PII from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at the address provided in the “QUESTIONS” section below.

#### B. Non-Personally Identifying Information

_Cookies._ Like many website operators, we sometimes make use of browser “cookies.” A “cookie” is a small piece of information that we use to assign each visitor’s computer a unique, random numerical identification code that resides in a designated file on your computer. Our cookies do not automatically collect PII. We may use information collected from cookies to recognize your browser when you visit the Daily News Services, to facilitate easy login, to attempt to personalize the Daily News Services for each user, to ensure that your browser does or does not see the same ad over and over again, to sequence ads and offers in a series and to track page usage and paths, to help serve advertisements, or to facilitate your ability to navigate the Daily News Services. We may link the cookie to PII you submit or other information we collect. Separately, third party companies that serve advertisements on the Daily News Services may use cookies and other tracking information, as further detailed below, to collect information about your visits to this Daily News Service and other websites. To learn more information about the practices of these third party advertising companies, click [here.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement)

You can configure your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set by choosing this option in the preferences or menu options in your browser. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain optional features or functions of the Daily News Services. 

_Log Files._ Like most websites, we use tracking programs that collect information about log files, including browser types, Internet service providers (ISPs), referring/exit pages, platform types, date/time stamps, number of clicks, and Internet protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet, which web servers use to identify where to send the information your computer requests. We may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners, or to audit the use of the Daily News Services. We may disclose such non-personally identifying information, such as aggregated statistics, to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services, marketing, and improving the experiences of visitors to the Daily News Services. The information that we collect regarding log files is not linked to PII.

_Web Beacons/Web Bugs (Clear GIFs/ Single-Pixel GIFs)._ A web beacon allows the party that set the web beacon to monitor and collect certain limited information about the movements of online web users. No PII is collected through web beacons or web bugs. Advertisers on the Daily News Services may elect to use third party advertising companies to serve ads on the Daily News Services, and they may use such web beacons to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement, in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. Advertisers may also place a web beacon to allow them to recognize an existing cookie on your browser if from the same service. We do not control web beacons used by such third parties. 

### II. How is the Information Collected Used, and How Can I Opt Out?

#### A. Personally Identifying Information.

_Authorized Purposes and Special Offers._ PII that you voluntarily submit may be used for the purposes authorized when it was submitted. For example, if you submit PII to request services or content, such as a newsletter, the information that you submit may be used to fulfill your request. You may pick and choose which email newsletters you wish to receive (including not to receive any email newsletters) by clicking the “unsubscribe “ link included on the bottom of every email newsletter you receive from us. In addition, we, our advertisers, or third parties selected by us may send you special offers and information. If you do not wish to receive such special offers and information sent by email, you may follow the instructions for unsubscribing included within any of such special offers or informational emails.

_Administrative Purposes._ We may use PII you submit to contact you for internal administrative purposes such as site administration, troubleshooting, or processing of e-commerce transactions, or relating to your use of the Daily News Services or content you post on the Daily News Services, or in our discretion to notify you of major changes to the Daily News Services or this Privacy Policy.

_Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions._ If you win a sweepstakes or contest, your PII may be disclosed on a winners list as required by law. In addition, by entering a contest or sweepstakes on the Daily News Services, you consent to the use of your PII by us and our service providers providing services in connection with such sweepstakes or contest for purposes of prize fulfillment and/or for marketing, such as to notify you of a product or promotion that may be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to receive emails about products or promotions that may be of interest to you, you can always opt out of receiving further information by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link included in such emails. Please note that, if you provide your PII in order to enter one of our sweepstakes, contests or online offers, you may still receive information about the specific sweepstakes, contest or online offer you entered in order for us to fulfill your request or conduct such contest, but you will not receive such other emails about products or promotions if you opt to unsubscribe.

_Service Providers and Third Parties._ PII may be shared with third parties as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your information. Third parties that provide support for the operation of the Daily News Services or features thereof may also have access to such information. We may also share PII we have about our users with third parties so that the third parties can send you information and special offers, unless you choose to opt out from such sharing by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link included in such emails. We may also combine information about our subscribers with PII you submit on the Daily News Services. We may also share your PII with third parties to accomplish the purposes for which it was submitted. For example, if you use the Daily News Services to sign up for home delivery of the print edition of the _Daily News_ , your contact information, including your address, may be shared with a third- party home delivery carrier. In all cases, however, we will use the information only as permitted by law.

#### B. Non-Personally Identifying Information

_Facilitating Use of the Daily News Services and Customizing Content, Advertising and Offers._ We may use information collected from cookies and other tracking technology to recognize your browser when you visit the Daily News Services and to attempt to personalize the Daily News Services for each user, to sequence ads and offers in a series, and to track page usage and paths. We may also use collected information to allow editorial content and/or advertising on the Daily News Services to be targeted to groups of users for whom it is most pertinent. This means that users see editorial content and/or advertising most likely to interest them. In connection with these uses, we may disclose information to third parties. 

_Third Party Advertisements._ We also use third party companies to serve advertisements on the Daily News Services. These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to the Daily News Services and other websites, so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads, to track page usage and paths followed during visits, and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage. These companies may provide this data to us.

To deliver our services, we collect, organize, and use non-personal information reflecting your interactions with a variety of websites and applications. This information includes, for example, items such as the date and time of visits to a website, browser information, IP address, browsing behavior, mobile device identifiers, information about use of mobile applications, and the geographic location of a device. We may also collect, organize, and use other non-personal information you voluntarily provide, such as your age and gender. We may also supplement the information we collect with additional non-personal or de-identified information we obtain from other companies. We analyze this non-personal information and organize it into user groups and audiences, based on factors such as age, gender, geography, interests and online actions. We and our partners then use these user groups and audiences, along with information about the possible relationships among different browsers and devices, to design and deliver customized advertising campaigns or other relevant content. This is called Interest-Based Advertising. We also use this data for other related purposes (for example, to do research regarding the results of online advertising campaigns or to better understand the interests or activities of website visitors).

In addition, to improve your ad experience on the Daily News Services and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send anonymous information to our advertising partners based on your browser’s activities, such as the type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Advertising partners may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display.

For more information on these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used, please refer to the following resources:

  * You can opt-out of the collection of data across unaffiliated sites over time for Interest- Based Advertising and other purposes from companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice Page at [www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices) and from members of the Network Advertising Initiative via [www.networkadvertising.org/choices](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices).
  * For those in Europe, you can opt-out via the IAB Europe’s industry opt-out at [www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/).
  * To opt-out of the collection and use of your information for Interest-Based Advertising through the Lotame DMP and Lotame Data Solutions on your browser (including a mobile browser if third-party cookies are enabled in your browser), you can click [here](http://www.lotame.com/opt-out-preference-manager/) and follow the instructions provided.
  * To opt-out of the collection and use of your information for Interest-Based Advertising by Yahoo!, you can [click here](https://aim.yahoo.com/aim/us/en/optout/index.htm) and follow the instructions provided.
  * You may be able to set “ad limit tracking” on various iOS devices, [please click here to learn more](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074).
  * You may be able to opt-out of interest-based ads on Android via your device settings: open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising”.



Note that, after choosing to opt-out via any of the methods above, if you use a different device or a different browser, or if you delete browser cookies, you may need to repeat the opt-out steps for that particular device or browser. In addition, if you block cookies on your browser or if third-party cookies are blocked by default, the opt-out tools above may not function. If you opt- out of the use of your information for Interest-Based Advertising, data may still be collected and used for other purposes including analytics and research. Should you elect to opt-out, you will still receive ads, but these ads may be less relevant to your interests.

_Statistical Analysis._ We may use collected information to create aggregate statistics about activity on and visitors to the Daily News Services, including the number of return visits to the Daily News Services or our advertisers’ websites, the number of unique visitors that have viewed or “clicked” a particular ad or visited a particular web page and how much time is spent on each page of the Daily News Services. We may also create aggregate demographic statistics. We may use these aggregate statistics to measure interest in various areas of the Daily News Services, to better design the Daily News Services and to improve our marketing strategy and product offerings. We may share the aggregate statistical information with third parties. We also use third parties to assist us with collecting and using these aggregate statistics. Click [here ](http://www.nielsen-online.com/privacy.jsp?section=leg_scs) to learn more information about how we use a third party service with cookies (flash and non-flash) and web beacons to collect and use information on the Daily News Services.

#### Disclosures Required by Law.

As described above, certain uses of collected information may involve disclosure to third parties. In addition, we may disclose collected information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or when doing so is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with the law or legal process; (2) respond to any claims; (3) protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Daily News, L.P. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as our customers, users or the public; or (4) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Daily News Services. In addition, collected information may be disclosed as part of any bankruptcy, merger, sale, transfer of company assets or acquisition.

### III. Third Party Sites and Content

During your visit to the Daily News Services you may view as part of a frame that includes our content, certain content and websites that are actually created, operated, owned and/or hosted by a third party or third parties. You may also see links on the Daily News Services to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII. In addition, certain sections of the Daily News Services may have their own, specialized privacy policies, for example because they are part of a social network or hosted by a third party. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those sections and/or of such social networks.

### IV. Is My Information Protected?

We use reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. As effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that information that you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us. PII may also be stored on computers of third parties that provide technical support for the operation of the Daily News Services or who otherwise have access to your PII as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We do not control the security measures used by such third parties.

### V. California Residents

Users of the Daily News Services who are California residents and who have provided PII to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [webmaster@nydailynews.com](mailto:webmaster@nydailynews.com) with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the message.

## Questions.

If you have any more questions, please email us at [webmaster@nydailynews.com](mailto:webmaster@nydailynews.com) or write to:  
Webmaster  
New York Daily News Online  
Daily News, L.P.  
4 New York Plaza  
New York, NY 10004

**Last Updated on November 25, 2015**
