> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the a2armory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130309201301id_/http%3A//www.a2armory.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# A Squared Armory Privacy Policy Online

_This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information._

**A Squared Armory Privacy Statement**

This confirms that A Squared Armory is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for A Squared Armory.

TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, this web site has agreed to notify you of:

1\. What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site. 2. The organization collecting the information. 3. How the information is used. 4. With whom the information may be shared. 5. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. 6. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under A Squared Armory's control. 7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. 8. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us by email at [ customerservice@a2armory.com](mailto:customerservice@a2armory.com). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at http://www.truste.org. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns. A Squared Armory wholeheartedly respects your privacy. The sole owner of all personal information collected at this site is A Squared Armory, and A Squared Armory will NEVER rent or sell your personal information to any third party. The information collected and stored by A Squared Armory includes your name, address, telephone number, and email address. While your credit card information is collected at the time of purchase, it is sent directly to Verisign's secure servers, and that is where it is safely held. Because A Squared Armory collects personal information through a secure server that features the latest encryption technology, you can be assured that none of your information will be viewed by anyone outside of A Squared Armory and Verisign (please see the A Squared Armory 100% Secure Shopping Guarantee for more information).

The information you provide to A Squared Armory is used to process your order. You can request to be removed from our list by simply emailing us at [ customerservice@a2armory.com](mailto:customerservice@a2armory.com). You may also update or change the personal information A Sqaured Armory has collected by sending an email to [ customerservice@a2armory.com](mailto:customerservice@a2armory.com). Should there be any changes to A Squared Armory's Privacy Guarantee, relevant changes will be posted to this portion of the site.

**A SQUARED ARMORY 100% SECURE SHOPPING GUARANTEE**

At A Squared Armory, we realize that shopping online can feel a bit risky. However, the truth of the matter is that advances in secure server technology have made shopping at A Squared Armory just as safe as using your credit card to shop around town or over the phone. Our goal is for you to feel as comfortable using your credit card at A Squared Armory as you do everywhere else that you shop. To that end, A Squared Armory has partnered with Verisign for all online credit card transactions.

Verisign, the leading provider of digital trust services, has been processing credit cards securely over the Internet since 1995 and currently provides secure payment services for more than 60,000 online merchants. Verisign's internet payment gateway supports the Internet's strongest security technologies, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology with 128-bit encryption. These encryption technologies work with Netscape Navigator (versions 2.0 and above), Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 3.0 and above), and AOL (AOL 3.0 and above). All financial information submitted on A Squared Armory's site is encrypted and digitally signed as it travels over the Internet using Verisign's industrial-strength combination of DES encryption and RSA public key technology.

Verisign transactions are protected by the highest levels of security available and ensure complete and total privacy for A Squared Armory's online customers. Using your credit card affords you the added advantage of knowing that, in the event that there is a problem with your purchase, the credit card company will remove the purchase from your bill and A Squared Armory will not be paid. Furthermore, in the extremely unlikely event that shopping at A Squared Armory leads to an unauthorized use of your credit card, most financial institutions either cover all of the resultant charges or limit your liability to $50 (refer to the Fair Credit Billing Act or your credit card agreement for further details). Should the bank not cover this additional $50 liability, A Squared Armory will cover it, provided that the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted from an error on the part of A Squared Armory as a result of purchases made on A Squared Armory through the secure server, and through no fault of your own. In short, using your credit card at A Squared Armory is absolutely safe - we guarantee it.

**NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN**  
A Squared Armory does not knowingly collect any personal information from children or sell to children under the age of 18.

**WHAT IF I DON'T LIKE IT?**  
Returns are gladly accepted for 30 days less shipping & handling and are subject to a 25% restocking fee.  Please see our **[Return Policy Page](http://www.a2armory.com/returnpolicy.html)** for return instructions.
