> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myrefers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201195808id_/http%3A//www.myrefers.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyRefers - Privacy Policy

This document is a written agreement and an electronic record and valid and enforceable electronic agreement / contract under Information Technology Act, 2000 (as applicable in Republic of India) and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes under applicable Indian laws. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. Your usage of the Website shall be your deemed acceptance of this Privacy Policy and all the modifications and updates thereto. Your privacy is very important to us. We do not publish, sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent which includes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR WEBSITE.   
This Privacy Policy covers the information Creative Living Solutions Private Limited ("Platform" and/or "We") collects from the user(s) of, whether or not registered with ("User(s)" and/or "You"), [www.myrefers.com](http://www.myrefers.com/) ("Website" including any successor website and includes the Services – the term as defined in the Terms of Use). This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction and together with the Terms of Use (which is sometimes herein referred to as “[User Agreement](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201195808id_/http%3A//www.myrefers.com/TermsOfUse.aspx)”) of the Website available on [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201195808id_/http%3A//www.myrefers.com/TermsOfUse.aspx).

Nature of Information collected by us:  
During your registration or usage of the Website you may provide and/or we may access, capture or store various sensitive personal information, personal information or general information or data with respect to your activities or usage on the Website to provide better, more customized services updates, better ads, and more valuable career opportunities. We may install cookies or other similar data collection software in your computer system for such purpose and you hereby consent to the same.  
We collect your personal information in the following ways:   
Registration  
a. Email  
b. Password(s) - Like other passwords, you should choose one that is known only by you  
c. Name

You acknowledge that this information is personal to you and by creating an account on MyRefers you allow others, including MyRefers, to identify you and to allow MyRefers to use your information in accordance with our Terms of Use.  
If you have any hesitation about providing information to us and/or having your information displayed on the MyRefers website or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, you should not become a member of the MyRefers community; and, if you are already a member, you should immediately close your account.

Profile Information  
a. Date of birth   
d. Gender  
e. Address  
f. Marital Status  
g. Contact Details i.e. mobile number or other telecommunication number  
h. Professional Summary   
i. Education  
j. Experience  
k. Skills & Expertise

Providing the aforesaid additional information about yourself beyond what is minimally required at registration is entirely up to you, but providing additional information enables you to derive more benefit from MyRefers and your professional network by helping you build your professional identity and leverage your professional network and facilitating your search for professional resources, information, and new opportunities. Any information you provide at registration or in the Profile section may be used by MyRefers as described in the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy, including for the purpose of allowing professional opportunities to find you on MyRefers, or for serving more relevant advertisements on MyRefers. If you decide not to share certain information, you may not receive the full benefit of being a MyRefers User.

Connections Information  
In order to connect with others on MyRefers, you may use the Services to send invitations either to their MyRefers profiles (or their fb/twitter/linked in connects) or email addresses of people you know if they have not registered with MyRefers. The names and email addresses of people whom you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow MyRefers to help expand your network. Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another user, that user will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation. Your MyRefers connections will also have access to your email address. You should not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you.   
You may also choose to manually enter or upload data about your contacts to the “Connections” section of your account on MyRefers. Information entered here is only viewable by you. By providing email addresses or other information of non-users to MyRefers, you represent that you have authority to do so. All information that you enter or upload about your contacts is covered by the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy and will enable us to provide customized services.

Customer Service  
We collect information when you interact with MyRefers’s customer service website in order to accurately categorize and respond to customer inquiries and investigate breaches of our terms. Using the MyRefers Site and Applications We receive information when you interact with and use the MyRefers website, MyRefers Applications (e.g. MyRefers for iPhone, Android, etc.), and MyRefers platform technology, if any. For example, we know when you click on ads, upload your address book, join groups, participate in polls, install a MyRefers mobile application etc.

Using Third Party Services and Visiting Third Party Sites  
We receive information when you use your MyRefers account to log in or authenticate to a third-party website or application. Also, if you are logged into MyRefers and visit a third party site that embeds MyRefers professional plugins, MyRefers will receive information that those pages have loaded in your web browser. MyRefers will use this information to personalize the MyRefers-provided functionality, including providing you insights from your MyRefers network, allowing you to share information with your network, enabling you to use MyRefers functionality off the MyRefers site and serving you more relevant advertising. Users wishing to disable this personalization may opt-out of this feature. 

Log files, IP Addresses and information about your computer and mobile device  
Due to the communications standards on the internet, when you visit the MyRefers website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave MyRefers. Additionally, advertisers receive the URL of the page you were on when you click on an ad on MyRefers. MyRefers also receives the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, your mobile device (including your UDID) and mobile operating system (if you are accessing MyRefers using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. MyRefers may also receive location data passed to it from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have enabled. The link between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties without your permission

Sharing Information with Third Parties  
MyRefers takes the privacy of our Users very seriously, and we do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as described in this policy. We will also not share other personal information not published to your profile or generated through engagement with other MyRefers services (Groups, Answers, Company Pages, etc.) without your explicit consent or to carry out your instructions (for example, to process payment information) unless, disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinion to: (1) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, whether or not the third party is a user of MyRefers, individual, or government agency; (2) respond to customer service inquiries; or (3) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of MyRefers, our users or the public.   
We may provide aggregated anonymous data about the usage of the Services to third parties for purposes that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be appropriate, including to prospective advertisers on MyRefers or future investment in MyRefers.

Polls and Surveys  
Polls and Surveys may be conducted by MyRefers, MyRefers users or third parties. As a User, you may be invited to participate in polls and surveys from the MyRefers website. Your selection may be random, or it may be based on your non-personally identifiable information, such as job title, geography, company size and/or industry. Whether or not you decide to participate in a poll or survey is completely up to you.   
After you complete a poll, you will be given access to the aggregate responses of the poll on a results page. Some third parties may target advertisements to you on the results page based on your answers in the poll. Further, MyRefers or third parties may follow up with you via mail regarding your participation unless you have opted out of receiving mail messages.   
We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls. If the delivery of incentives requires your contact information, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information to the third party fulfilling the incentive offer, which will only be used for the purpose of delivering incentives and/or verifying your contact information. It is up to you whether you provide this information, or whether you desire to take advantage of an incentive.   
We will not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third parties in connection with the conduct of any polls or surveys. 

Accessing and Changing Your Account Information  
You can review the personal information you provided to us and make any desired changes to the information you publish, or to the settings for your MyRefers account including your email and contact preferences, at any time by logging in to your account on the MyRefers website. Please be aware that even after your request for a change is processed, MyRefers may, for a time, retain residual information about you in its backup and/or archival copies of its database.

You shall provide correct and updated information:   
You represent to us that the information or data you provide to us on the Website from time to time is and shall be correct, current and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consents to provide such information or data to us. Your providing the information or data to us and our consequent storage, collection, usage, transfer, access or processing of the same shall not be in violation of any third party agreement, laws, charter documents, judgments, orders and decrees. 

Information for which we are not responsible  
While using the Website you may provide sensitive personal information, personal information or other general information about yourself or in connection with yourself to third parties or generally post on the Website. The Website may have webpages, cookies, files, software, data or other information or communication links that are originated, created or posted by third parties (including advertisers, content or other partners or users) that can or has the capabilities of collecting, storing or using your data / information. We are not responsible for such data or information collected, stored or used by third parties even if such third parties uses the Website to collect, store or use such data or information. Cookies Like most websites, we use cookies and web log files to track site usage and trends, to improve the quality of our service, to customize your experience on MyRefers, as well as to deliver MyRefers and third-party advertising to Users both on and off the MyRefers site. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us to recognize you as a User when you return to the MyRefers website using the same computer and web browser. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases doing so may impact your ability to use MyRefers. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing the Services to our Users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Any information provided to third parties through cookies will not be personally identifiable but may provide general segment information (e.g., your industry or geography, career field, or information about your professional or educational background) for the enhancement of your user experience by providing more relevant advertising. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. MyRefers does not store unencrypted personally identifiable information in the cookies. 

How we protect your information:  
We use reasonable security measures, at the minimum those mandated under Information Technology Act, 2000 as amended and read with Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, to safeguard and protect your data and information. However, you may note that we may collect, store and process your information or data in computer resource, computer system or computer network which may not be owned or controlled by us and may be situated outside of Republic of India. You acknowledge that governmental or law enforcement authorities in the countries where your data or information is stored may have right to decrypt, collect, monitor or access to your data or information which actions are completely out of our control. We don’t take any responsibilities for such actions.   
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we have commercially reasonable procedures and security features in place to reasonably endeavor to prevent unauthorized access.

How we use your information:  
The mission of MyRefers is to connect the world’s professionals to enable them to be more productive and successful. To achieve this mission, MyRefers makes features and functionality available through our website, including our mobile and other applications, developer platform, premium services, and other information provided as part of the MyRefers services to enable professionals to develop, maintain and enhance a network of contacts, seek experts and consultants, fill job opportunities, create, share, and distribute information in collaboration with one another. By joining MyRefers, you voluntarily and willingly provide, certain information, including personally identifiable information, which we collect in order to provide the Services. If you have any hesitation about providing information to us and/or having your information displayed on the MyRefers website or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you should not become a member of the MyRefers community; and, if you are already a member, you should close your account.   
One of the key purposes for us to collect your personal and general information or data is to provide you with a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. We use certain personal or general information or data to do internal research (including electronic / automated including real time) on our user’s demographics, interests and behavior to better understand, protect and efficiently serve our users.   
We use your information or to facilitate and provide the services you request. We use your information or data to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe and efficient usage of Website or our services; measure consumer interest in the services provided by us; inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect you and us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms of use or other agreements between us; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your information or data to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your information or data for errors, omissions and for accuracy.  
You agree that we may use your information or data to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve the site's content and offerings, and customize the site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the site.   
You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Website. By accepting Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information.   
We may provide your information or data {except for your sensitive personal data or information as defined in Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011} to our partners, associates, service providers or other third parties to provide, advertise or market their legitimate products and/or services which may be of your interest. You will have the choice to ‘opt out’ of such marketing or promotional communications at your will.   
We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you on the Website (e.g., search technology, discussion boards, technical service providers, affiliate and rewards programs, co-branded services) and therefore we may provide some of your information or data directly to these internal service providers. These internal service providers' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific Website related operations. In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you (such as for Website surveys or for co-branded services). In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider, and all additional information you provide them and their additional uses will be strictly up to you. If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personal information is governed by their applicable privacy policy, if any.   
We may receive funds from various third parties including government agencies within or outside of India. We may share your data or information, with our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and joint ventures that are committed to serving your needs and related services, throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users.   
You understand, agree and acknowledge that our collection, storage and processing of your information or data for a lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of the Website, our activities and those of our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and joint ventures. You further understand, agree and acknowledge that your information or data which is classified as sensitive personal information as per applicable laws is considered necessary for us to provide various services on the Website to you and for your usage of the Website and other services provided by us in relation to the Website. 

How we store your information or data:  
Your information or data will primarily be stored in electronic form however certain data can also be stored in physical form. We may store, collect, process and use your data in countries other than Republic of India but under full compliance with applicable laws. We may enter into agreement with third parties (in or outside of India) to store your information or data. These third parties may have their own security standards to safeguard your information or data and we will on commercial reasonable basis require from such third parties to adopt reasonable security standards to safeguard your information / data.

Compliance with laws and law enforcement:  
We cooperate with government and law enforcement agencies or to any third parties by an order under law for the time being in force to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe it necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process, to protect the property and rights of Website or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. We may also provide your information or data to various tax authorities upon any demand or request from them. You acknowledge that the Website can be accessed from anywhere in the World and website will have users from all over the World and therefore government, judiciary or law enforcement authorities in various parts of the world may have or assume jurisdiction over us or the Website and we may be subject to the laws, rule, regulations and judgments of various countries, states, municipalities or province where we may not have direct presence or store, process, collect, use or keep your information or data. You acknowledge that governmental or law enforcement authorities in the countries where your data or information is stored may have right to decrypt, collect, monitor or access to your data or information which actions are completely out of our control. We don’t take any responsibilities for such actions.

Business transfers:   
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your information or data in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will reasonably ensure that the information or data you have provided through the Website is stored and used by the transferee in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Any third party to which MyRefers transfers or sells MyRefers’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.

Communication policies  
We may use your information or data for various communications to you. You have full control regarding which of these communications you want to receive. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective.

MyRefers Communications  
As described in the User Agreement, we will communicate with you through email, notices posted on the MyRefers website, messages to your inbox, or through other means available through the service, including mobile text messages. We may send you a series of emails that help inform new users about the features of the Services, and we will also send you service messages relating to the functioning of the Services. We may also send you messages with promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners, unless you have opted out of receiving promotional information, we would be including you in all correspondence with your referrals & also info about various jobs available as per preferences set by you.   
You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your account and changing your settings related to your email notification choices. If you wish, you can also opt-out of receiving promotional emails by sending a request to MyRefers customer service through our customer service site.   
Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from MyRefers, unless you have closed your MyRefers account. Also, if we send communications to you via the carrier service with which you have a mobile communications subscription or otherwise have access, you understand you will pay any service fees associated with your receipt of messages on your mobile device (including text messaging charges).

Deleting your information:   
If you wish to have the information or data that you have provided to us deleted, you can always do so by sending a request to us on the e-mail id of our services department provided at the bottom of this page. You may note that deletion of certain information or data may lead to cancellation of your registration with the Website and your access to certain features of the Website. You also agree and acknowledge that certain data or information cannot be deleted or prohibited to be deleted as required under any applicable law, law enforcement requests or under any judicial proceedings. 

Closing Your Account  
You can close your account through the MyRefers customer service site or you could close your account yourself as well. If you close your MyRefers account, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our publicly viewable database. If you close your account, unless otherwise required under any applicable law or legal process, we have no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your account information without liability. However, we may retain certain data contributed by you if MyRefers believes it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. MyRefers may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the Services to other users. For example, just as an email you may send to another person through an email service provider resides in that person’s inbox even after you delete it from your sent files or close your account. Similarly, other information you have shared with others, or that other users have copied, may also remain visible. MyRefers disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms herein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information. MyRefers does not control when search engines update their cache, which may contain certain public profile information that has since been removed from MyRefers’s publicly viewable database. 

Changes in privacy policy:  
From time to time we may update or modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website constitutes an acceptance of the then-current Privacy Policy so we encourage you to visit this page periodically to review any changes.

Contact us:   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of Website or your dealings with the Website, you can contact us via the links at the bottom of the page. In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, for any grievance you may reach the grievance officer either at the address provided on the Website or at [friends@myrefers.com](mailto:friends@myrefers.com). 
