> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the epicsearch.in privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130602002506id_/http%3A//www.epicbrowser.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

#### Epic’s Privacy Policy

  
**Primary Notes**   
What information we do collect is always on a temporary basis and solely for providing an appropriate service, ensuring updates have been made, and determining to some extent usage of features and services such as Epic sidebars or word processor. Some data may be personally identifying such as an IP address. Epic, however, never tracks any individual usage of any aspect of its service. Any and all data which may be analyzed is analyzed collectively and solely for the improvement of the service. 

Your browsing and your searches are never stored or sent to Epic in anyway; there is absolutely no tracking of your browsing nor your searches by Epic. 

Third parties such as search engines, however, may track and retain your searches. Third party services may also check websites you visit. In Epic, the Web of Trust is pre-installed and checks websites you visit against a database of known malicious websites, they do not track individual usage except to prevent abuse of its service in general, their privacy policy may be read here http://www.mywot.com/en/privacy . Add-ons that you install may also have access to and retain or otherwise analyze possibly personally identifying data. 

Websites may track your behavior through “cookies” which have many purposes including keeping you authenticated at websites. From time to time or regularly, you may want to delete cookies in Epic by clearing your private data. This is accomplished very easily in Epic by clicking on the trash can icon in the navigation bar. Epic also enables deletion of long-lived Flash cookies or LSOs. 

**Mozilla Related Privacy Notifications**   
Epic is built on Mozilla, and thus you may want to be aware of how these services and features may affect your privacy. 

**Blocklist Feature.**   
Epic also offers a Blocklist feature. With this feature, once a day Epic does a regularly scheduled, automatic check to see if you have any harmful add-ons or plug-ins installed. If so, this feature disables add-ons or plug-ins that Mozilla has determined contain known vulnerabilities or major user-facing issues or fatal bugs (e.g., Epic crashes on startup or something causes an endless loop). You may view the current list of Blocklisted items. This feature sends Non-Personal Information to Mozilla and Potentially Personal Information to Mozilla in the form of your IP address and a cookie. In addition, Mozilla also uses this feature to analyze usage patterns so we may improve our products and services, including planning features and capacity. Currently there is no basic user interface to disable the Blocklist feature. An article in the Firefox Knowledge Base explains how you may disable the Blocklist feature. Disabling the Blocklist feature is not recommended as it may result in using extensions known to be untrustworthy. 

**Crash-Reporting Feature.**   
Epic has a crash-reporting feature that sends a report to Mozilla when Epic crashes. Mozilla uses the information in the crash reports to diagnose and correct the problems in Epic that caused the crash. Though this feature starts automatically after Epic crashes, it does not send information to Mozilla until you explicitly authorize it to do so. By default, this feature sends a variety of Non-Personal Information to Mozilla, including the stack trace (a detailed description of which parts of the Epic code were active at the time of the crash) and the type of computer you are using. Additional information is collected by the crash reporting feature. 

**Location-Aware Feature.**   
You Elect to Use the Location-Aware Feature   
This feature remains inoperative until you visit a website that requests your location and you choose to opt in to the feature. If you elect not to, nothing happens. Each time you visit such a website, Epic asks you if you want it to provide the site with your current location. Additionally, you may elect to have Epic remember your choice to allow or not allow the feature for each site. Any such election is domain specific. You are able to opt out at any time of having Epic remember your choice, just like any other preference setting. 

**What Information Epic Collects**   
If you choose to allow it, the Epic Location-Aware Feature first collects one or more of the following relevant location markers: (i) location provided by a GPS device built into or attached to your computer or device and/or geolocation services provided by the operating system; (ii) the wifi routers closest to you; (iii) cell ids of the cell phone broadcast towers closest to you; (iv) the signal strength of nearby wireless access points and/or cell phone broadcast towers; and/or (v) your computer or device’s IP address. Next, it attempts to determine your location using these location markers. Any information Epic uses, receives or sends as part of this Location-Aware Feature is not received by any Mozilla servers or by Mozilla. Epic does not track or remember your location. Epic does remember a random client identifier, the temporary ID assigned by our third party provider to process your request, for two weeks. 

**Transmission of Geolocation Information to Third Parties**   
If your computer or device has a GPS unit or your operating system provides geolocation services and you have elected to use the location aware feature, Epic will send your location information directly to the requesting website. If not, Epic will send the other information described above, plus your user agent information (e.g., version of Epic you’re using) and a temporary client identifier, to a third party geolocation services provider. That provider can determine your approximate location from such data (e.g., convert a set of WiFi signal strengths into latitude and longitude). This information is sent by Epic over an encrypted connection and no cookies are used. Neither the domain name nor the URL of the site you’re visiting is sent to our service providers. Our providers estimate your location and return it to Epic. Epic provides your location information to the webpage that made the request. 

**Restrictions on How Third Party Providers Use the Location Information Received**   
Our policy is to require third-party providers to enter licensing agreements with Mozilla, which prohibit them from releasing Personal or Potentially Personal Information to the public. We only permit our third party providers to use this information in conjunction with the service(s) they are providing to us. They are required to ensure that any information collected on our behalf is anonymized and aggregated before they are permitted to use such information to develop new features or products and services, or to improve the overall quality of any of their products and services. For example, this means that they are required to ensure that your IP address and unique identifier of your client will be stripped out before being used by any of our third party provider’s other products or features. For more information on how our geolocation services providers use information sent by Epic, please see the privacy policy links in our list of third-party service providers. 

**Third Party Privacy Policies**   
Please carefully consider any website or service provider's privacy practices before agreeing to share your location. 

Requesting Websites. For information on the use of location data sent back to the website, please see that website’s privacy policy. 

Report Web Forgery Feature (not applicable to Epic for mobile). Epic’s Report Web Forgery feature lets you report suspected web forgeries to Mozilla’s third party service provider(s) for the web forgery protection feature when you encounter a suspected malicious “phishing” or fraudulent website that is impersonating a legitimate website. This feature sends your comments about the suspected fraudulent website to our third-party provider(s), as well as the same information that the browser sends when you visit a website. Our policy is to require each of our third-party providers to enter into written agreements with Mozilla that prohibit them from releasing Potentially Personal Information to the public. Our policy is to only permit these third party providers to use this information in conjunction with the web forgery protection service they are providing. In addition, we require each third-party provider to maintain its own privacy policy that is linked to the online form where you report a potential web forgery. To prevent the third party provider from obtaining this information, don’t use this feature to report a web forgery. (Also see “Protection Against Suspected Forgery and Attack Sites Features” below.) 

Secure Website Certificate Verification. When you visit a secure website, Epic may check with any status provider mentioned in the certificate to validate that website’s certificate. Epic sends only the certificate identification to the certificate provider, not the exact URL you are visiting. Sending these verification requests to third parties is sometimes necessary to ensure your connection to a site is secure; to help maintain your security, Epic may block access to the site if it can't verify your connection using the third party. If the certificate is no longer valid, you will receive an error page that states why the certificate is not valid and you will not be able to access that website. The technical name for this process is OCSP or On-line Certificate Status Protocol. You may disable online certificate verification in Epic's preferences under the encryption tab. If you do this, none of the information discussed here will be sent to any third party certificate provider. An article in the Firefox Knowledge Base gives you information about changing your preferences. However, if you choose to disable the online verification feature, Epic will not be able to confirm the identity of the website you are visiting, which may put you at greater risk of having your private information intercepted. In this case, Epic will also not show the identity of the website in the URL bar. 

Protection Against Suspected Forgery and Attack Sites Features. The Epic forgery and attack protection feature displays a warning if the website you are visiting is suspected of impersonating a legitimate website (commonly referred to as a phishing or forgery website) or a site that infiltrates or damages a computer system without your informed consent, including, without limitation, any computer viruses, worms, trojan horses, spyware, computer contaminant and/or other malicious and unwanted software (commonly called an attack site or malware). By default, Epic checks the web pages that you visit against a blacklist that is downloaded to your hard drive at regularly scheduled intervals (e.g., approximately twice per hour), the rate of frequency may change from time to time. The blacklist does not include the full URL of each suspicious site. Instead, each URL is hashed (obscured so it can't be read) and then broken into portions. Only a portion of each hashed URL is included on the blacklist on your hard drive. If there is a match, Epic will check with its third party provider to ensure that the website is still on the blacklist. The information sent between Epic and its third party provider(s) are hashed URLs. In fact, multiple hashed URLs are sent with the real hash so that the third party provider(s) will not know what site you are visiting. If there is a match, Epic displays either a “Reported Web Forgery” or “Reported Attack Site” alert, as applicable. 

You may completely turn off the forgery and/or attack site protection features in Epic’s preferences. If you do this, none of the information discussed here will be downloaded to your hard drive or sent to any third party service provider. An article in the Firefox Knowledge Base gives you information about changing your preferences. 

Each time Epic checks in with a third party provider to download a new blacklist, Non-Personal Information and Potentially Personal Information, such as the information that the browser sends every time you visit a website as well as the version number of the blacklist on your system, is sent to a third party provider. In order to safeguard your privacy, Epic will not transmit the complete URL of web pages that you visit to anyone other than Mozilla and its service providers. While it is possible that a third party service provider may determine the actual URL from the hashed URL sent, Mozilla’s policy is to require its third party service providers to enter into a written agreement with Mozilla not to use any data or other information about or from users of Epic for purposes other than to provide and maintain their service. In addition, Epic and Mozilla’s policy is to prohibit these third party service providers from correlating any Epic user data with any other data collected through other products, services or web properties of that provider. These third party service providers may post about additional notices regarding their applicable privacy policies. 

The forgery and attack site protection feature is provided “as is” and for your information as advice and guidance only. Epic, Mozilla and its contributors, licensors and partners do not guarantee that these protection features will prevent you from being deceived by a malicious website and we strongly recommend that you continue to be vigilant while online, particularly when following links sent to you in e-mail. 

This service is independent of the Web of Trust service which provides additional protection against malicious websites and is pre-installed in Epic. 

**Government and Court Demands for Information**   
Epic may be required to disclose information to the government or others. This may happen if we receive a valid search warrant, subpoena, court order, or other legal mandate. For example, the DMCA framework (specifically in Section 512(h)) contains an expedited subpoena process for copyright holders to request and receive information service providers have regarding the identity of alleged copyright infringers. 
