> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the epiccarnival.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070827021243id_/http%3A//www.epiccarnival.com/2007/07/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Epic Carnival - news, humor, opinion, analysis, stupidity: Privacy Policy

###  [Privacy Policy](http://www.epiccarnival.com/2007/07/privacy-policy.html)

EpicCarnival.com wants to insure that all of their customers and surfers feel safe about their private information. From time to time, it is necessary for us to acquire information from users or create cookies (save information) on the user’s machine to personalize the experience using our products or services. User information may be collected at EpicCarnival.com or its third party partner sites for customer service reasons when a surfer purchases a product or would like to have content personalized. Additionally, we keep track of which products and/or services that users purchase or participate in. We use customer contact information from the registration form(s) to send the user information about our company and promotional material from only partners that the user gives us permission to send to them. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings, from EpicCarnival.com, its affiliates and its partners. Any other information collected is for demographic reasons only and is shared only in the aggregate. We take security very seriously. We protect the loss or misuse of your information with the highest technology solutions. We take all the necessary precautions to insure that your information is not obtained by anyone. Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online in chat rooms, message boards, or similar posting areas, the information can be reviewed and collected by anyone. Therefore, do not post any information that you do not want to be made available to the general public. EpicCarnival.com is not responsible for unsolicited communications that arise from your postings on this site. In cyberspace, cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you’re at a site. The use of cookies is an industry standard-you’ll find them at most major Web sites. EpicCarnival.com, it’s subsidiaries and affiliates, only use cookies to make your overall user experience better. They are never used for any solicitation purposes. A common use for them is to be sure that you do not get an offer that you have previously received. We also use them periodically to hold settings for products and services. EpicCarnival.com is committed to maintaining the strictest privacy possible for our customers. We do not sell, rent, or in any other way share any information about our customers with any other companies. Any information that is collected by us is strictly for use within EpicCarnival.com for the purpose of improving our service for our customers.
