> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the f1000.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190309004416id_/https%3A//f1000.com/resources/F1000_Legal.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal information

Legal information
The website F1000.com is operated by Faculty of 1000 Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with
Company Number 3739756, with registered offices at Middlesex House, 34-42 Cleveland Street, London, W1T 4LB,
UK and VAT number GB 466247723.
Registration terms and conditions
Use of this website is subject to the Faculty of 1000 Limited (‘F1000’) General Terms and Conditions.
Registration on this website is subject to additional Terms and Conditions. By clicking “I accept the Registration
Terms and Conditions” when you register, you agree to be bound by these conditions.
Terms relating to registration
1. On registration you must provide F1000 with complete, accurate and truthful information and you must inform
    F1000 of any changes to that information (for example your email address) by emailing info@f1000.com.
2. Your registration is personal to you. Each registration is for a single user only. You will be asked to choose your
    user name and password which in combination (‘Your ID’) will be unique to you. You must not permit any other
    person to share use of Your ID or permit multiple users to access this website using Your ID.
3. You are responsible for all use of this website using Your ID and for preventing unauthorized use of Your ID. If
    you believe that there has been or will be a potential breach of Your ID security please notify us immediately by
    emailing info@f1000.com.
4. You will be required to provide Your ID to gain access to this website.
5. On registration with F1000 you agree to be automatically registered with other sites operated by F1000 and
    F1000 Research Limited using these log in credentials so that you can seamlessly transfer between the Faculty
    of 1000 Group internet sites.
Terms and conditions relating to material
(including comments)
Use of this website is subject to the Faculty of 1000 Limited (‘F1000’) General Terms and Conditions.
The use of certain tools provided by this website is subject to additional Terms and Conditions. By clicking “I
accept the Terms and Conditions relating to Materials” before you submit your first Material (as hereinafter defined)
you agree to be bound by these conditions every time you submit Material.
1. This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
2. Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post opinions, information and material including
    without limitation academic papers and data (‘Material’) in areas of the website. F1000 does not claim any
    ownership in the Material that you or any other user posts. F1000 does not screen, edit, publish or review
                                                            1


   Material prior to its appearance on the website and is not responsible for it. Material does not reflect the views
   or opinions of F1000, its agents or affiliates. Any view or opinion expressed in any Material is the view or
   opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable laws F1000 shall
   not be responsible or liable for the Material or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or
   suffered as a result of any use of and/or reliance on and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Material on
   this website.
3. You may only use this website for lawful purposes. Accordingly you may only post Material that you have the
   right to do so.
4. You may not use the website for any unlawful purpose, including without limitation, to upload, post, download
   or otherwise use any Material that you do not have the copyright owners permission to so upload, post,
   download or otherwise use, or that would result in you being in breach of these terms and conditions.
5. F1000 reserves the right to monitor all Material and to remove any Material which it considers in its absolute
   discretion to be unlawful, inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
6. By posting or uploading Material you warrant and represent that::
   a. You are entitled to post or upload the Material on the website and have all necessary licenses and consents
       to do so;
   b. the Material does not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or
       trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
   c. the Material does not contain any defamatory, libellous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material
       or material which is an invasion of privacy;
   d. the Material does not contain any contaminating or destructive features or devices such as viruses, time
       bombs or coding designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of this website or any of this
       website’s user’s computer equipment or software;
   e. the Material will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or
       unlawful activity;
   f. the Material is in compliance with all applicable laws.
7. By posting Material you grant to F1000 an irrevocable non-exclusive royalty-free license to keep a copy of
   Material for a reasonable period and as necessary to enable it to comply with its legal obligations.
8. You hereby agree to indemnify and keep indemnified F1000, its affiliates, contractors and agents from and
   against any and all losses (including without limitation direct, indirect and consequential loss), costs, claims,
   damages or expenses of whatever nature and howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly from any breach
   of these Terms and Conditions or arising from the Material posted on this website or content contained in any
   email sent using the facilities provided by the website by you including without limitation as a result of any
   infringement of any intellectual property or other proprietary rights, libel, defamation, obscenity or the Material
   being otherwise unlawful.
9. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.
                                                           2


Privacy Notice (5th June 2018)
Privacy is an important concern for internet users, and is something that Faculty of 1000 Limited (‘F1000’) takes
very seriously. What follows is an explanation of F1000’s policy for protecting users’ personal information.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY NOTICE COVERS
This is the privacy notice for F1000Workspace.com, F1000.com/work, F1000Prime.com, F1000.com/prime, our
related mobile applications, tools and comment and discussion facilities (together ‘the Sites’).
WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
The data controllers are Faculty of 1000 Limited and F1000 Workspace Limited.
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION?
F1000 relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
•   as needed to provide its services, such as when it uses your information to fulfill the services you require, to
    settle disputes, or to provide customer support;
•   when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for
    our mailing list;
•   if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as
    retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and
•   as necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests provided those legitimate interests are not overridden
    by your rights or interests.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES F1000 ASK USERS TO SUPPLY, AND WHY?
Registration on the Sites where requested is optional and voluntary.
Some aspects of the service available on the Sites require the use of cookies, and the supply of information
such as name, email, speciality, funder, institution, qualification and phone number. This is necessary for
security reasons and to be able to provide our services. Users may submit further personal information (e.g.,
details of research and areas of interest) in order to take advantage of present and future personalization
facilities on the Sites.
When you visit our Sites we may collect information about your online browsing behaviour and any equipment or
software you have used to access our Sites including your IP address, device identifiers and the type of browser
you use.
In accordance with European Union guidelines, registrants may decline to provide the information requested.
                                                           3


They should be advised, however, that F1000 may be unable to deliver its services unless at least the information
necessary to enable fulfillment of the service, security and identification purposes is provided.
WHAT FURTHER INFORMATION DOES F1000 TRACK, AND WHY?
In order to offer the best possible service to users, F1000 tracks the patterns of usage of pages on the Sites. This
enables us to identify the most popular material and services. Where users have provided details of their research
areas of interest, this information can be correlated, helping F1000 to provide a useful service for scientists and
clinicians, offering them the most relevant information based on their areas of interest.
F1000 uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google)
to those who have previously visited our site. This service uses cookies to enable third party vendors, including
Google, to show our ads on sites across the internet. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting
Google’s Ads Settings.
HOW DOES F1000 COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
F1000 collects your email address when you register to receive e-mail alerts. We use this to send you the relevant
e-mail alert that you have requested with the described frequency.
F1000 collects the following information when you register with a Site; name, address, organisation, country
and e-mail address. We use this to contact you to confirm registration, to identify you and provide our services,
administration and to resolve issues through our help desk.
F1000 collects the following information when you register to make comments on a Site; name, address,
organisation, country and e-mail address. We use this to enable you to post comments on a Site, contact you to
confirm registration, to identify you and provide our services, administration, to resolve issues through our help
desk and investigatory purposes should the need arise.
F1000 uses your personal information to personalize the experience you have of a Site, enable your details to be
moved across the tools on the Sites to accelerate the process of completing any information requirements and for
market research.
F1000 collects and may use your personal information to (a) contact you in response to any communication
received from you, (b) award you a prize if you have won one through the Site.
F1000 will use your personal information to review it in order to ensure it does not keep it any longer than is
legally permitted.
DOES F1000 COLLECT OR USE CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION?
F1000 does not seek to collect or knowingly store any personal information about persons under the age of 16
by any registration or other request for personal information on the Sites. Anyone aged under 16 who wishes to
provide personal information to us must first obtain their parent or guardian’s consent.
                                                            4


WHAT IS F1000’S POLICY ON SHARING EMAIL ADDRESSES WITH THIRD PARTIES?
User information will only be shared with third parties as necessary to complete a contract or to provide services
you have requested or authorized or with the explicit consent of the user.
We may share your personal information with other companies within the F1000 Group of companies (Faculty of
1000 Limited, F1000 Workspace Limited, F1000 Research Limited and Open Research Central Limited) to assist
the F1000 Group in providing its services to you.
If you register with any one of the web sites operated by any member of the F1000 Group (F1000Research.com,
F1000Workspace.com, F1000.com/work, F1000Prime.com or F1000.com/prime) you can use those credentials
to access each of them. Each member of the F1000 Group will share your usage activity, preferences and other
information with each other to provide a better service from its products to you.
If the user has explicitly opted to receive special offer and product information emails from F1000 partners, then
F1000 may from time to time email the user on behalf of these partner companies. However, these companies
will not be given the user’s details without that user’s explicit consent.
WHAT IS F1000’S POLICY ON USING DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION ABOUT USERS FOR
ONLINE ADVERTISING PURPOSES?
Statistical anonymized demographic information about F1000 usage may be supplied to advertisers. F1000
may target online advertising to users on the basis of this demographic information, or on the basis of their past
behaviour on the site, but information about an individual user will not be passed on to an advertiser without the
user’s express consent.
Statistical anonymized usage information may be supplied to an institution for any user who accesses a Site as
a result of any sponsorship by that institution.
HOW LONG WILL F1000 KEEP MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Unless we are required or permitted by law to keep information for a longer period, F1000 will only keep your
personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for having that data as explained in the
consent you granted or in our privacy policy or until you request us to delete it. However even if we delete your
personal data it may remain on back-up systems or in our archive for security and to enable us to fulfill our legal,
regulatory and tax obligations.
HOW DOES F1000 KEEP MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
F1000 takes the security of your personal information very seriously and stores and processes your personal
information in accordance with applicable law. From time to time we may transfer and store personal
information that we have collected outside the EU as some of our service providers are outside the EU (including
without limitation USA). However when we appoint anyone to provide a service to us we take care to ensure they
comply with applicable EU law and this Privacy Notice and have appropriate security procedures in place and are
aware of the obligations that come with holding personal information.
                                                            5


HOW CAN I CHANGE THE PERMISSIONS GIVEN TO F1000?
All communications from F1000 will include clear instructions on how to tell us that you wish to cease receiving
further communications (unsubscribe).
You also have the right to ask us to (a) rectify inaccurate or incomplete personal information, (b) delete your
personal data from F1000’s systems, (c) limit the way in which F1000 can use your personal data, (d) move, copy
or transfer your personal information and (e) object to our use of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, make enquiries or make a complaint about our use of your personal data please
contact F1000 by e-mailing info@f1000.com, or write to us at Chief Operating Officer, Faculty of 1000 Limited,
Middlesex House, 34-42 Cleveland Street, London W1T 4LB, United Kingdom.
HOW DOES F1000 USE COOKIES?
A cookie is a small file sent by web servers to web browsers and stored on your computer or mobile device, if
you agree to this request. Cookies usually contain a unique identifier and some anonymous information and will
be unique to your web browser. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about
you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
F1000 uses cookies to improve user experience, as well as to provide certain information to F1000 to help us
improve the product in the future.
The Sites use cookies for four main functions:
•    To remember you and your preferences;
•    Track user movements;
•    Measure page usage; and
•    Target content or advertising
Persistent cookies remain on your device until a set expiry date or until you delete them, for example: information
about you and your preferences; session cookies expire when you close the web browser, for example:
information about pages you visited on the site.
You may be sent cookies by other websites that you interact with when you use our Sites such as social media
sites. F1000 also uses third party products that set cookies, for example: Google Analytics, which helps us
monitor site usage and therefore improve user experience, and Google Adwords which uses cookies to enable
our ads to be shown across the Internet to those who have previously visited our site.
CONTROL OF COOKIES
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to notify you
when a cookie is sent, and then you can then choose to accept or decline the cookie. However, this may mean
that any preferences you set on a Site will be lost or you will not be able to use the auto login or remember me
facility at login.
                                                           6


You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
More information about cookies.
LEGAL RESPONSIBILITIES
F1000 reserves the right to disclose users’ personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith
and belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect
the rights, property or safety of F1000 employees or members.
WHO SHOULD I CONTACT IF I HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS ABOUT MY PRIVACY?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy and F1000 please contact info@f1000.com or write
to us at Chief Operating Officer, Faculty of 1000 Limited, Middlesex House, 34-42 Cleveland Street, London W1T
4LB, United Kingdom.
If you are not satisfied with any complaint you may make about how your personal information is handled, then
you may be able to refer your matter to the Information Commissioner’s office https://ico.org.uk/.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
F1000 may from time to time make changes to this Privacy Notice to reflect changes in how we treat your
personal information, to comply with legislation, improve the site or to institute good practice. F1000 will inform
you of these changes by posting them to this page. It is your responsibility as a user to make sure that you are
aware of changes posted on this page by checking for any changes on a regular basis.
                                                          7
