> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the surveysavvy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629230946id_/https%3A//www.surveysavvy.com/privacy_policy%3Fload_mode%3Dmodal) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SurveySavvy

### Privacy - Our First Priority

Luth Research has been conducting market research through consumer surveys for more than 30 years. Long before the birth of e-business on the Internet, we were at the forefront of protecting the privacy of personal information provided to us by survey respondents. Now, through Luth Research’s SurveySavvy Online Community, we survey millions of people via the Internet as well as track web behavior using our SavvyConnect panel -- giving the consuming public even greater influence over products and services. Whether we are conducting market research online or offline, through surveys or other data collection processes, the confidentiality of personal information shared with us remains our number one priority. Luth Research has invested time and money to ensure that all information we receive from you through the Luth Research website (luthresearch.com), SurveySavvy website (surveysavvy.com), SavvyConnect application and other products and services is stored safely, securely, and in accordance with industry best practices. The protection of your personal information is our commitment to you. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices that apply to all products and services provided by Luth Research. Luth Research complies with the principles set forth in the Safe Harbor framework as outlined by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of data from the European Union. Luth Research also conforms to the Council of American Survey Research Organizations (CASRO) Code of Standards and Ethics for Survey Research, the European Society for Opinion and Marketing Research (ESOMAR) ICC/ESOMAR International Code of Marketing and Social Research Practice and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, you should contact [support@surveysavvy.com](mailto:support@surveysavvy.com) by email. Your privacy is important to us. By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureaus’ BBBOnLine® Privacy Program we have made a commitment to meet the program’s strict requirements regarding how we treat your information. We also agree to have our treatment of your information verified by BBBOnLine®. Further information about this program is available at [www.BBBonline.org](http://www.bbbonline.org/) Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site. This Privacy policy applies to online information collection practices of the Luth Research website, SurveySavvy website, SavvyConnect application, Online surveys hosted by Luth or third party survey providers and other products and services provided by Luth Research. If you have accessed Luth Research products and services through a link or series of links from other websites or entities, such websites are not affiliated with Luth Research and may have different privacy practices. Luth Research is not responsible for the content, practices, or policies of such websites or entities.

### Registration

Registering to participate with Luth Research, LLC at SurveySavvy is easy. We ask you to fill out a form providing us with certain personal information. We collect information such as name, address, email address, phone number, gender, employment status, household income, education level, marital status, household status, ethnicity and type of computer you use. After you register, we will ask you for additional information through our “Portraits”, which are used to match you with the most suitable surveys. Completion of “Portraits” is strictly voluntary. When you register with SurveySavvy , you agree: (i) to receive a confirmation email from us confirming your registration; (ii) to receive emails inviting you to participate in surveys with links to the surveys; (iii) when applicable, to receive emails inviting you to participate in voluntary sweepstakes that SurveySavvy may sponsor for its members; and (iv) to receive email responses to questions, comments or updates to your member profile that you submit to the Web site. You also agree to the establishment of your incentive account which shall be credited after you and/or one of your qualified referrals participate in a survey that is completed and validated by SurveySavvy.

### Use of Information

The information collected during the registration process allows us to verify your eligibility, to determine which surveys are appropriate for you, and to contact you regarding participation in surveys or in voluntary sweepstakes that SurveySavvy may sponsor from time to time. We also use individual information to generate demographic data relating to the responses we receive to particular surveys. Survey results are disclosed in the aggregate to the clients of SurveySavvy who have requested such survey information. Our survey results only report aggregate information about demographic groups. Online surveys may reside on servers located at our offices, a client site or third party site(s) authorized by SurveySavvy. Survey responses are identified based upon a survey respondent identification number assigned to each respondent. No personally identifiable information is associated with such survey responses or provided to clients or third parties without the respondent's prior “opt-in” consent. The individual personal information you provide through the registration process is completely confidential - we never sell it nor do we share it with third parties without your consent (other than third party service providers who provide services necessary to the operation and use of this Web site and who have agreed to protect the confidentiality of such information that they may have access to as part of their provision of services). Your personal information is also used to credit your incentive account for completed and validated surveys and to compensate you when you request payment of your incentive credit balance. Your personal information (including your social security number) may be required for compliance with tax laws and may be disclosed to the appropriate taxing authorities, as required by law. As we are an independent market research company, SurveySavvy will not use your personal information to sell you products or services.

### Security of Information

Luth Research meets or exceeds industry standards regarding electronic data security. Use of SSL Encryption is used where applicable to safeguard personal information.

### Cookies and Other Technologies

HTTP cookies, IP addresses, browser user agent information, HTML cookies and/or Flash Local Shared Objects (Flash Cookies) may be used at various points of interaction to provide for a better user experience, to safeguard your personal information and to protect the integrity of the data collection process. These and other digital fingerprinting technologies are not used to collect data for any means other than the aforementioned reasons. Under no circumstances are these technologies used to prevent SurveySavvy members from deleting or removing cookies. Web and application server logs are used solely for security, support, troubleshooting and maintenance purposes. Similarly, Google Analytics is used to collect information for site optimization and user statistics but does not collect any personally identifiable information.

### SavvyConnect and Web Behavioral Data

The SavvyConnect application tracks web behaviors and browsing activities. This information is kept in strict confidentiality. Our respondents' privacy and data security is our first priority and we enforce best in class security technology and practices to ensure rigorous data protection. We use the information we collect through the software to identify online trends and we share this information with our customers and partners.

### Social Networks and Social Media

SurveySavvy may provide integrations into Social Networks to provide a better product to consumers. This integration may require authentication and linking of certain information from these Social Networks. We will identify such information and ask for your permission during this process.

### Consent

If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.

### Opportunity to Correct/Update Information

You can correct factual errors, review and/or update your profile at any time from the member's area. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You will receive a follow-up email from SurveySavvy indicating that your member profile has been updated accordingly.

### Notification of Changes

If we make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying members of the change. Any material changes in our Privacy Policy will be posted 30 days prior to the date such changes are implemented. In some cases, we will also email members, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. If you do not agree with the changes made to this Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe.

### Unsubscribe

You don't have to participate in every survey; if you don't respond, we will contact you later about another survey. If at any time you decide that you don't want to participate in our surveys anymore, you can unsubscribe and we will send you an email indicating that we have processed your request to unsubscribe. After we have received and processed your request to unsubscribe, you will no longer receive emails from SurveySavvy inviting you to participate in surveys.

### Sweepstakes

From time to time, SurveySavvy may hold a sweepstakes available to its current members, new members or specific sections of its membership. Participation in these sweepstakes is voluntary. Sweepstakes prize winners will be notified of their prizes by email. Prize winnings will be deposited in member’s incentive accounts. As a condition to entering into such sweepstakes, members agree that SurveySavvy may use their name, hometown and home state for marketing purposes and may display their name, home town and home state on this Web site under a list of winners for each sweepstakes. A link or other reference to the location of the sweepstakes rules will be provided in the invitation to participate in the sweepstakes.

### Children's Privacy

SurveySavvy firmly believes in maintaining the security and confidentiality of all visitors to this Web site, regardless of age. SurveySavvy complies with all applicable provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). Where a parent who is a member of SurveySavvy has indicated in their member profile that members of their household include children, SurveySavvy may, from time to time, request that such parent allow one or more of those children to respond to surveys specifically designed for children. The children of such members may only respond to such surveys on this Web site by using the email address and password of one of their parents with the prior consent of such parent. Surveys specifically designed for children to respond to shall relate to products and services that are age appropriate and shall only collect the following general demographic information about the respondent: the child’s age, gender and zip code (or larger geographic area) where the child resides. Such surveys shall not collect more personal information about the child than is reasonably necessary for marketing research purposes. The child’s survey responses shall be used for the same purposes and shall be subject to the same obligations, restrictions and conditions as any other member survey response. By providing an email address and password for the use of this Web site to any child, the parent has consented to the child’s participation in and response to surveys through this Web site. Parents have the right to: (i) consent to the collection and use of personal information of their children without also consenting to the disclosure of such information to third parties; (ii) review personal information collected from their children; (iii) request that personal information of their children be deleted; and (iv) refuse the further collection of personal information of their children. In the event a parent believes that their child is using their email address and password to access this Web site without authorization, has registered as a member of this Web site using false information, or wishes to exercise any of the parental rights set forth in this section, such parent may contact us at Luth Research, LLC. 1365 Fourth Avenue, San Diego, California 92101 (888) 588-4258 or email using the Contact Us form.

### Unsolicited Emails

Luth Research and SurveySavvy never spam or send unsolicited commercial emails. Members who spam in order to generate referrals are ineligible for any compensation from SurveySavvy and will be permanently disqualified from participation in SurveySavvy. See our Frequently Asked Questions page for a definition of spam.

### General

By visiting this Web site, you agree that this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions govern your use of the Web site. All disputes over privacy shall be governed as set forth in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms and Conditions, including applicable law, arbitration rules and limitations on damages. You should review the Web site periodically for any changes to this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions.

### Law, Harm, and the Public Interest

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, or disclose your personal data if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services, or to explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your personal data.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policies or practices, we would like to know what they are so we can address them. Please contact us at (888) 588-4258 or email using the Contact Us form. Effective Date: April 27, 2012
