> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvg.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150316013057id_/https%3A//www.tvg.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TVG.com

#### Privacy Policy

PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY 

Protecting your privacy, along with financial transactions, is at the core of TVG's business. This notice describes the type of personally identifiable information we collect and how we use such information. 

TYPE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED

We collect, retain and use information about you to protect and administer your account and funds; to comply with applicable state and federal laws and regulations; and to help us design, improve and provide products and services in order to better serve you. When you subscribe as a TVG customer or when you submit a request or electronically pass information to TVG, you are sometimes asked to provide certain information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone numbers, social security number, birth date, credit card or bank account information. We ask for this in order to facilitate your requests, provide personalized services and communicate separately with you. Without your written or electronic consent, we will not collect personal information over our system unless it is necessary to provide you with our services or to prevent unauthorized access to our services. 

DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION 

You have chosen to do business with us, and we recognize our obligation to keep the information you provide to us secure and confidential. In our continuous effort to provide services that we believe you may find useful or of value, we may make your records available to better facilitate your requests, provide more personalized services and communicate separately with you. From time to time, we will use the information we collect to coordinate data entry and payments with the company that provides you with handicapping information, to coordinate marketing/rewards programs with partner racetracks, and to offer other enhancements to the service. Any third party receiving such information will have an obligation to hold it confidential. Without your written or electronic consent or where necessary to provide our services, we will not disclose your personally identifiable data to other companies outside of TVG or our affiliated companies. TVG does not currently sell customer information to advertisers or third party marketers. If we choose to do so in the future, we will provide you with information about how to remove your name from such lists. You will be provided with at least thirty (30) days within which to remove your name from such lists. If you would prefer that we not share any of your information with third parties, except under the circumstances where we are legally required, please contact us in writing at TVG, 19545 NW Von Neumann Drive, Suite 210, Beaverton, OR 97006-6935 to this effect. In circumstances where we inadvertently obtain information that appears to pertain to the commission of a crime or where we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person exists, TVG may voluntarily disclose the record or the contents of your communications or other information about you to law enforcement agencies and governmental entities without providing you advance notice. Upon receipt of an applicable search warrant or administrative, grand jury or trial subpoena, TVG may be required to disclose to the government or law enforcement agencies, without advance notice to you, the content of your communications and other records relating to your electronic communications, as well as the following records: your name and address; records of your online communication (including session times and duration); how long you have subscribed to our service(s) (including start date) and the type(s) of service(s) utilized; your telephone number or other subscriber account identifying number(s), including any Internet or network address(es) assigned to you by our network; and the means and source of your payment(s) (including any credit card or bank account number). 

PROTECTING ONLINE ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND TRANSACTIONS 

When you apply online to establish an account, access services or utilize online wagering, you provide personal and confidential information that is necessary for us to process your request. To ensure that your information remains confidential, the information is sent to us in a "secure session." Using the industry standard, Secure Socket Layer (SSL)-capable web browsers support encryption technology that helps prevent unauthorized users from viewing or manipulating your account information as it travels over the Internet. We will permit only authorized parties, who are trained in the proper handling of customer information, to have access to that information. Employees who violate our privacy policy will be subject to our disciplinary process. 

RETENTION 

We destroy customer information that is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it is collected unless there is a legitimate request or order to inspect the information still outstanding or the information remains in routine records that are periodically discarded under our document retention policies. The information that you have provided us is maintained in our management information system and billing systems, and is updated as new information is added. Accounting and billing records are retained for ten years for tax and accounting purposes or until the relevant income tax years for which the document was created have been closed for income tax purposes and/or all appeals have been exhausted. Records may remain on file even after you have terminated service. Subject to applicable law, we may also keep records to facilitate collection and to evaluate credit worthiness. 

YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

It is extremely important that you keep your account number, Personal Identification Number and other confidential account data protected and secure. Do not share your PIN or leave your computer unattended during an online wagering session. Please make sure that all information you provide to TVG is accurate and complete. Contact us immediately by email at comments@tvg.com, or by calling 1-888-PLAY-TVG (752-9884) if you find any discrepancies in your account data or if you wish to inspect the records pertaining to you at our offices. 

NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION

When your computer or mobile device contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit this website or view an HTML e-mail), our web servers automatically collect usage information. Such usage information includes information about how our visitors use and navigate our website. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our website, and IP addresses. We also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail, advertising or promotional announcement or similar service. This information is used to analyze and improve this website and to provide you with a more fulfilling and relevant experience.

BROWSER COOKIES

Like many websites, we use browser “cookies”. Cookies are a website’s way of remembering who you are. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. There are two kinds of cookies: those that are “session” oriented and those that are “persistent”. Session cookies delete from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies retain information for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire. We use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our website. Also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this website. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. You can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule. If you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this website.

FLASH COOKIES

Our website enables the use of the Adobe Flash Player. Adobe’s Flash Player is a commonly used software use by websites that offer video and other interactive content. By default, your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates “flash cookies” (also known as “persistent identification elements” or “local shared objects”). Adobe provides a short disclosure about Flash Cookies in its End User License Agreement, stating “Use of the web players, specifically the Flash Player, will enable the Software to store certain user settings as a local shared object on our computer. These settings are not associated with you, but allow you to configure certain settings within the Flash Player.” The Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use flash cookies to remember user settings, preferences and usage similar to the browser cookies referenced above, but flash cookies can store more information than browser cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. You can control the degree to which you accept flash cookies by accessing your Adobe Flash Player management tools directly through the settings manager for Adobe Flash, located at http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. If you do not allow flash cookies to take any disc space on your computer, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features on the Site. Users with a computer running the Windows operating system can view flash cookie files in this folder: \Documents and Settings\\[username]\Application Data\Macromedia\Flash Player. Users with a computer running the Apple operating system can view flash cookie files in this folder: /users/[username]/Library/Preferences/macromedia/Flash Player. Flash cookies, or LSO files are stored typically with an “.SOL” extension.

Although the Adobe Flash Player is a commonly used software used by websites that offer video content and/or games, it is not the only technology being used in the ever-shifting online and mobile content environment. HTML5 is an increasingly popular web standard used for presenting content, especially content delivered to mobile devices. HTML is the mark-up language used for the World Wide Web. Almost all web pages you visit on the internet are based around HTML code. HTML5 is simply the fifth and latest iteration of this mark-up language that allows for more interactive web pages. One of the real benefits of HTML5 is its potential to standardize the highly fragmented rich-media universe. Some HTML5 code may allow your response to advertising and other activities to be monitored across websites and such information to be stored on your computer or mobile device. Technology solutions that allow users to opt-out of or block this sort of tracking are being developed through browser add-ons and other tools. However, please note that we do not process or comply with any browser’s “do not track” signal or other mechanism that indicates a request to disable online tracking.

WEB BEACONS

Our web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called a "clear gif", that allows us to monitor and collect certain limited information about our users, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons can be very small or invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including HTML based content, can act as a web beacon. We may use web beacons to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate our website, and we may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many of the messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon. We use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our website and our marketing campaigns.

THIRD PARTY COOKIES

We allow third-party companies to collect anonymous information when you visit the website and to use that information to serve ads for TVG products or services or for products or services of other companies when you visit the website or other websites. These companies may use anonymous information (e.g., navigational, non-personally identifiable information, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, etc.) during your visits to the website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon, or other technologies, to collect this information.

THIRD PARTY WEB SITES 

TVG's website contains links to other sites. TVG cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites. When linking to other sites, please review their security and privacy policies. 

RESPONSIBLE WAGERING 

TVG is a recognized leader in the area of responsible wagering. TVG does not solicit any information from or market our services to anyone under the age of 21. National Gambling Helpline: 1-800-522-4700 We reserve the right to revise this policy, or any part thereof. Use of our service following notice of such revisions constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy. 
