> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvgasm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230190932id_/http%3A//www.tvgasm.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TVgasm

**TVGASM.COM PRIVACY POLICY**

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THE TVGASM.COM WEBSITE (the “Site”).  It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal information of yours or others through the Site.  By accessing the Site, you are hereby agreeing to be legally bound by the Privacy Policy (the “Agreement”).  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site, or if you wish to unsubscribe from Site services, please contact us at [staff@tvgasm.com](mailto:staff@tvgasm.com) or at the address at the end of this Privacy Policy. This site has been last updated as of April 29, 2010.

**TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED**

**Personal Data:** Personally Identifiable Information (“Personal Data”) is any information potentially used to identify any individual, such as a name, email address, home address, phone number and/or credit card information. This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site; for example when you subscribe for newsletters; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards; participate in chat rooms, blogs or other user forums; respond to polls or surveys; purchase merchandise via the Site; register for sweepstakes, contests and other promotional opportunities; or seek help from TVGasm.com customer service departments. The Site may also collect information when you purchase products or services offline, or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices (“Other Services”). TVGasm.com may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties, such as credit agencies.

**Aggregate and Anonymous Data:** Aggregate and anonymous data is information that does not identify you specifically, including, without limitation, data collected automatically through the operation of the Site (“AA Data”). TVGasm.com may also collect site usage data (such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence), and collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and connection information, such as browser type or version. During some visits, TVGasm.com may use software tools, such as JavaScript, to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page.

**USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES**

This Site uses “cookies” or other similar technologies to collect AA Data, to allow the Site to measure traffic activity, and to improve your user experience. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so.  In addition, TVGasm.com may use a service that collects data remotely by using “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) embedded in the Site’s content. This information is AA data.

**SITE USAGE OF YOUR DATA**

**Personal Data:** TVGasm.com will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided, and may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) TVGasm.com may post your Personal Data on the Site. TVGasm.com will notify you of this when you provide the Personal Data and, if possible, when the Personal Data is posted.  Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you. If any AA Data is linked with Personal Data, the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data.

**AA Data:** TVGasm.com may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis.  In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services, TVGasm.com often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on Personal Data gathered. Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data, it does not identify you personally. TVGasm.com may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties, including its affiliates, agents, and current and prospective business partners.  TVGasm.com may additionally use AA Data collected from the Site for site administration, advertising and promotional purposes, and share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes. TVGasm.com may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess technology that allows the Site to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Site. This data (including Clickstream Data about your activities on the Site) may be shared with these companies for this purpose or otherwise.

Pages: 1 [2](http://www.tvgasm.com/privacy-policy/2) [3](http://www.tvgasm.com/privacy-policy/3)
