> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ilient.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180131102724id_/https%3A//www.sysaid.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SysAid's Privacy Policy

SysAid Technologies Ltd. (''SysAid''), as owner of the website acting under the domain name Sysaid.com (the “Website”), under which You can register and receive Our Services and/or get a License to use our Software, respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use our Services or get a license to our Software. This privacy policy statement ("Privacy Policy") explains which information we collect/may collect, and how we use it. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Software as a Service Agreement /EULA, as applicable (the “Agreement”). Some of the terms hereunder may not apply to You if you are not using our Services but rather got a license to use Our Software products only. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement, unless specifically provided otherwise, hereunder. 

## Personal Information

Personal information is information such as your name or mailing address that can be used to uniquely identify you. In order to get the Services/Software and/or receive newsletters or commercial offers, You must provide personal information. All your personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, and email address, is held in strict confidence. This information is collected for the primary purpose of enabling you to receive the Services requested by you, but may also be used, from time to time, to provide you with newsletters or commercial offers. SysAid does not sell or share personal information in a form that can identify you with any other party. 

## The Database

The information you provide when registering to the Services/Software download will be stored in SysAid`s database. You are not required by law to provide the information but without providing the same you will not be able to use such Services. 

### Information Collection and Use Practices

Please note that our Service collects information about your activity in both anonymous and personally identifiable forms. We use information about your way of activity on this Service to improve SysAid products and services; and we may share with our partners aggregated and non-personally identifiable information regarding the way our users use the Service. You hereby irrevocably waive any claim with regard to SysAid collecting the information mentioned above. You understand and acknowledge that in the course of its normal and routine operation, the Main System/Software and/or Agent corresponds with Your End Points and regularly sends SysAid non-personal information, that enables SysAid to properly provide or advise you with regard to relevant notifications made by SysAid. For the purpose of this section, non-personal information shall mean any information that cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity. Non-personal information includes but is not limited to your SysAid configuration, including the version you are using, your database type and your language preference. Non-personal information does not, however, include any data that you have entered into the Main System. 

## Collection of Information for Use through Google Analytics

Note that we use Google Analytics to aggregate and analyze both personal and non-personal data about You, where non-personal data may include your behavior in our site and personal data may include such information detailed under "Personal Information" above (together – "Your Data"). You may request us to stop using Google Analytics with respect to Your Data at any time by sending an email to [content@sysaid.com](mailto:content@sysaid.com), and we will comply as soon as practicable. 

## Advertisements and Offers

During the use of the Service/Software, you may be presented with: advertising, marketing offers, and other promotional information from SysAid, other users of the Service or by third parties. Such offers may also be made available to You by SysAid via email communication. 

## Email Communication

Please note that during the registration with the Services/Software you are requested to provide a valid email address in order to enable the registration process, to enable the SysAid team to provide you with email support and in order to allow SysAid to contact you, from time to time, via email communication, with news and updates about services, products and offers. If you wish, at any time, to remove your email address from any of the above mentioned email mailing lists and stop receiving future email communications from Us, other than the emails directly related to the Service functionality/Software, you may unsubscribe by an email to: [unsubscribe@sysaid.com](mailto:unsubscribe@sysaid.com). For your convenience, email communications from Us contain instructions regarding how to unsubscribe from Our email mailing lists. 

## The Right to Examine Information

Under the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, any individual is entitled, whether himself/herself or through a proxy so authorized in writing on his/her behalf or through his/her legal guardian, to access information pertaining to him/her that is contained in the database. Any person, who examines such information and finds it to be inaccurate, incomplete, unclear, or not updated, may contact the owner of the data base with a request to correct, amend or delete the data. Should the owner of the data base refuse to comply with such a request, he/she must inform the applicant of such refusal in the manner determined in the regulations. Any refusal on the part of the owner of the data base to permit access or comply with a request to amend or delete information may be appealed by the applicant in a magistrate’s court as determined in the regulations. Moreover, should the information contained in SysAid’s data base be used for purposes of personally soliciting you, based on your affiliation to any population group as determined according to one or more attributes of people whose names are included in the data base (“solicitation for commercial purposes”) – then you are entitled under the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981 to submit a written request that such information pertaining to you be deleted from the data base. SysAid shall in such case delete any information that is required only for solicitation for commercial purposes as stated above, though such deletion may also result in your inability to use Our Services. Any information required by SysAid for conducting its business - including documentation of commercial and other activities performed by You as part of the Services - shall continue to be legally stored by SysAid (if it chooses to do so), but no further use shall be made of such information for purposes of personally soliciting you. If within 30 days you do not receive notification that the information that SysAid was requested to delete was in fact deleted, according to the provisions of this paragraph, you are entitled to apply to a magistrate’s court in the manner determined in the regulations and as authorized by law, in order that the court may instruct SysAid to take the required action as stated. 

## Applicable Privacy and Data Protection Laws

The privacy protection and data protection under the Agreement (whether related to the Services or the Software) shall be in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. Users from other jurisdictions, which jurisdictions might have in place, or legislate in the future, any rules and regulations more restrictive, or differently applied, from those applicable under the laws of the State of Israel, shall be aware of such differences, if any. Please feel free to send us any questions you may have regarding this statement.   _Last updated: October 2014_
