> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ilikeyou.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160414151131id_/https%3A//ilikeyou.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Ilikeyou - Meet, chat, date

## Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Ilikeyou.

This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use and disclose that information, and what we do to protect it. By using Ilikeyou, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy.

The Information Ilikeyou Collects:  
User-Provided Information: You may provide to Ilikeyou what is generally called "personally identifiable" information (such as your email address, age, zip code) when using Ilikeyou, such as when you register, and when you use the Apps or purchase virtual goods. If you use Ilikeyou with your mobile device, or sign up to receive alerts via text message, we may also have access to your device ID or phone number.

"Cookies" Information: When you use Ilikeyou, we may send one or more cookies - small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer. Ilikeyou may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to Ilikeyou. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from Ilikeyou, you may not be able to utilize the features of Ilikeyou to their fullest potential.

"Automatically Collected" Information: When you use Ilikeyou or open one of our HTML emails, we may automatically record certain information from your web browser by using different types of technology, including "clear gifs" or "web beacons." This "automatically collected" information may include Internet Protocol address ("IP Address") or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after Ilikeyou, the pages you view on Ilikeyou, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use Ilikeyou.

Information from Other Sources: We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than Ilikeyou, such as other users who send messages to you through Ilikeyou, or third party service providers who you use to access features of Ilikeyou, such as purchasing in-game virtual goods. By using Apps offered by Ilikeyou on Facebook, Ilikeyou will have access to your Facebook profile information that your Facebook privacy settings are configured to expose to Facebook apps, and user activity within some Facebook applications. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through Ilikeyou, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

The Way Ilikeyou Uses Information:  
Ilikeyou uses the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on Ilikeyou. We will use your email address to contact you for administrative purposes, for customer service purposes, to address intellectual property infringement, rights of privacy, or defamation issues, or any regarding content that you have posted to Ilikeyou.

Ilikeyou uses all of the information that you provide or that we collect and/or aggregate to understand and analyze the usage trends, interests, and preferences of our users, to improve the way Ilikeyou works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.

Various aspects of Ilikeyou, such as content on the Ilikeyou Site and in the Apps, and email messages we send you in connection with your use of Ilikeyou, may include relevant advertisements which may be selected based in part on your demographic information, interests, preferences, and usage patterns within Ilikeyou.

Ilikeyou may use "automatically collected" information and "cookies" information to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit Ilikeyou; (b) provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Ilikeyou and third party marketing activities; (d) monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, Apps accessed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.

Ilikeyou may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send promotional email related to Ilikeyou we think you may be interested in. You will have the ability to opt-out of receiving any such communications, either through links provided in the messages, or by updating your profile.

When Ilikeyou Discloses Information:  
Your privacy is very important to us, and we are not in the business of selling your information.

Ilikeyou makes certain automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information available to interested third parties, including premium subscribers, to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through Ilikeyou.

Ilikeyou works with third party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, and maintenance as well as other services for us. To the extent it is necessary for these service providers to complete their contractual obligations to Ilikeyou, these third parties may have access to or process your personally identifiable information. Generally, these disclosures are made under terms comparable to this policy, and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided.

Ilikeyou may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.

Ilikeyou also reserves the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect Ilikeyou and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of Ilikeyou; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Ilikeyou, our users, or others.

Your Choices:  
You may, of course, decline to share certain personally identifiable information with Ilikeyou, in which case Ilikeyou may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on Ilikeyou. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page through Ilikeyou. Please note that while your changes may be reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics.

To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

Third Party Services:  
Ilikeyou contains links to Web sites and services provided by third parties. Any personally identifiable information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies governing privacy and security. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links are displayed on Ilikeyou. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.

Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy:  
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Ilikeyou does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years-of-age, and no part of Ilikeyou is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access Ilikeyou at any time or in any manner. If Ilikeyou learns that personally identifiable information of children under the age of 13 has been collected on Ilikeyou without verifiable parental consent, then Ilikeyou will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.

Our Commitment to Data Security:  
Ilikeyou uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Ilikeyou, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Ilikeyou makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If Ilikeyou learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Ilikeyou may post a notice through Ilikeyou if a security breach occurs.

In the Event of Merger or Sale:  
In the event that all or a portion of Ilikeyou or its assets is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy: Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy, which may be revised periodically at Ilikeyou’ sole discretion, as provided in Section 9.a) of the Ilikeyou Terms of Use. If we modify the Privacy Policy, we will make it available through Ilikeyou, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access Ilikeyou for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through Ilikeyou, except that (i) we generally only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received that personal information and (ii) if you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account ceasing use of Ilikeyou. Your continued use of Ilikeyou after revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.

Ilikeyou Contact Information:  
Please contact Ilikeyou with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email: info@ilikeyou.com. 
