> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quadriot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071219213130id_/http%3A//www.quadriot.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - QuadRiot

**Privacy Policy Summary Statement**  
In the paragraphs below, we have set forth Quadriot's commitment to protect your privacy. In brief, we will not disclose your personal information to any other person or company without your express consent. From time to time, we may partner with another company to bring you some service that we could not provide on our own. In such cases, we will explicitly ask you whether we can disclose your information to that other company before doing so, and we will not disclose any information about you until you have proactively stated that the information can be disclosed. The only exception to this rule is that Quadriot may disclose user information in cases where we believe that it is required to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Quadriot's rights or property, other Quadriot users, or anyone else. In all other cases, we will not disclose any of your personal information and will use any data collected only in aggregate. Please read the paragraphs below for a more thorough account of our privacy policies. 

**The Internet, Privacy, and Quadriot**  
The Internet is a communications medium the likes of which we have never seen before. Unfortunately, sometimes this medium communicates things about you that you don't want everyone else to know, for instance, personal details like your real name, phone number, or email address. Many sites gather information about you without your knowledge. At Quadriot we strive to help people protect their privacy while using our site. 

**Quadriot's Privacy Policy**  
Quadriot's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users and to be completely open about any information we collect and how it is used. On certain occasions, Quadriot may request personal information such as your name, email address, or birth date. Quadriot collects this information in order to verify compliance with Quadriot's policies as well as federal, state and local laws and/or to get feedback. Quadriot may share aggregate information about our audience with advertisers, partners, sponsors or other third parties. For example, we may say Quadriot's audience is x percent females and y percent males. This data will not uniquely identify any users and is used to tailor Quadriot's content and advertising to our users. Quadriot may disclose user information in cases where we believe that it is required to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Quadriot's rights or property, other Quadriot users, or anyone else. Quadriot may disclose user information if we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Changed your mind about disclosing some information or had some personal information (such as your email) change? Contacting Tech Support at techsupport@Quadriot.com to have a correction made. 

**Policies for Lil' Tykes (Individuals Under 15 years of Age)**  
No information should be submitted to or posted at Quadriot by guests under 15 years of age. 

**Use of IP Address**  
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. If you're plugged into your campus network, your IP address will often remain constant even after you turn off your computer. On some networks, you will be given a new IP address every time you log onto the internet. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Quadriot monitors IP addresses for system administration, to report aggregate information to our partners, and to audit the use of our site. When guests request pages from Quadriot, our servers log the guests' IP addresses. Because we do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, you will remain anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce our house rules or to protect our service, site, users or others. Some services within Quadriot, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. Please review each service prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable with sharing. If you have disclosed information in error and you wish to retract it, email techsupport@Quadriot.com. 

**Use of Cookies**  
What are cookies? Cookies are small data files that a Web site transfers to an individual's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow you to save your preferences while you're at our site. We do not save passwords or any other sensitive information in cookies. Quadriot has two primary uses for its cookies. First, we use them to specify unique preferences. Secondly, we use cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of Quadriot that our users find valuable. Many of the upgrades to the site and new features are based upon data such as the number of visitors and pages viewed in different sections of our site--information which is most easily tracked with cookies. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to Quadriot always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies when you install them. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some parts of Quadriot will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Quadriot does not control these cookies. 

**Third Party Advertising**  
Some ads appearing on Quadriot are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners. Information about your visit to these sites, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you. 

**Links to Other Sites**  
Users should be aware that when you are on Quadriot, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Quadriot pages that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. 

**General Caution**  
Keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online -- for example, via message boards, in your profile, in your blog, or chat -- that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While Quadriot strives to protect its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. Quadriot's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Quadriot's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. 

**Security**  
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Quadriot can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Your Quadriot Account is password protected so that only you can access it and view the member information relevant to the account. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Quadriot will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Remember to logout of your Quadriot account and close your browser window when you have finished using the site. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others or if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or computer center. 

**Your Acceptance of These Terms**  
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Quadriot Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the Quadriot sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. 
