> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the quakeroats.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100522011550id_/http%3A//www.quakeroats.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | QuakerOats.com

Effective Date: January 5, 2009

The web site you have entered is operated by or on behalf of The Quaker Oats Company ("Quaker"). This Privacy Policy outlines Quaker's information practices with respect to the web sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted (the "Site"). This Policy applies only to this Site, it does not apply to information we may collect in other forums, including offline, on other web sites we may host, from email messages, or through banners, sweepstakes, or other advertisements or promotions that we may sponsor or participate in, including those offered on web sites owned by third parties. 

By using this Site, you signify that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use this Site or provide any personal information to us. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is January 5, 2009. From time to time, this Site may change, and/or our practices with respect to how we collect, use or otherwise treat personally identifiable information may change. We reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at our discretion. We will post any changes to this Policy or any new policy here and we encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. If there is any material change in the type of information we collect or way in which we use such information, we will comply with any applicable laws with respect to notifying you of those changes, or where legally necessary, obtaining your consent to those changes. 

**The Information We Collect and How We Use It**  
At this Site we collect some personally identifying information, including for example, name, address, and email address for website registration, email address for newsletter sign ups, and name, email address, and friend's email address for our send-a-friend feature. We may collect additional information, for example your date of birth or your product preferences, whether during website registration or if you elect to participate in a sweepstakes, contest, game, survey, questionnaire or other promotion we may offer. 

**Purposes of Use**  
We use information collected on this Site for the reasons disclosed at the time of collection, to respond to your request, and for our other legitimate business purposes. From time to time we may combine the information you have provided with other information we have received about you, and use this information to better understand our customers, and the products and services in which they are interested. To the extent that you have provided us with contact information on this Site, we will use that information to send you materials you might have requested, as well as other information about us, our products and services, or other products and services in which we believe you may be interested. By providing us with information on this Site, you are authorizing us to use that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

**Sharing Information**  
This Site contains many interactive features that allows you to submit content and comments that will be publicly posted on the Site. You should use these features with caution, and keep in mind that information you submit through those features may be posted publicly for anyone to see. For more information about using the features (and the terms that apply to your use of the features), please read our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use.aspx). 

In the course of doing business, we employ other companies to perform a variety of functions on our behalf and will share with them personally identifiable information about Site visitors so that they can fulfill their obligations to us. These companies perform various functions for us, such as hosting our databases or websites, sending email blasts, delivering products or services, or helping us analyze our customers' preferences and improve our products. We may also disclose your personal information (a) if we believe we are required to do so by law (for example if we are served with a search warrant, subpoena or court order); (b) to a third party to which ownership of Quaker is transferred via an acquisition, merger, sale of assets or otherwise; (c) if we believe it is necessary to protect our company, or parent or affiliated companies, or a Site user; (d) to our affiliated or related companies; and (e) to our trusted business partners in whose products or services we believe you may be interested or with whom we may be offering a joint promotion or have some other co-branded relationship. 

We also may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. For example, we may tell a business partner the number of men and the number of women that entered a contest.. 

**Send A Friend Features**  
Information about third parties that you might submit, for example in our send-a-friend feature, which allows you to send an email or message to a friend through our web servers, will be used to only for the purpose specified at the time of collection (for example, to deliver the email message). We will only re-contact that person if you request, if they have an existing business relationship with us, or if they otherwise contact us. 

**Cookies and Other Passive Tracking Mechanisms**  
You may have heard of "cookies," which are small files or pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive when you visit a web site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most web sites. Quaker may use cookies or other passive tracking mechanisms like web beacons to collect information during your visit to our web sites, such as the particular site areas you visit, the activities in which you participate at our web sites, your IP address (a number assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Internet), the type of Internet browser you are using, and the type of computer operating system you are using. We may combine non-personal information collected automatically (through cookies) with voluntarily-submitted, personally identifiable information. This practice allows Quaker to keep track of items such as sweepstakes participation, email and advertising interaction levels, survey responses, online coupon redemption and other web activity in order to better tailor our web sites and our products to your interests and needs. Passive tracking technologies may also be used to help speed up your future activities at our web sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Refusal of cookies at the site you entered may result in an inability to visit certain areas of the web sites or to receive personalized information when you visit the web sites. 

**Information Preferences and Contacting Quaker**  
To opt out of receiving marketing email messages from us, you can follow the opt out instructions to any marketing email you receive from us, or you can send an opt out request to beth_porter@quakeroats.com. To manage your preferences about what types of information you receive, log into your account and go to the "My Profile" page. For other questions, please contact us at: Quaker Oats Company, Attn. Privacy Inquiries, P.O. Box 049003, Chicago, IL 60604-9003; (312) 821-1000; or beth_porter@quakeroats.com.. 

**Security**  
We take commercially reasonable precautions to keep your personally identifying information secure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk. 

**Children on Our Site**  
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 on this Site, do not direct this site to children under 13, and do not believe that our Site is appealing to children in that age group. If you are a parent and believe your child has provided us with information, please contact us at beth_porter@quakeroats.com. Parents, we encourage you to supervise your children's use of the Internet, and suggest that you read <http://www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy/> to learn more about how to protect your children online. 

**Links to Third Party Web Sites**  
Users should be aware that when you are on this web site you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other web sites that include links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use the Quaker family of brand or logos. These other web sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. Always be aware of where you are surfing on the Web. Check the linked site to locate and review its privacy policy, which may be different from this Privacy Policy. Quaker does not endorse and makes no guarantee or representation as to the sufficiency, accuracy or completeness of the content or privacy policy of any third-party web site to which you may be linked from this site. 

**Important Note Regarding U.S. Law**  
The laws and regulations in different countries impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and data protection. We are located in the USA, as are this Site's servers. All matters relating to this Site are governed by the laws of the State of New York in the USA. If you are located outside of the United States, including in a member state of the European Union, and you use this Site and submit information on this Site, any information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer and understand that the information you provide will be protected as provided for under U.S. law, not the law of your home country. 
