> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qualcomm.co.in privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120611151256id_/http%3A//www.qualcomm.co.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Site Information | Qualcomm

In this Website Privacy Statement (“statement”), we, Qualcomm Incorporated and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personally identifiable data from you, a website visitor, through [www.qualcomm.com](http://www.qualcomm.com/ "www.qualcomm.com") and other websites that we operate and on which we post a direct link to this statement (collectively the "site").

This statement covers only data collected through the site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other webpages to which we link or data that we or our affiliates collect offline or through websites, products or services that do not display a direct link to this statement. Occasionally, we may refer to this statement in notices and consent requests related to surveys and special-purpose webpages, for example, our Careers webpages; under such circumstances, this statement applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).

Our Safe Harbour Certification covers offline and human resources data, but not data submitted through the site, as further explained in our General EEA Safe Harbour Notice. Some of our business units and webpages apply this statement subject to specifically disclosed modifications, supplements or exceptions.

_Information you submit._  When you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, respond to an online survey or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s) and certain information related to the business you represent. In connection with chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification information). In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the site, because you actively submit it.

_Information we automatically collect._  As part of the standard operation of the site, we may collect information from your computer or mobile device, including but not limited to your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site, and if you are accessing our site with your mobile device, type of mobile device. In addition, we may collect information about how you use our site, such as the date and time you visit the site, the areas or pages of the site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the site, the number of times you return to the site and other click-stream data.

_Cookies and web beacons._  We may use cookies to collect the information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access the site. We may also use cookies to: (1) provide you with customised content or offers on the site; (2) monitor site usage; (3) remember you when you return to the site; and (4) conduct research to improve our content and services.

We may also allow other companies such as web analytics partners, advertisers, or ad networks to set or access their cookies or web beacons (also referred to as 1x1 pixel.gifs or action tags) on the site. For example, we may use third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet or to display ads for other companies on our site. These third-party advertising companies employ cookies and web Beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients, including us. To do so, these companies may use information about your visits to our site and other websites. This information may include: date/time of banner ad shown, their cookie, and the first three octets of the IP address. This anonymous information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. These third parties may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

We use the data we collect for the following general purposes:

  * To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information, or your request to subscribe to a service we offer; 
  * To administer, protect and improve our site and our systems; 
  * To better understand the preferences of our site visitors; 
  * To identify server problems;
  * To compile aggregated statistics about site usage; 
  * To help personalise your experience of our site;
  * To improve our products and services and other internal business purposes; 
  * To provide you with information about our technologies, product or service releases, news and other communications; 
  * To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data that we collect, and;
  * Any other use we describe at the point where we collect the data 



The site may provide interactive features (such as forums) that allow you to disclose information directly to other users. Your participation in such interactive features is completely voluntary and Qualcomm assumes no obligations or responsibility with respect to the information you provide or share through such interactive features. To participate in these interactive features, we may require you to register with us and provide certain information such as your name, company name, email address, location, phone number and desired display name (which may be viewable by other users of the interactive features). We may use the information you provide during the registration process for analytical and development purposes (such as to make product or service enhancements) and to enable you to use the interactive features and to manage your account. You may also personalise our interactive features by voluntarily providing additional information such as your location, instant message contact information, website address, occupation and other information. Our interactive features may also allow you to upload an avatar or other graphical representation of yourself. If you voluntarily provide such additional information, it may be viewable by other users of the interactive features - so you should not provide information you do not want other users to see.

We keep data in California and the Qualcomm group of companies also has servers, contractors and employees around the world in various locations, including, without limitation, other parts of the United States of America, Asia and the European Economic Area.

We are not in the business of selling or renting your information to telemarketers and do not share your personally identifiable information with others, except as follows: We freely share your information within the Qualcomm group of companies. We also share your information with agents and service providers who use the data only on our behalf. Portions of our site may offer services or information specific to identified partners or customers (such as training services for customers) and in such cases, we may share your personal information and activities on our site with the identified partners or customers for their business use. We may also share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others' legal rights, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganisation of all or parts of our business. Also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the site that is not in personally identifiable form.

In connection with promotions or other projects, we may ask you specifically whether you have objections against a certain kind of data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision. To opt-out of receiving further commercial email or to unsubscribe from services, please notify us by emailing [feedback-privacy@qualcomm.com](mailto:feedback-privacy@qualcomm.com). Please note that our affiliates and other data recipients have their own data privacy policies, which may differ from ours and you would have to contact them separately with respect to opt-out requests.

If personal information you have submitted through the site is no longer accurate, current or complete, and you wish to update it, please submit your changes at [feedback-privacy@qualcomm.com](mailto:feedback-privacy@qualcomm.com). Upon appropriate request we will usually be glad to update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use information obtained previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate.

Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. It is your responsibility to safeguard any password and User ID you use to access the site and to notify us by emailing [feedback-privacy@qualcomm.com](mailto:feedback-privacy@qualcomm.com) if you ever suspect that this password or User ID has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorised use of the site conducted via your password and User ID.

The site is intended for adults in the United States. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect, personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and we request that individuals under the age of 13 not submit any personal information on the site.

This statement is effective as of 20 September 2007. We reserve the right to change this statement from time to time and in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the statement the date it was last updated. When you visit the site, you are accepting the current version of this statement as posted on the site at that time. We recommend that users revisit this statement on occasion to learn of any changes.

Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this statement by sending us an email to privacy [at] qualcomm [dot] com or write to us at Qualcomm Incorporated, 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, CA 92121.

Last revised: 13 October 2011
