> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qualcommventures.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130922044345id_/http%3A//www.qualcomm.com/site/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Site Information | Qualcomm

## You are here

In this Website Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we, Qualcomm Incorporated and our subsidiaries, provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personally identifiable data from you, a web site visitor, through [www.qualcomm.com](http://www.qualcomm.com/), and other web sites that we operate and on which we post a direct link to this Policy (collectively the "Site").

This Policy covers only data collected through the Site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our subsidiaries collect offline or through web sites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Policy. Occasionally, we may refer to this Policy in notices and consent requests related to surveys and special-purpose web pages, for example, our Careers web pages; under such circumstances, this Policy applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).

We comply with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We certify that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

_Information you submit._ When you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, respond to an online survey or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent. In connection with chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification information). In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the site, because you actively submit it.

_Information we automatically collect._ As part of the standard operation of the Site, we may collect information from your computer or mobile device, including but not limited to your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site, and if you are accessing our site with your mobile device, type of mobile device. In addition, we may collect information about how you use our Site, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site and other click-stream data.

_Cookies._ We may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect the information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access the site. We may also use cookies to: (1) provide you with customized content or offers on the site; (2) monitor site usage; (3) remember you when you return to the site; and (4) conduct research to improve our content and services.

We may also allow other companies such as web analytics partners, advertisers, or ad networks to set or access their cookies or web beacons (also referred to as 1x1 pixel.gifs or action tags) on the site. For example, we may use third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet or to display ads for other companies on our site. These third-party advertising companies employ cookies and web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients, including us. To do so, these companies may use information about your visits to our site and other websites. This information may include: date/time of banner ad shown, their cookie, and the first three octets of the IP address. This anonymous information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. These third parties may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

For further information, please see our [Cookie Policy](http://www.qualcomm.com/cookie-policy).

We use the data we collect for the following general purposes:

  * To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information, or your request to subscribe to a service we offer;
  * To administer, protect and improve our Site and our systems;
  * To better understand the preferences of our Site visitors;
  * To identify server problems;
  * To compile aggregated statistics about Site usage;
  * To help personalize your experience of our Site;
  * To improve our products and services and other internal business purposes;
  * To provide you with information about our technologies, product or service releases, news, and other communications;
  * To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data that we collect, and;
  * Any other use we describe at the point where we collect the data



The Site may provide interactive features (such as forums) that allow you to disclose information directly to other users. Your participation in such interactive features is completely voluntary and Qualcomm assumes no obligations or responsibility with respect to the information you provide or share through such interactive features. To participate in these interactive features, we may require you to register with us and provide certain information such as your name, company name, email address, location, phone number, and desired display name (which may be viewable by other users of the interactive features). We may use the information you provide during the registration process for analytical and development purposes (such as to make product or service enhancements) and to enable you to use the interactive features and to manage your account. You may also personalize our interactive features by voluntarily providing additional information such as your location, instant message contact information, web site address, occupation, and other information. Our interactive features may also allow you to upload an avatar or other graphical representation of yourself. If you voluntarily provide such additional information, it may be viewable by other users of the interactive features - so you should not provide information you do not want other users to see.

We keep data in California and the Qualcomm group of companies also has servers, contractors and employees around in world in various locations, including, without limitation, other parts of the United States of America, Asia and the European Economic Area.

We do not share your personally identifiable information with others, except as follows: We freely share your information within the Qualcomm group of companies, except for personal data transferred from the European Economic Area and Switzerland, which we only share with our subsidiaries that process data on our behalf unless we transfer the personal data using other legal mechanisms (e.g., consent). We also share your information with third parties who process the data on our behalf for the purposes set forth in this Policy. Portions of our Site may offer services or information specific to identified partners or customers (such as training services for customers) and in such cases, we may share your personal information and activities on our Site with the identified partners or customers for their business use. We may also share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others' legal rights, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. Finally, we may also share your personal information where you have granted us permission, and we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the Site that is not in personally identifiable form.

In connection with promotions or other projects, we may ask you specifically whether you have objections against a certain kind of data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision. To opt-out of receiving further commercial email or to unsubscribe from services, please notify us through <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm>. Please note that our affiliates and other data recipients have their own data privacy policies, which may differ from ours and you would have to contact them separately with respect to opt-out requests.

If personal information you have submitted through the Site is no longer accurate, current, or complete, and you wish to update it, please submit your changes at <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm>. Upon appropriate request we will usually be glad to update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use information obtained previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate.

Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. It is your responsibility to safeguard any password and User ID you use to access the site and to notify us through <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm> if you ever suspect that this password or User ID has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the site conducted via your password and User ID.

The site is intended for adults. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect, personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and we request that individuals under the age of 13 not submit any personal information on the site.

As part of our participation in Safe Harbor, we have agreed to TRUSTe's dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Framework. If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with Safe Harbor you should first contact us (as provided below). If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by [Internet](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request), fax to 415-520-3420, or [mail](http://www.truste.com/about-TRUSTe/contact-us) to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe’s dispute resolution process, click [ here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request), or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above. For human resources data we have agreed to cooperate with data protection authorities.

We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time and in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. When you visit the Site, you are accepting the current version of this Policy as posted on the Site at that time. We recommend that users revisit this Policy on occasion to learn of any changes.

Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this Policy. Click here to access our [Privacy Policy Inquiry](https://web.archive.org/site/privacy-policy-inquiry) form, or write to us at Qualcomm Incorporated, 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, CA 92121.

Effective date: March 27, 2013
