> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qualcomm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110611062547id_/http%3A//www.qualcomm.com/corporate_information/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Site Information | Qualcomm

In this Web Site Privacy Statement (“statement”), we, Qualcomm Incorporated and our affiliates in the Qualcomm group of companies (including, without limitation, FLO TV Incorporated, Qualcomm Flarion Technologies, Inc., Qualcomm MEMS Technologies, Inc. and Qualcomm Innovation Center, Inc.), provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personally identifiable data from you, a web site visitor, through [www.qualcomm.com](http://www.qualcomm.com/ "www.qualcomm.com"), [www.flotv.com](http://www.flotv.com/ "www.flotv.com") and other web sites that we operate and on which we post a direct link to this statement (collectively the "site").

This statement covers only data collected through the site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our affiliates collect offline or through web sites that do not display a direct link to this statement. Occasionally, we may refer to this statement in notices and consent requests related to surveys and special-purpose web pages, for example, our [Careers](https://jobs.qualcomm.com/public/privacy.xhtml) web pages; under such circumstances, this statement applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).

Our Safe Harbor Certification covers offline and human resources data, but not data submitted through the site, as further explained in our [General EEA Safe Harbor Notice](https://web.archive.org/site/eea-safe-harbor). Some of our business units and web pages apply this statement subject to specifically disclosed modifications, supplements or exceptions.

When you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, respond to an online survey or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent. In connection with chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification information). In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the site, because you actively submit it.

When you visit the site, we automatically receive and record information from your computer and Internet connection, such as the IP address of your computer and/or Internet service provider, the date and time you access our web sites, the Internet address of web sites from which you link to our site, the computer technology you are using and your movements and preferences on our site. We use technology that many other web sites employ, including, without limitation, “cookies” or small data files stored on your computer's hard drive, to collect information such as the aforementioned. In some instances, we also use cookies to collect information in connection with future visits from that site, to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on our site. You do not need to have cookies turned on to participate in our surveys or to visit our site. You can refuse cookies by turning them off on your browser.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to combine the various types of data that we collect.

We use the data we collect for the following general purposes:

  * To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information, or your request to subscribe to a service we offer;
  * To administer, protect and improve our site and our systems;
  * To better understand the preferences of our site visitors;
  * To identify server problems;
  * To compile aggregated statistics about site usage;
  * To help personalize your experience of our site;
  * To improve our products and services and other internal business purposes; and  
To inform you about our products and services.



The site may provide interactive features (such as forums) that allow you to disclose information directly to other users. Your participation in such interactive features is completely voluntary and Qualcomm assumes no obligations or responsibility with respect to the information you provide or share through such interactive features. To participate in these interactive features, we may require you to register with us and provide certain information such as your name, company name, email address, location, phone number, and desired display name (which may be viewable by other users of the interactive features). We may use the information you provide during the registration process for analytical and development purposes (such as to make product or service enhancements) and to enable you to use the interactive features and to manage your account. You may also personalize our interactive features by voluntarily providing additional information such as your location, instant message contact information, web site address, occupation, and other information. Our interactive features may also allow you to upload an avatar or other graphical representation of yourself. If you voluntarily provide such additional information, it may be viewable by other users of the interactive features - so you should not provide information you do not want other users to see.

We keep data in California and the Qualcomm group of companies also has servers, contractors and employees around in world in various locations, including, without limitation, other parts of the United States of America, Asia and the European Economic Area.

We are not in the business of selling or renting your information to telemarketers and do not share your personally identifiable information with others, except as follows: We freely share your information within the Qualcomm group of companies. We also share your information with agents and service providers who use the data only on our behalf and for our purposes under confidentiality agreements. We may share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others' legal rights, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. Also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the site that is not in personally identifiable form.

In connection with promotions or other projects, we may ask you specifically whether you have objections against a certain kind of data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision. To opt-out of receiving further commercial email or to unsubscribe from services, please notify us through <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm>. Please note that our affiliates and other data recipients have their own data privacy policies, which may differ from ours and you would have to contact them separately with respect to opt-out requests. 

If personal information you have submitted through the site is no longer accurate, current, or complete, and you wish to update it, please submit your changes at <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm>. Upon appropriate request we will usually be glad to update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use information obtained previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate.

Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. It is your responsibility to safeguard any password and User ID you use to access the site and to notify us through <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm> if you ever suspect that this password or User ID has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the site conducted via your password and User ID. 

The site is intended for adults in the United States. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect, personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and we request that individuals under the age of 13 not submit any personal information on the Site.

This statement is effective as of September 20, 2007. We reserve the right to change this statement from time to time and in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the statement the date it was last updated. When you visit the site, you are accepting the current version of this statement as posted on the site at that time. We recommend that users revisit this statement on occasion to learn of any changes.

Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this statement. You may submit inquiry using the form at <http://www.qualcomm.com/feedback.htm> or write to us at Qualcomm Incorporated, 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, CA 92121.

**Last revised:** March 18, 2009
