> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the engelvoelkers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141211115547id_/http%3A//www.engelvoelkers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Engel & Völkers

## Data Protection Declaration

By using our website, you expressly consent to the storage and use of your data described in this declaration. Your data will be used for the purposes described in detail below.  
 

## IP Addresses

IP addresses are required for problem diagnoses, website administration and demographic information. When you visit our site, we recognize only your domain name, but not your e-mail address. We only see your e-mail address if you directly give it to us by filling out a form or sending an e-mail.  
 

## Cookies

Cookies are used for personalized content, to avoid repeated password entry or to adjust the information offer to user behavior.  
 

## User registration

Our site contains forms which you can fill out to request information. When you register, we will forward the information requested.

## E-mail Addresses

****If you provide us with your e-mail address, we will communicate with you via e-mail. We will not pass on your e-mail address to third parties outside of Engel & Völkers. If you no longer wish to receive e-mails from us, you can cancel this at any time.

## Links to Other Sites

****Our website has links to other sites of third party providers. Engel & Völkers is not responsible for the data protection measures or contents of other websites.  
 

## Opting out

****If you no longer wish to receive e-mails from Engel & Völkers, you can revoke the previously granted permission at any time. E-mail notification suffices for removal from the e-mail list or web registration database  
 

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

   
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: [Disable Google Analytics](https://web.archive.org/web/20141211115547id_/http://www.engelvoelkers.com/privacy-policy/%E2%80%9Djavascript:gaOptout\(\)%E2%80%9D)

   
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or at <https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/>. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).  
 

We utilize the remarketing function of Google to publish our advertisements. This allows us to display our advertisements within the Google Display network to just those Internet users that have visited our website. However, in order to utilize this function we have to use small text files called cookies. These are saved on your computer, but they do not contain any kind of personal information. These cookies are used by the Google Display network to deliver our advertisements to you in the form of text or image ads. You do have the possibility to deactivate cookies used for advertising purposes. This is possible with the help of the Ad Preference manager of Google or, alternatively, via the deactivation page of the Network Advertising Initiative. Further details can be found here: [https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?ref_topic=2611283&hl=en-GB](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?ref_topic=2611283&hl=en-GB)“

## Social Media Plugins

****Engel & Völkers uses on its website Social Media Plug-Ins (“plugins”) of the social media networks Facebook, Google +, Pinterest and Twitter.

## Facebook

The Engel & Völkers website uses social plugins (“plugins”) of the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). These plugins are marked with a Facebook logo.

If the customer accesses an Engel & Völkers website that contains such a plugin, the customer’s browser will establish a direct connection to the Facebook servers. Facebook transmits the contents of the plugin directly to the customer’s browser where it is integrated into the website.

The plugin integration provides Facebook with the information that the customer has accessed the corresponding page of the Engel & Völkers website. If the customer is logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign the customer’s visit to the customer’s Facebook account.

If the customer interacts with the plugins, for example by using the “Like” button or leaving a comment, the browser transmits the corresponding information directly to Facebook where it is saved. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as related rights and settings available to customers to protect their privacy can be found in the Facebook privacy policies.

If the customer does not want Facebook to collect data in the aforementioned way, the customer must log out of his/her Facebook account before visiting the Engel & Völkers website.

## Google+

Engel & Völkers uses plug-ins operated by the social network “Google+”. These programs are exclusively operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, (“Google”). The plugins is made clearly visible on our website through the add-on “+1” on white or colored background.

When clicking on named plugin, your browser will establish a direct link with the servers operated by Google+; as a result the content of the plugin will be transferred to your browser and embedded in the website being shown.

The fact that you have visited our website will be passed on to Google. In the case that you visit our website whilst you are signed into your Google+ user account, Google+ can assign your visit to our website to your user account. Information arising from interaction with the Google+ plugins (such as by clicking the “+1” button or by leaving a comment) will be directly transferred to and stored by Google. Engel & Völkers has no impact upon the data Google collects with named plugin.

To prevent this you must log out of your Google+ account before visiting our website.

Please refer to Google+’s privacy policy

<http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html>

for more information on: the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis undertaken by Google+, your rights, how to modify settings and how to protect your privacy.

## Twitter

Furthermore, Engel & Völkers uses the plugins Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (hereinafter “Twitter” called). These are recognizable by the Twitter logo, a blue bird on a light background.

By including the “Tweet” button, Twitter receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. You are logged in to Twitter, Twitter can assign your visit to your Twitter account.

When selecting the Tweet button, a connection to a Twitter server is made by Twitter. If you are logged in to Twitter, you can now directly “tweet” our link.

More information about the function and handling of your data and their further use by Twitter, please see Twitter´s privacy information at: <http://twitter.com/privacy>

## Pinterest

Engel & Völkers also uses the “Pin It” button of the social media network “Pinterest”, which is operated by the Pinterest, Inc., 808 Brannan St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (hereinafter “Pinterest” called).

By including the “Pin it” button Pinterest receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged on Pinterest, Pinterest can additionally assign your visit to your Pinterest account.

The data sent by clicking the “Pin it” buttons will be saved by Pinterest. If you want to prevent this you have to log out from your Pinterest account before clicking on the “Pin it” button.

Information upon the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of that data through Pinterest as well as your options and rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy can be retrieved from Pinterests privacy policy at <http://pinterest.com/about/privacy/>.

## Information and questions

****If you have any questions about this data protection declaration, for instance regarding inspection or updating of your personal data, please write to the following address:

Engel & Völkers IT und Media GmbH  
Stadthausbrücke 5  
D-20355 Hamburg

or send an e-mail to: [hotline@engelvoelkers.com](mailto:hotline@engelvoelkers.com "Engel & Völkers - Privacy police - hotline@engelvoelkers.com")
