> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the englishcentral.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100103003209id_/http%3A//englishcentral.com/en/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - EnglishCentral.com

This Privacy Policy governs EnglishCentral.com's ("EnglishCentral") treatment of personally identifiable information that EnglishCentral collects when you use the EnglishCentral.com webWebSite (the "WebSite"), when you share information about yourself on the WebSite as well as when you provide information to us in any medium. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to [EnglishCentral's Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/en/static/terms). Each time that you use the WebSite and the services available to you on the WebSite ("Services"), you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the WebSite and terminate your registration with us. The WebSite is owned by BabelCentral, Inc. d/b/a EnglishCentral.com. All references to EnglishCentral or EnglishCentral.com will be deemed to include BabelCentral, Inc.

## INFORMATION WE COLLECT

_User Provided Information_. EnglishCentral collects personal information from you when you register on the WebSite, update your profile, and use various features of the WebSite. To register with EnglishCentral, you must provide a user name, password, native language, countryand email address and other information.. Once you are a registered user of EnglishCentral you will be given the option to add additional personal information about you to your profile. By enabling the invisible mode you can limit what information will be viewed by others. In invisible mode you will be able to send messages to other users, chat with other users, and view and post comments and messages, but other users will only be able to view your user name and country flag. They will not be able to view other information in your profile. However, while in invisible mode you cannot invite other users to join your circle of friends, and they cannot invite you to join theirs. You can enable or disable the invisible mode at any time. To do this, just click on the "My EnglishCentral" link listed throughout the WebSite and then click on "My Account" to select or unselect the preference for "invisible mode". However, enabling invisible mode will not affect information that had been previously posted. Any previously posted information may still be visible to other users. Also, disabling invisible mode will make information about your previous activity on the WebSite, even while you were in invisible mode, available to other users. Be aware that whether you are in invisible mode or not, if you choose to make public posts, submit a comment, or chat, then any personal information you actively include in such submissions, and certain basic profile data that cannot be hidden, such as your username and your country flag, will still be accessible to all registered users and any visitors to the WebSite. By posting a profile or disclosing personal information in our online forums, directly to users in chat rooms or through messages, or otherwise, your information is made public and you should not expect any privacy in such an environment. We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the WebSite, including content you view linked from the WebSite and EnglishCentral points that you have earned, which will also be displayed on the WebSite. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information, and we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes and promotions offered on the WebSite. We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties, including verification services, data services, as well as public sources. We use this information to continually offer you the most value as a user of the WebSite.

_Tracking Technology_. EnglishCentral logs IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the WebSite. We may track your movement within the WebSite, the third-party webWebSite pages from which you were referred, your use of the media player, access times and browser types. We use this information to gauge the effectiveness of our WebSite, track information for statistical purposes and to improve the products and services we provide. We store information that we collect through cookies, log files and other tracking technology such as clear gifs. We use cookies on the WebSite. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our WebSite. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Persistent cookies are used to differentiate visitors of the WebSite from registered users, to customize the content of certain sections of the WebSite and to enable us to track and cater to the interests of users, in order to enhance their experience on the WebSite. If you reject cookies, you may still use the WebSite, but your ability to use some areas of the WebSite may be limited and you may not be able to use certain features of the WebSite.

_Supplemental Information_. We may supplement the information you provide us by acquiring commercially available demographic and marketing information from third parties, for instance, to update your information and to create a profile of your preferences. We may tie your personally identifiable information to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the WebSite for you or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you.

_Third Party Links_. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us on the WebSite and collected when you subscribe to or use the EnglishCentral Service or purchase products from us. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the WebSite and to read the privacy statements of other webWebSites you visit that collect personally identifiable information.

_Advertisements_. We may from time to time use various outside ad-serving companies and affiliates to serve advertisements on the WebSite. In the process of serving advertisements, the ad serving companies may place a cookie in your browser's cookie file and may use information about your visits to the WebSite and other webWebSites in order to provide advertisements on the WebSite about products and services that may be of interest to you. By delivering ads on the WebSite, the ad-server is able to record what ads a user -- identified by the unique cookie -- has seen, and what pages the user was viewing when the ads were delivered. This web usage information is combined with other ad delivery information the ad-server has collected from your visits to the WebSite and other webWebSites not affiliated with EnglishCentral. This non-personally identifiable information is used as part of the ad-serving process for reporting and to select and direct the ads you see online at the WebSite and other webWebSites not affiliated with EnglishCentral.

_Surveys or Promotions_. From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions promoted on the WebSite, which might be sponsored or conducted by EnglishCentral or by a third party. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these promotions is completely voluntary and you will have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information. If there is a third party sponsor involved please make sure to review that third party's privacy policy.

## USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

_When you Register_. When you register with EnglishCentral, you can create your own profile. If your profile is visible, your profile information, as well as your screen name, activities, and picture are displayed to other registered users as well as visitors to the WebSite. Your real name is never displayed on the WebSite (unless you use it as your screen name). You can choose to allow others to search for you by using your profile name or most other information you have entered in your profile if you choose to make your profile visible.

Please be aware that certain personal profile information is displayed for all users and cannot be hidden. Specifically, even if your profile is invisible, your screen name and country flag entered on your profile are always displayed on the WebSite and therefore, are viewable by all users if you post a comment or participate in chat or message boards. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the WebSite, it may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a registered user of the WebSite and potentially for some time period after your account is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices.

_User Content Posted Online_. As a registered user, you can share personal content, such as videos, journals and photos. Please be aware that by using any of these features, your personally identifiable information may be accessible to other users and visitors to the WebSite, and EnglishCentral has no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the public and private forums and interactive areas on our WebSite. Please review our Terms of Use for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas.

_Our Use_. We receive and store any personal information you enter on the WebSite or give to us voluntarily in any other way and may use it to contact you from time to time. Specifically, by registering on the WebSite, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase, inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws. Regardless of the fact that your telephone and/or cell number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry, or your local State Do-Not-Call list, you expressly consent to receive future information about products and services from us, and in, that regard, you hereby consent to our contacting you pursuant to the business relationship established using the information you provided to us. This means we may contact you by email, phone and/or cell number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving (e.g. video etc.). We may also send you information or offers from time to time to a postal address or email address we have on file. If you provide your name for a promotional offer to enter a sweepstakes or contest, and win a prize, we will post a winner's list online, and will file your name with state agencies if required by law.

_Vendors_. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples might include sending email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links and providing customer service. They have access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.

_Third Party Offers_. We may share personally identifiable information with third parties in order to have them send you special offers and promotions or other information we think you might find of interest. We ourselves will also occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, promotions, or information which we have found that may be of interest to our users and subscribers. If you do not want us to use the information you provide in order to inform you of products and services we think might interest you, or provide your information to third party companies, it is your obligation to please let us know, by contacting us at [customerservice@EnglishCentral.com](mailto:customerservice@EnglishCentral.com).

_Invite a Friend_. If you do become a registered user, you can also share links to videos on the WebSite with other individuals by providing us with their email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential users, we will send them an email message including a link to the WebSite, and we may include an invitation to join EnglishCentral. The only way these individuals can become registered users, however, is if they come to our WebSite and register themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes.

_Other Uses_. We may use your personal information to contact you about EnglishCentral's products or services, or for other purposes in which you have expressed an interest, for example, if you have contacted customer service or made an inquiry.

_Service Related Announcements_. We will provide you with service and account related announcements on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a service or product is delayed we might send you an email, or other message, or if there is some service issue with something you might have ordered. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to cancel your registration on our WebSite by sending an email to us at [customerservice@EnglishCentral.com](mailto:customerservice@EnglishCentral.com).

_Exceptional Circumstances_. If BabelCentral, Inc.BabelCentral, Inc., or any of its lines of businesses or affiliated companies, is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant databases of EnglishCentral could, in whole or in part, be sold as part of that transaction. Therefore, information about registered users of and visitors to the WebSite, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business or sale or pledge of our company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. Information about our users, including personal information, may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where BabelCentral, Inc.BabelCentral, Inc., or an affiliate, seeks financing, investment, support or funding. We also may have to release personally identifying information when it is necessary to comply with judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of EnglishCentral, its users or others.

## IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES AND PRACTICES

_A Note about International Users_. The EnglishCentral WebSite is located in the United States. If you are using the WebSite from outside the United States, you should be aware that your information collected on this WebSite may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which EnglishCentral, or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, including hosting services or servers, and by providing your information to this WebSite, you are consenting to the transfer of your information outside of your country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning this WebSite.

_Children's Privacy_. EnglishCentral does not encourage participation or visitation by children. Visitors who are known to be under the age of 14 are prohibited from becoming registered users. EnglishCentral does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 14.

ENGLISHCENTRAL ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT, LOSS, ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION LAWFULLY PROVIDED BY ENGLISHCENTRAL TO THIRD PARTIES, OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND ENGLISHCENTRAL.

## CHOICE AND OPT OUT

You may opt-out of use of your information as set forth above by emailing us at [customerservice@EnglishCentral.com](mailto:customerservice@EnglishCentral.com) or by setting your own preferences online for receipt of EnglishCentral marketing and promotional emails. For instance, if you do not want us to use your email address or other contact information to provide you with offers, or no longer wish to receive our email newsletter, you may opt-out of receiving it by making sure the option "send me email about new videos and features" is not checked on your "My Account" page, by following the instructions included in each newsletter or by emailing us at [customerservice@EnglishCentral.com](mailto:customerservice@EnglishCentral.com).

## ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION

_Updating Your Personal Information_. If you are a registered user, you can update your personally identifiable information at any time. To do this, just click on the "My EnglishCentral" link listed throughout the WebSite and then click on "My Profile" to edit your profile. You may also select "unsubscribe" on the "My Account" page to have your email address removed from our mailing list. However, we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information EnglishCentral has on file is not correct, or should you wish to have your email address removed from our mailing list or registration/contact information changed or updated, please contact us at [customerservice@EnglishCentral.com](mailto:customerservice@EnglishCentral.com). We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files, however, to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use, or due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the WebSite.

## HOW ENGLISHCENTRAL PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION

We have security procedures for the storage and disclosure of personal information, which you have given us in order to prevent unauthorized access. Keep in mind however, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

The WebSite may also contain links to other Web WebSites. Keep in mind that EnglishCentral does not control, and is not responsible for, the privacy or security practices or the content of these other web WebSites.

## DISPUTES

If you choose to visit the WebSite, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and specifically the laws of the State of New York.

## HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have any questions about our privacy policy contact us at [customerservice@EnglishCentral.com](mailto:customerservice@EnglishCentral.com) with a thorough description of your concerns or questions.

## MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY

The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is set forth below. Please make special note of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information or how we keep your purchases anonymous, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. Your continued use of the WebSite constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment by you of the Privacy Policy's modifications and your agreement to abide and be bound by the Privacy Policy as modified.

Copyright © 2008, BabelCentral, Inc.

Effective Date: August 8, 2008
