> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cafemom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111230083702id_/http%3A//www.cafemom.com/about/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - CafeMom

_Effective March 17, 2011_

At CafeMom®, we are committed to maintaining your privacy and your trust. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, protect, use and share information about you when you use the CafeMom website (the "Site"). We hope this information increases your confidence in CafeMom and enhances your experience on our Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the [CafeMom Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/about/tos.php). Each time that you use the Site, you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Service and terminate your membership.

[Read tips about Privacy and Security on CafeMom.](https://web.archive.org/about/privacy_tips.php)

## I. ABOUT CAFEMOM 

CafeMom is an online service for moms that allows our mom members to set up unique personal profiles and, through those profiles, to create an online network of other moms. CafeMom members ("Members") can view each others' profiles, communicate with old friends and make new friends on the Site, share photos, post journals and comments, and describe their interests. To enrich our Members' experience, we request and display some personal information to other Members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends. CafeMom members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other Members and CafeMom communicates with them.

## II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT

**User Provided Information.** CafeMom collects personal information from you when you register with our Site, update your profile, interact with other Members, and use various features of our Site. To register with CafeMom, we may ask you to provide your name, birthdate, and email address, and select a screen name and password. When you submit this information, we will send you a confirmation email. Once you are registered, you will be given the option to add additional personal information about you and your family to your profile. By using the privacy settings on your profile, you can control which Members have access to certain of your personal profile data. Keep in mind, however, that certain basic profile data cannot be hidden and will always be displayed on the Site once they register (see, "When You Register" below.) 

We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the Site. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information and, we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes, games or other promotions offered on our Site. We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties, including verification services, data services, as well as public sources. We use this information to continually offer you the most value as a CafeMom Member.

All personally identifiable information that we collect may become part of your CafeMom Member file and may be used by CafeMom as provided in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed at the time you provide the information or as otherwise agreed by you.

**Web Logs.** Like most standard Website servers, we collect information from all visitors to the Site. This information may include the browser you are using, the internet address from which you linked to our Site, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer you used to access our Site, and usage and browsing habits. We use this information to help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, to analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.

**Cookies.** To help make sure you receive information that is relevant to you, our Site uses data "cookies." We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use persistent cookies to differentiate users of the Site from subscribers, to customize the content of certain sections of the Site and to enable us to track and cater to the interests of users, in order to enhance their experience on the Site. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement. We will not use cookies or other data capture mechanisms to collect any personally identifiable information about you. You may configure your browser to prevent cookies from being set on your computer. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site may be limited, and you may not be able to use certain features of the Site, including playing games or entering sweepstakes or contests. Other technologies might be used by us or our advertising partners, such as Flash cookies, which are a form of persistent cookies technically called "Local Shared Objects" (LSOs), or HTML5 "Media Stamp" technology. Flash cookies are set through a mechanism in Adobe Flash Player. With Flash cookies your data is stored in multiple places and it may be restored once you delete it. To prevent new Flash cookies from being placed, you can adjust your preferences on a per site basis in the Adobe Website Privacy Settings Panel. Using this tool, Flash cookies can be completely disabled or allowed on a per-domain basis. To get to the settings panel, right click on any Flash movie, click settings and then advanced. Adobe has published a guide to help users disable Flash cookies found at <http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/546/4c68e546.html>. Flash cookies are stored in a special directory depending on the operating system on your computer. They are arranged in directories according to the site that placed them on the computer (look for a file with a .SOL). HTML5 or Media Stamp technology has a local storage feature that, when used, allows for quicker access to a website upon a return visit. HTML5 is currently supported by some mobile devices and desktop browsers. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 Media Stamp data is not stored in a browser's "cookies" file.

**Web Beacons.** Our Web pages and our e-mail newsletters contain "web beacons." Web beacons allow us to count users that have visited a web page or opened an email that contains a web beacon and collect other types of aggregate information. Using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Site. This allows us to learn what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our Site are the most interesting and what kind of offers our Members like to see. Some of the web beacons that are in place on our Site are used only by CafeMom, and other web beacons are from our vendors and advertisers who use this data to assist us in analyzing how our Members use the Site. In addition, we have agreements with various affiliate networks that promote CafeMom on their affiliate websites. These affiliate advertisers may use web beacons in their advertisements to track users who click through from the affiliate website to the Site.

## III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

**When you Register.** When you register with CafeMom, you create your own profile and privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your screen name and photo, are displayed to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings to allow you to connect with other CafeMom Members. Your real name is never displayed on the Site (unless you use it as your screen name), but your real name will be included in emails that you "send to a friend." You can choose to allow Members to search for you by using your real name or most other information you have entered in your profile.

Please be aware that certain personal profile information is displayed for all Members and cannot be hidden. Specifically, your screen name, photo, number of kids and the location entered on your profile are always displayed on the Site and therefore, are viewable by all users. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the Site, it may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a Member of the Site and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices.

By using the search functionality on the Site, CafeMom Members can find other moms with similar interests and challenges. When you find other Members, you can view their personal profiles to find out more about them based on the information they have decided to share on the Site.

**Journals and Photos.** As a CafeMom Member, you can share personal content, such as journals and photos. Please be aware that by using any of these features, your personally identifiable information may be accessible to Members and non-Members, and CafeMom has no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. 

**Monitoring.** We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the public and private forums and interactive areas on our Site. Please review our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/about/tos.php) for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas.

**CafeMom Mobile.** When you provide us with your mobile telephone number to access certain features of CafeMom Mobile you agree that this action constitutes a purchase, inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws. Regardless of the fact that your mobile telephone number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry, or your local State Do-Not-Call list, you expressly consent to receive future information about CafeMom's programs and services from us, and in that regard, you hereby consent to our contacting you pursuant to the business relationship established using the information you provided to us. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.

**We'll send you our email and newsletters.** CafeMom may send you service-related announcements and emails from time to time. For instance, if a friend sends you a message or someone comments on your photos or journal, you may receive an email alerting you to that fact. We may also use your information to send you e-newsletters, updates and communications about CafeMom. We may ask you which newsletters you wish to receive. You may change your newsletter preferences (i) at any time by simply updating your account, which you can do by clicking on the "Privacy + Settings" button posted throughout the Site, or (ii) by opting-out of receiving future emails as described at the bottom of each communication from CafeMom. To opt-out of emails you may receive on one of our Facebook applications, you may (i) Update your Facebook Application Settings by visiting <http://www.facebook.com/editapps.php>, finding the application name, clicking "Edit Settings" and then unchecking "Receive updates to my Facebook contact email address" or (ii) Click the opt-out link in the body of the email.

**Sweepstakes and Promotions.** On occasion, we offer sweepstakes and other promotions in conjunction with a sponsor. By participating in a promotion, you submit to that promotion's terms and conditions including providing us with permission, if required, to share your personally identifiable information with a particular sponsor.

**Third Party Offers.** On occasion, we are able to offer you special products or services through a relationship with a third party. In those cases, the offer will be brought to you by CafeMom and fulfilled by the third party. If you accept the offer, you will become a customer of the company that is fulfilling the offer and we will not have control over their use of the personally identifiable information that you provide to them when you accept the offer.

**Invite a Friend.** If you do become a Member, not only can you enjoy all of the benefits of membership, but you can also invite other individuals to join by providing us with their first names and email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential Members, we will send them an email invitation to join CafeMom. The only way these individuals can become Members, however, is if they come to our Site and sign up themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes.

**Legal Matters; Safety.** We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat.

**Sale of Business or Assets.** In the event that CafeMom, substantially all of its assets, or a line of business is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personally identifiable information of our Members may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our Members may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where CafeMom or an affiliate, is seeking financing, investment, support or funding. In such transactions, personal information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained.

**Third Party Ad Servers.** We may use third party advertising technology to serve ads when you visit our Site. We may from time to time use various outside ad-serving companies to serve advertisements across the internet and on our Site. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site and your interaction with our Service. They may also use information about your visits to the Site and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of pixel tags or cookies, which are industry standard technologies, used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process from our Site. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by a third party service provider, please visit these sites: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> and <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>.

## IV. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION

CafeMom contains links to other sites. It is possible for you to receive information directly from our partners and other companies if you access them through a link on CafeMom.com or if you go directly to their Websites. Once you are on their sites, any data that you supply to these partners, for example, to obtain information or buy products directly from them, is beyond our reach and will be the responsibility of each of the linked-to entities and not CafeMom. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Websites or any other sites linked to or referenced on our Site.

**Security.** CafeMom has multiple layers of security on its systems. We have implemented software and hardware security, including firewalls, data encryption, and private networks intended to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access. We use firewalls and intrusion-detection devices that are designed to defend against hackers and notify us if any attempts are made to compromise our network. We regularly review additional software upgrades to enhance our security measures. However, despite our efforts, no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, and your use of the Site indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

**Your California Privacy Rights.** Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the address referenced below.

**A Note About International Users.** The CafeMom Site is hosted in the United States. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, by providing your information to this Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintaining in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning this Site.

**Children's Privacy.** CafeMom does not encourage participation or visitation by children. Visitors who are known to be under the age of 16 are prohibited from becoming CafeMom Members. CafeMom does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16.

**Updating Your Personal Information.** If you are a CafeMom Member, you can update your personally identifiable information at any time. To do this, just click on the "Privacy + Settings" link listed throughout the Site. However, we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy.

**Waiver:** CAFEMOM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT, LOSS, ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION LAWFULLY PROVIDED BY CAFEMOM TO THIRD PARTIES, OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND CAFEMOM.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. If we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By using our Site or services after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the privacy policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.

**Contacting Us.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of this Site, please visit our [Feedback Page](https://web.archive.org/email/feedback.php).

Or write to us at:  
Privacy Department  
CafeMom  
401 Park Avenue South, 5th Floor  
New York, NY 10016

©2011 CMI Marketing, Inc. All rights reserved.
