> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brytfmonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180202010604id_/http%3A//brytfmonline.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Brytfmonline

**1\. Introduction**


1.1 We are Joy Dadi Multimedia company (“Bryt FM”, “we”, “us” or “our”). References to “you”, “your” and “yours” are references to you, the person(s) accessing any of our websites (each a “Site” and collectively the “Sites”).

1.2 The contents of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) apply to all of our Sites, including their contents, and to any correspondence by e-mail between you and us sent through any Site.

1.3 This Privacy Policy (together with our Website Terms of Use) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.

1.4 Our Website Terms of Use are hereby incorporated into this Privacy Policy as if they were fully set out here. If any provision in this Privacy Policy is inconsistent or conflicts with any part of our website use terms, the provision in this Privacy Policy prevails.

1.5 Your use of any Site indicates that you have read, understood and unconditionally accepted the provisions in this Privacy Policy, and such acceptance constitutes your legally binding acceptance of all terms and conditions which are contained here. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please immediately discontinue accessing, viewing or otherwise using all of the Sites.

1.6 We may change the contents of the Sites, including this Privacy Policy, at any time, by posting the changed contents on the Sites. It is your responsibility to regularly familiarise yourself with the contents of the Sites to ensure that you are aware of their current versions.

**2\. Collection**

2.1 We may gather two types of information about you from a Site:

a. personal information, provided by you at the time of voluntary registration for the services offered by ussuch as (but not limited to) your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender and nationality (“Personal Information”); and

b. aggregate information generated by our systems, which track traffic to our Sites but do not relate to you personally.

2.2 Your failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain services not being available to you.

2.3 By providing us with this Personal Information to us you acknowledge and agree that the information you provide is not secret.

3. **Disclosure of Information**




3.1 We may disclose:

a. any information that we gather about you to third parties for the purposes of providing you with additional services;

b. aggregate tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you to third parties;

c. your personal information to third parties, when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law; and

d. your personal information to third parties, provided we have your prior consent, which may be obtained at the time of collecting the information from you.

3.2 We will not share your Personal Information with any third party (other than ARN affiliates) unless you have provided your express consent. We maintain strict security standards and procedures with a view to preventing unauthorised access to your data by anyone, including our staff.

3.3 We will not transfer your Personal Information outside of the United Arab Emirates without your express consent to do so.

4\. **Use**

4.1 We may use your Personal Information:

a. to verify your identity and assist you if you forget your password or login details for any of our Sites;

b. to assist in providing the services requested by you;

c. to provide further information to you about other sites and services or which we consider may be of interest to you;

d. for future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including to carry out direct marketing, market research and surveys;

e. for ensuring that you are shown the information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and

f. for any other use for which you consent.

4.2 We will seek your consent if we wish to use your Personal Information for purposes other than those for which you have previously agreed.

4.3 Although we take all reasonable measures to prevent unlawful access to Personal Information, we do not represent that no third party will unlawfully access your Personal Information and we suggest that you take all necessary precautions against this.

4.4 We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy.

**5\. Cookies and Tracking**




5.1 We use a “cookie” file containing information that can identify details of your IP address, operating system (e.g. Microsoft Windows, Mac O/S, Linux), browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, plus the version of the browser), domain (whether you are accessing the Site from Dubai or elsewhere) and other user information (e.g. your username).

5.2 We may use the information generated by cookies to:

a. track traffic patterns to and from a Site;

b. ensure any advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person; and

c. enable you to enter a Site and use certain services and to visit registered user-only areas of a Site.

5.3 You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use a Site but you will need them to log on to a Site and to access personalized or secure content on it and some web pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off.

**6\. Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners**

We are not responsible for the data collection practices, the privacy policies or the content of sites other than our Sites, including any site which is accessible via a link from one of our Sites. You should contact the operators of those sites directly if you wish to enquire about their privacy policies and practices before providing your personal information to them.

**7\. Opting in and Opting Out**




If our intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal information is outside the collection, use or disclosure parameters in this Privacy Policy, we will give you the option to:  
a. opt out and not receive certain services or participate in certain interactive areas; or

b. opt in to agree to be contacted by us in relation to certain matters such as notification of new features to a Site, beta testing or promotional activities.

**8\. Holding, Correcting and Updating Information**

We offer you the ability to correct or change the information collected at any time and as often as necessary. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us by sending an email to info@brytfmonline.com

**9\. Amendments**




We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice. You agree that our Privacy Policy’s current version applies to your use of a Site.

**10\. Contact**

Please send any query or comment about this Site or this Privacy Policy by email to info@brytfmonline.com



