> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 6scan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110321024819id_/http%3A//6scan.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 6Scan | Privacy

This privacy policy governs your use of 6Scan (the **"Company"** ) services available at http://www.6scan.com (the **"Service"** ) and is incorporated by reference to the terms of service of the Service and other legal documents of the Company which can be found at: <http://www.6scan.com/terms>. 

This privacy policy explains the practices that apply to the information that you provide or that may be generated by your use of the Service. 

The Company takes your online privacy very seriously, hence: 

  * You decide, if and when, to provide the Company with personal information about yourself and the scope of such information. 
  * Unless authorized, personal information you choose to provide to the Company will not be shared with others. 
  * We will not spam you.



These highlights of the Company's privacy policy are provided for convenience only. For the complete and binding privacy policy of the Company please read the entire document below. 

For your convenience below are the major issues covered in this privacy policy: 

  * The Privacy Philosophy of the Company. 
  * Submission and Collection of Information. 
  * E-mail addresses and unsubscribing. 
  * How is the Material Being Used? 
  * Changes to this Privacy Policy. 



### The Privacy Philosophy of the Company

Your privacy is important to the Company: we have chosen to undertake strict safeguards to protect your privacy, and we strive to meet and exceed industry standards. We welcome any comments and suggestions for improvement at: [feedback@6scan.com](mailto:feedback@6scan.com). 

### Submission and Collection of Information

While using the Service, you may choose or need to provide personally Identifiable Information about yourself such as name, address, age, e-mail addresses as well commercial and financial information ( **"Personally Identifiable Information"** ). 

You may submit Personally Identifiable Information through forms on the Service which you can correct, modify or delete before you choose to submit or through email communication. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user). 

In addition, Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be provided by you or may be generated by your mere use of Service and/or email communication. 

Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include standard internet communications automatically sent by your computer and/or device. This information may include: the type of browser, the type of operating system; Internet protocol addresses (including any host name or geographic information associated with these addresses); and information related to your computer or device system configuration. 

In some cases, if you decide not to provide certain information from certain forms on the Service (e.g. email address), or enable certain features (e.g. cookies), you might not be able to complete the applicable process, or use the Service. 

The Company uses cookies, web beacons, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of the Services; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries and submissions to the Service. 

### Use of Information 

In order to use the service, you may be required to create your own profile. Your profile information is used only to process your scan requests and help you fix problems, and will not be shared with any third party except as required by law.

### E-mail addresses and unsubscribing 

You may be asked to provide your email address in order to enable the Company to present you, from time to time, via email communication, with news and updates about its products and services or other promotional offers from the Company. 

If you wish, at any time, to remove your email address from any of such mailing lists, you may unsubscribe by an email to [unsubscribe@6scan.com](mailto:unsubscribe@6scan.com) or as otherwise instructed by the Company. 

For your convenience, email communication from the Company contains instructions explaining how to unsubscribe from the email mailing lists of the Company. 

The Company reserves the right to send you notices about your account, even if you opt out of all email notifications. 

### How is the Material Being Used? 

The Material is used to enable you to use the Service; to operate and improve the Service; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries and to conduct research about your use of the Service. 

Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of such information. Your information may be accessed and disclosed if required by legal procedures. 

### Changes to this Privacy Policy 

The Company may occasionally update this privacy policy to reflect changes in its services and other practices. 

The Company encourages you to periodically review this privacy policy and other legal documents of the Company, to be informed of the privacy practices and terms of service of the Service (the "Legal Terms"). At all times, the latest versions of the Legal Terms will be published on this page and shall be binding and supersede any other versions. Your continued use of the Service following such posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. You can review and are encouraged to check, from time to time, the most current version of this privacy policy on this page. 
