> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aavalue.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061213141410id_/http%3A//grouplotto.aavalue.com/playpage/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Grouplotto - Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy covers Grouplotto's treatment of personally identifiable information that Grouplotto™ collects when you are on the Grouplotto™ Website and when you use GroupLotto's services. It is important that visitors are fully informed about the use of their personal information. GroupLotto™ believes in 100% permission-based marketing. For each visitor to our Website, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (unless requested and supplied by the consumer as a registration field entry). 

Registration with Grouplotto™ is required to play the Grouplotto™ host of promotional games. This Privacy Policy also applies to consumers that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from Grouplotto™ and GroupLotto's joint marketing advertisers ("Advertisers") , whether at our Website, via email, on third party websites, via co-registration or otherwise. GroupLotto™ collects information in certain portions of our Website, where guests provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities (i.e., by way of responding to questions and surveys, community listings, ratings, searches and comparison searches, bidding, purchasing, chat, games, or bulletin boards, etc.). The personal profile information you submit to Grouplotto™ and Advertisers remains your property, but by submitting that information to Grouplotto™ you grant Grouplotto™ the right to use that information for marketing purposes including, but not limited to, sharing such information via co-registration with Advertisers. (i.e. by clicking on any Advertiser's banner you agree to be co-registered at that advertiser's website - at no cost to you). Grouplotto™ may also use such information to deliver certain direct marketing offers to you via telemarketing, e-mail marketing, direct mail, SMS messaging and other types of direct marketing, fulfill prizes, track compliance with our Grouplotto™ Rules, or for content improvement and feedback purposes. We may sell the personal information that you supply to us and we may join together with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our members. These businesses may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services to via telemarketing, e-mail marketing, direct mail, SMS messaging and other types of direct marketing; and (b) providers of applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a California state resident you may opt-out from having your personal information transferred to third parties for use is such third parties' direct marketing efforts by [clicking here](http://grouplotto.aavalue.com/GlobalOptOut.html) and completing an opt-out request or by sending a written e-mail request to [CAoptout@traffixinc.com](mailto:CAoptout@traffixinc.com). However, where California residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from Grouplotto™, in accordance with the law. In addition, Grouplotto™ reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event Grouplotto™ believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of the Rules or to commit unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, if Grouplotto™ is sold or acquired, or when Grouplotto™ deems it necessary or appropriate. By agreeing to these terms, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when Grouplotto™, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate. To the extent that customer credit card-specific information is collected by Grouplotto™ and any of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties (other than consumer credit agencies) without the customer's prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grouplotto™ and its affiliates and subsidiaries reserve the right to share with third parties the fact that they have credit card information on file for specific customers but they will not share this credit card information with third parties without the customer's prior informed consent. 

Grouplotto™ shares Website usage information about visitors to our Website, who have received targeted promotional campaigns, with Advertisers for the purpose of formatting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our Advertisers track some of the pages that you visit on our Website through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). By registering with Grouplotto™, you agree to allow Grouplotto™ to share such Website usage information with third parties. 

Grouplotto™ also reserves the right to provide aggregate or group data about Grouplotto™ users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or Group data is data that describes the demographics, usage, or characteristics of Grouplotto™ participants as a group. By opening a Grouplotto™ account, you agree to allow Grouplotto™ to provide such aggregate data to third parties. 

Players under 18 years of age are not allowed to participate in sweepstakes and games offered by Grouplotto™. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, any Grouplotto™ Web sites by visitors under 18 years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. 

Registrants may receive e-mail confirming their Registration with Grouplotto™, co-registration with Advertisers and subsequent entries in Grouplotto sweepstakes and games, as well as promotional marketing of commercial products and services. Grouplotto™ reserves the right to collect and retain data relating to email marketing sent to, and open by, individuals on our marketing list(s). If you do not want to receive e-mail from Grouplotto™ in the future, please let Grouplotto™ know by e-mailing us at the following address: ([Unsubscribe@Grouplotto.com](mailto:Unsubscribe@Grouplotto.com)). To unsubscribe from any co-registration Advertiser's website, please visit their website for complete details. 

Grouplotto™ does not endorse, nor is Grouplotto™ responsible for the accuracy of, the Privacy Policies and/or Terms and Conditions of each of the Advertisers on the Grouplotto™ Website. The entities which advertise and/or place banner ads on the Grouplotto™ Website including, but not limited to, co-registration Advertisers, are independent third parties and are not affiliated with Grouplotto™. 

Grouplotto™ delivers to your web browser many of the advertisements you see when you use the Website. However, Grouplotto™ also allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within and/or on the Website. Because your web browser must request these advertising banners from the ad networks' servers, these companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if you had requested a web page from the Website. Please note that if an advertiser asks Grouplotto™ to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men ages 13-24 who have viewed sports content) and you respond to that ad, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. However, Grouplotto™ only authorizes our third-party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. To Grouplotto's knowledge, the third-party ad servers do not collect, nor does Grouplotto™ give them access, to any personally identifying information about you. In addition, Grouplotto™ uses third-party service provider partners to employ anonymous cookies for accounting and data integrity purposes.

If you want to prevent a third-party ad server and/or third-party service provider from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad network's and service provider’s website individually and opt out (if they offer this capability).

Currently, we have relationships with the following third party service providers and/or may display the following third party ad server networks (click to visit their website).  In addition, we may at some point engage other third-party ad servers and/or third-party service providers in the future.

24/7 Real Media, Inc. 

<http://www.247realmedia.com/privacy.html>

Fastclick, Inc. 

<http://www.fastclick.com/co_privacy.html>

Burst.com, Inc. 

[http://www.burst.com](http://www.burst.com/)

AQuantive, Inc. 

<http://www.atdmt.com/privacy/>

DoubleClick, Inc. 

<http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/>

_Your Acceptance of These Terms_

By using this site and/or agreeing to receive information from Grouplotto™, you agree to the Grouplotto™ Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Grouplotto™ Website or acceptance of our e-mails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe from our services by clicking on the link below: [Unsubscribe@Grouplotto.com](mailto:Unsubscribe@Grouplotto.com)
