> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the overstock.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020608005908id_/http%3A//www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi%3FPAGE%3DSTATICPAGE%26PAGE_ID%3D8) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Overstock.com, save up to 70% every day!

**OVERSTOCK.COM IS COMMITED TO YOUR PRIVACY**  


Your privacy is important, so we have created the following Privacy and Security Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our web site, [Overstock.com](http://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=HOME), why we collect it, and how it is used. This Privacy and Security Policy also addresses our data security practices, the options you have to access and control any personally identifiable information you provide to us, and other matters. This Privacy and Security Policy is governed by our [Terms and Conditions](http://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=STATICPAGE&PAGE_ID=25). We may periodically make changes to this Privacy and Security Policy which will include on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy and Security Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. 

**THE PRIVACYBOT TRUSTMARK**

We have registered with PrivacyBot.com, an independent privacy seal program. We display the PrivacyBot Trustmark to show our commitment to good privacy practices. Click the Trustmark at the bottom of this page to see our standing with PrivacyBot. Any complaints regarding Overstock.com's privacy practices can be made to PrivacyBot by clicking on the PrivacyBot icon at the bottom of this page. Complaints submitted to PrivacyBot will be resolved through the PrivacyBot online mediation service. If the parties do not come to a mutually adequate agreement through mediation, such complaints will be resolved in accordance with the [Dispute section](http://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=STATICPAGE&PAGE_ID=25) of the Overstock.com Terms and Conditions. All other privacy complaints not submitted to PrivacyBot will be resolved in accordance with the Dispute section of the Overstock.com Terms and Conditions. 

**SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN**

This Site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18. Overstock.com does not sell products for purchase by children. Overstock.com sells children's products for purchase by adults. **By registering with this web site, purchasing products from overstock.com or providing overstock.com with any information, you represent to overstock.com that you are 18 years of age or older and that any information you provide to overstock.com about a third party is for a third party that is 18 years of age or older.**

**WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU? WHY?**

**We May Collect Information Needed to Contact You Later:**

If we collect personal contact information (as described below), you may later access and modify it, and [remove](https://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=MYACCOUNT) it from our system. You may also choose simply not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection. 

**_We May Collect Your Name, Address and Phone Number._** When you use our web Site, we may request your name, street address, telephone number or other "real world" contact information. 

We use this information to complete and support your purchases from and use of the Overstock.com web site, for internal purposes and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the support of your use of the Overstock.com web site. 

**_We May Collect Your Email Address._** We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you online. We use it to complete and support your purchases from and use of the Overstock.com web site, and to comply with any requirements of law, to respond to any questions you might have and to provide you with information about specials occurring on the Overstock.com web site if you have opted-in to this service on the Account Login page. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the support of your use of the Overstock.com website. 

**We May Collect Other Kinds of Information from You:**

When you use our web site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later access and modify the information, and have it [removed](https://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=MYACCOUNT). You may also choose simply not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection. 

**_We May Collect Purchase Information._** We may collect information actively generated by the purchase of a product or service, such as a payment method. We use this information to process your order and support your use of the Overstock.com web site. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the support of your use of the Overstock.com web site. 

**_We May Collect Navigation and Clickstream Data._** As you browse our web site, we may gather navigational and clickstream data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support your purchases from and use of the Overstock.com web site to comply with any requirements of law and to determine the commissions for our [Affiliates](http://images.overstock.com/f/102/3117/30m/www.overstock.com/alliance.html). This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order and the support of your use of the Overstock.com web site. 

**CERTAIN EXCEPTIONAL DISCLOSURES**

We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or Overstock has good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on Overstock or (2) to protect and defend the property or rights of Overstock, the users of its website or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk protection. If Overstock.com should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, we may sell the information you provide to us on the Overstock.com website to a third party or share your personal information with the company we merge with. 

**WHAT ARE COOKIES? WHY DO WE USE THEM?**

Cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. Overstock.com uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to our store. They cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personal or private information. You must accept cookies to shop at Overstock.com. 

**HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?**

We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our web site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. Overstock.com's servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL's browser, so that only Overstock.com can read a customer's personal information. 

**HOW LONG DO WE KEEP USER INFORMATION?**

We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely. 

Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies. 

**YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICY**

By using the Overstock.com web site, you agree to this Privacy and Security Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy and Security Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our [Terms and Conditions](http://www.overstock.com/cgi-bin/d2.cgi?PAGE=STATICPAGE&PAGE_ID=25) take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision. We may change our Privacy and Security Policy by posting a new version of the policy on this page which it is your responsibility to review frequently. 

**LEGAL DISCLAIMER**

This Site operates AS-IS and AS-AVAILABLE, without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy and Security Policy is governed by Utah law, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us must be commenced in Utah within one year after the claim arose, or be barred. 

**IF YOU HAVE A PRIVACY QUESTION**

If you have a privacy question about the Overstock.com web site, please email: Douglas Greene at [dg@overstock.com](mailto:dg@overstock.com). Or write: Overstock.com, Attn: Douglas Greene, 6322 South 3000 East Suite 100, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121. 

(end of policy)

* * *
