> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the overnightprints.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061020231409id_/http%3A//www.overnightprints.com/main.php%3FA%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Business Cards, Postcards, Flyers, Brochures, Letterhead & Envelopes Overnight ~ by OvernightPrints.com

Overnight Prints is committed to protecting your information, how it's used and how it's shared, and we appreciate your choosing to do business with us. The policy outlined here describes exactly what information we collect and what we do with that information. By visiting Overnight Prints, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and in our Terms of Service found at www.OvernightPrints.com. 

Overnight Prints is the sole owner of the information collected on www.OvernightPrints.com. We collect information from our users at several different points on our Web site. 

Overnight Prints gathers two kinds of information: 

Provided Information: At Overnight Prints we store the information that you use when placing an order or asking for samples. We use this information for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, offering you promotions or specials for Overnight Prints, improving our site, and communicating with you via e-mail. If you change your mind and decide you do not wish to receive informational or promotional material via e-mail in the future, you may follow the removal instructions at the bottom of any e-mail message you receive from Overnight Prints. 

Stored Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Like many Web sites, we use "cookies" to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Overnight Prints. We utilize cookies to identify you as an Overnight Prints customer, to recall your orders, and to provide you with valuable features, such as pre-populating fields to reduce the amount of typing you do. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our service. 

If you wish to control how your browser accepts cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. 

Information Sharing: Overnight Prints values our customers' information and works diligently to protect that information. We will not share your contact information with any third parties other than our reputable corporate partners. In the event you do not wish this information to be shared, we ask that you do not agree to the terms of service. Overnight Prints does not store your credit card information and will never share that information with any outside company. 

Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally-identifiable information or private communications will always remain private. Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all your private communications and other personally-identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways other than those described in this Privacy Policy. For example, under certain circumstances we may be forced to disclose information to the government, and individuals may unlawfully intercept or access your private communications. 

The following describes some of the ways that your personally-identifiable information may be disclosed: 

Business Transfers \- As Overnight Prints grows in size, it may be possible that we acquire or are purchased by another company. In such a circumstance, customer information is a generally- accepted asset to be transferred. Also, customer information will be transferred in the event that all or substantially all of www.OvernightPrints.com's assets or web business is acquired. 

Compliance with Law \- We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Overnight Prints, our users, or others. This release may also include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

Customer Service: We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services. Our production and customer service use phone, e-mail, and post mail information to communicate with customers with regard to their orders. Third Party Intermediaries: We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally-identifiable information for any secondary purpose. Links: Our sites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally-identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Security: Overnight Prints takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both on-line and off-line. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which is supported by the vast majority of modern Internet browsers. SSL works best when you are using the latest 128-bit encryption versions of either Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. SSL technology represents the highest level of security available on the Internet. SSL automatically encrypts information traveling over the Internet, verifies the identity of the transacting servers through certificates and digital signatures, and confirms that the integrity of the message content is maintained throughout its transmission. 

Children: Overnight Prints does not market or sell to children. Our products are designed for adults and a credit card or electronic check is needed to purchase from Overnight Prints. Children may only use our website with consent from their guardian. When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information such as a credit card number or address, that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL, which is the best encryption software in the industry. While on a secure page such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Firefox Mozilla and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, whereas the lock icon is open (unlocked) when users are just browsing. Just as we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information on-line, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. 

Notice: We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. The use of information that we gather is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of collection. We may, but we shall not be required to, e-mail you periodic reminders of our notices, unless you have instructed us not to, so you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. 

If any questions or disputes of this Privacy Policy arise, please contact Overnight Prints at [service@overnightprints.com](mailto:service@overnightprints.com), and we will do our best to answer or resolve your issue. You may also choose to contact us at: 
