> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tolingo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-07-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160730040814id_/https%3A//www.tolingo.com/sites/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

## Data Protection Agreement

The client acknowledges, in accordance with the German Federal Data Protection Act: Section 33, Paragraph 1, that tolingo GmbH, subject to the current legal regulations, may collect, handle, process and impart the personal data of the client to third parties, to the extent that this is permitted by law for the grounding of the contractual relationship and the lawful execution of the necessary services and billing.

In the context of data collection, processing and use, cookies will be applied. With cookies, a data record is generated by our web server and sent to the computer which is currently communicating with our web server i.e. that of the client. The data record is then filed in the cookie folder of the web browser. tolingo applies cookies when a user attempts to log into the website. Cookies make it easier to ascertain the frequency of use and the number of users for the website. Online users can customize their web browser so that all cookies are allowed or rejected, or that a notification message is displayed when a cookie is created. As the utilization of tolingo’s online service requires client registration, the tolingo website cannot be used when cookies are blocked by the client’s web browser.

If you have supplied tolingo with personal data, you are able to delete this data at any time. In this case it is sufficient to send an e-mail to support@tolingo.com. Data for billing or bookkeeping purposes is exempt from deletion.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

You may refuse the placement of Google Analytics cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. In doing this, you will safeguard your right to disagree with any future collection, processing and use of data by Google Analytics. For this purpose, you may install the Google Analytics deactivating add-on for browsers to prevent Google Analytics from storing any information on web sites you visited.

### Facebook Social Plugins

This web site uses social plugins (“plugins”) of facebook.com social network, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). These plugins are specified by a Facebook logo or the additional information “Facebook Social Plugin”.

When visiting a web site of our Internet portal which includes such plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection to Facebook servers.

Facebook directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which integrates the latter into the site, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our web site.

For this purpose, the Internet address of the visited site (your IP address included) is transferred to a USA-based Facebook server where the data are stored.

In general, it is impossible for Facebook to identify you, above all because of the dynamic address which is usually assigned to you by your access provider when surfing the web.

According to information published by Facebook, the relevant data are neither further processed nor disclosed to third parties. After a period of three months, these data are anonymized in order to prevent linking the information to your identity.

This doesn’t apply, if you are logged in to Facebook when visiting our site, because Facebook is able to assign this access to your Facebook account then. In case you interact with the plugins, for example, activate the “I like” button, or make a comment, your browser transfers the relating information directly to Facebook where they are stored.

For the purpose and scope of data collection, further processing and use by Facebook as well as your applicable rights and privacy setting possibilities please visit Facebook’s Privacy Policy.

If, as Facebook member, you don’t want Facebook to collect data about your visiting our web site, you must log out of Facebook before accessing our web site.

### Google +1 Button Privacy Policy 

June 28, 2011

The [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/com/privacy/privacy-policy.html) describes how we treat personal information when you use Google’s products and services, including information provided when you use the Google +1 button. In addition, the following describes our additional privacy practices specific to your use of the +1 button.

### Information we collect and how it is shared

The Google +1 button is a way for you to share information publicly with the world. The Google +1 button helps you and others receive personalized content from Google and our partners. The fact that you +1’d something will be recorded by Google, along with information about the page you were viewing when you clicked on the +1 button. Your +1’s may appear to others as an annotation with your profile name and photo in Google services (such as in search results or on your Google Profile) or elsewhere on websites and ads on the Internet.

We will record information about your +1 activity in order to provide you and other users with a better experience on Google services.

In order to use the Google +1 button, you need to have a public Google Profile visible to the world, which at a minimum includes the name you chose for the profile. That name will be used across Google services and in some cases it may replace another name you’ve used when sharing content under your Google Account. We may display your Google Profile identity to people who have your email address or other identifying information.

### Use of the collected information

In addition to the above-described uses, the information you provide to us is used subject to our main [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/com/privacy/privacy-policy.html).

We may share aggregate statistics related to users’ +1 activity with the public, our users, and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or connected sites. For example, we may tell a publisher that “10% of the people who +1’d this page are in Tacoma, Washington.”

### Your choices 

You may view the list of items you have +1’d on the +1 tab on your Profile. You can remove individual items from that list.

You may [opt out](https://profiles.google.com/+1/personalization) of seeing +1 recommendations on third-party websites (including on ads on third-party sites) from people you know. 

We will store data (such as your recent +1’s) locally in your browser. You may be able to access and clear this information in your browser settings.

### More information 

Google adheres to the U.S. Safe Harbor privacy principles. For more information about the Safe Harbor framework or our registration, see the [Department of Commerce’s website](http://export.gov/safeharbor).

[**Download as PDF-file**](https://cdn-tolingo.pressidium.com/wp-content/uploads/assets/137/privacyUK_original.pdf)
