> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gracenote.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606183834id_/http%3A//www.gracenote.com/index.php%3Fpage_id%3D5843) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Gracenote | Privacy Statement - Gracenote Site

This statement describes Gracenote’s privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Gracenote Site Privacy Statement” or “Site Privacy Statement”) and applies to the Site, including all online and email services and functions. This Site Privacy Statement is an integral part of our Terms of Use or the applicable license agreement or EULA entered into by the parties.

**Registration.** Gracenote requires users who wish to explore the Site and other online and email services and functions to register by completing the appropriate Gracenote form(s). During registration, you will be required to provide contact information often consisting of an e-mail address, username and password, and any other applicable information. Gracenote does provide a way for you to correct, update and/or remove any personal information, which is done via your user profile page. 

**Collected Information.** Gracenote collects different types of information from the Site such as general demographic information, viewership data and other anonymous information, as well as some personal information (the “Collected Information”). This anonymous information identifies what content is viewed, related transfer rates, length of viewing, which pages are viewed, and other similar data. Collected Information helps Gracenote maintain, administer and monitor the Site in order to analyze trends, improve the overall quality of the Site, enhance Gracenote’s services, tailor the Site to viewers’ needs, and respond to your inquiries. Such analysis and information is aggregated across users, does not identify you as an individual, and does not link to any personally identifiable information. Gracenote may use personal information to facilitate requests, to contact you if a problem arises, to facilitate the employment application process, or for other uses consistent with this Site Privacy Statement. 

**Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.** By using the Site, you consent to Gracenote’s cookies. Cookies are files that web servers place on your hard drive. The use of cookies on the Site allows you to enjoy more seamless visits, and more accurately measures your behavior on the Site. There are two types of cookies that Gracenote may use: session and persistent. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your hard drive when you close the browser software. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive after the browser has been closed. The cookies used on the Site do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser, unless you choose to identify yourself voluntarily. You may choose to identify yourself for any one of the following reasons: by asking the browser to remember your username and password, by responding to a promotional offer, or by personalizing a web page or requesting more information on a product or service.

**_How Gracenote Uses Cookies_**

Gracenote may use cookies for a number of purposes, including to:

  * Provide general internal and customer analytics.
  * Study traffic patterns in order to improve Site performance, to customize the user experience, and to better match the users’ interests and preferences. For example, Gracenote keeps track of the domains from which people visit, and also measures visitor activity on the Site. However, these tracking records are performed and maintained in ways that keep the data non-identifiable.
  * Keep track of preferences you specify while you are using Gracenote products or services.
  * Support security measures, such as requiring re-login into a Gracenote product or service after a certain amount of time has elapsed.
  * If you login to Gracenote’s products through the Site, cookies can also be used to save the username so that Gracenote can process the saved login information and quickly log you into the product.
  * Assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
  * Tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.



**_Controlling Gracenote’s Use of Cookies_**

  * You may configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
  * For analytics services, Gracenote may also use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies. If Google Analytics is used, the information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including the IP address) will be transferred to and stored on a server of Google in the United States. Google will use such information to analyze your use of the Site, to create reports about the Site activities for Gracenote, and to provide further services associated with the use of the Site and the Internet. Furthermore, Google may transfer such information to third parties, to the extent legally required or if such third parties process the data on behalf of Google. In no event will Google associate your IP address with other information of Google. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of your information collected by Google as described above and for the purposes described above. Google Analytics can be disabled through this link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.



For further information about cookies you can visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to login or use other interactive features of Gracenote’s Sites and features that depend on cookies.

**User Communications.** When you send email or other communications to Gracenote, Gracenote may retain those communications and related e-mail addresses in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services. In addition, and subject to CAN-SPAM, Gracenote may use your username and email address to provide you with email newsletters, announcements, Gracenote news about products and/or services, and information about your user account. If you do not wish to receive these kinds of communications, you may “opt out” either by (i) unchecking the email newsletters and announcements during registration, or (ii) by doing the same within your user profile.

**Additional Information.** The Site may request additional information from you regarding our other services and sites (including the [Gracenote Careers webpage](https://web.archive.org/web/20170607030654id_/http://www.gracenote.com/privacy-statement-gracenote-site/index.php?page_id=1177), Commercial Developer Registration, and the Open Developer Program). Information that you provide in this fashion (i) may be used for recording products and services that you have licensed, downloaded, and to fill your related orders and requests, and (ii) shall be considered Collected Information for purposes of this Site Privacy Statement. 

**Legal Compliance.** Gracenote may disclose Collected Information if required to do so by law or under a good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the law or comply with legal process, and to protect and defend Gracenote’s rights, property, and Gracenote’s customers whether or not required to do so by law. Gracenote reserves the right to contact appropriate authorities and disclose Collected Information to them at its discretion when it appears that individuals using Gracenote’s products or services are engaged in activities that are illegal or violate the Terms of Use.

**Sharing with Third Parties.** Except as outlined in this Site Privacy Statement or on the Site, Gracenote does not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent. Gracenote shares the information you provide with Gracenote’s subsidiaries and related companies. From time to time Gracenote may need to share Collected Information with third parties who perform certain services and functions on Gracenote’s behalf (for instance, the Gracenote/Twitter program for verifying Twitter accounts is a joint service with Twitter, Inc.). These parties only have access to the Collected Information they need to perform their functions and Gracenote requires them to use the Collected Information only in connection with the services they provide for Gracenote. Should Gracenote merge with or be acquired by another company, or if the business unit providing your service were sold to another company, Collected Information may be transferred to and used by the resulting combined company. If Gracenote were to cease operations, your data might be transferred to and used by another company which offers similar or related products or services. While we cannot predict a great deal about such an unlikely event, we would hope this would provide you with continuity of service. 

**Secured Information.** Gracenote maintains a variety of physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard Collected Information. All Collected Information is stored on physically and electronically secured servers. Access to Collected Information is strictly limited to individuals with a legitimate reason to have access and who have agreements that prohibit the unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. Employees who violate Gracenote’s privacy access policies are subject to disciplinary actions, including termination when appropriate. In addition, all of Gracenote’s Collected Information is firewall-protected against unauthorized access into our systems, and our servers are not directly connected to the Internet. While Gracenote cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of your data will not occur, Gracenote work hard to prevent such occurrences.

**Your California Privacy Rights.** Residents of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which such company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes, and a disclosure of the shared information. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that provides you with an “opt-out” choice for use of your personal information by third parties for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.

This Site qualifies for the alternative option. Gracenote’s Site has a privacy policy which provides you with information on how you may “opt-out” from the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, Gracenote is not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information during the preceding year for marketing purposes. If you are a resident of the State of California and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please contact us at [generalcounsel@gracenote.com](mailto:generalcounsel@gracenote.com).

**Site Privacy Statement Updates.** Gracenote will update this Site Privacy Statement as Gracenote’s business and services expand and change. Updates to this Site Privacy Statement will be posted on the Site. Gracenote encourages you to review this Site Privacy Statement periodically to review any changes that have been posted. Gracenote will never change its commitment to your privacy.

**Questions.** If you have any questions, comments or feedback about Gracenote’s use of Collected Information or about this Site Privacy Statement, please contact us at [generalcounsel@gracenote.com](mailto:generalcounsel@gracenote.com). Gracenote will use reasonable efforts to promptly investigate any complaint you may have regarding our use of Collected Information, and to comply fully with the legal and regulatory supervisory authorities responsible for enforcing Gracenote’s adherence to the privacy principles stated above.

© 2000-present. Gracenote, Inc. All rights reserved.  
This Site Privacy Statement was last updated on June 29, 2016.
