> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the grainger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040603205438id_/http%3A//www.grainger.com/Grainger/static.jsp%3Fpage%3Dhelp_privacypol.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Grainger.com

**The Information We Collect**  
W.W. Grainger, Inc. ("Grainger") collects various types of information from all of its customers including visitors to Grainger.com (the “Site”). Grainger’s web server collects general data pertaining to each Site visitor, including the IP address, the domain name, the web page, the length of time spent and the pages accessed while visiting this Site. This information is collected to, among other things, aggregate information from online and offline sources, facilitate system administration, improve the content of this Site, customize and improve the user experience for Site visitors and customers, and improve customer service generally. Grainger also collects personally identifiable and transactional information provided by companies and Site visitors that purchase products from the Site. This information includes shipping information, credit cardholder name and card number/expiration date. Grainger may also retain the content of the communications that are sent to Grainger customer service representatives. This information helps Grainger to respond to inquiries regarding this Site.   
  
**Use of the Information Collected**  
Grainger uses the information that is collected from Site visitors and customers to, among other things, better serve customers, improve the content of this Site, and customize the shopping experience for Site visitors and customers. Grainger may also use the information collected to notify Site visitors of changes to this Site, to notify Site visitors of new products, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose of Grainger. Grainger may choose to share information with third parties, such as suppliers, financial institutions, and third party service providers, and with any successor to Grainger’s interest. Grainger may disclose information about any Site visitor in response to subpoenas, investigative requests (with or without subpoena) and other legal process, to exercise Grainger’s legal rights and defend against legal claims.  
  
**Security**  
Grainger Site security is a priority. Grainger continually reviews and updates the security methods implemented to protect information transmitted via this Site, including measures to secure and protect all personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Grainger, however, cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure.

**Cookies and Other Technology Information**  
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a web site to give you a unique ID (each, a "Cookie"). Grainger uses Cookies to track new visitors to this Site and recognize past customers so that Grainger may present more personalized content. Cookies are used to assist Grainger in customizing Site information. Cookies used by this Site do not contain any personally identifiable information. Grainger cannot identify a customer unless that information is provided voluntarily. IMPORTANT NOTE: If you configure your computer to block or erase cookies you will not be able to use this Site. 

Grainger also contracts with a third party data collection and reporting service ("Third Party Service") to collect information regarding Site visitors and their use of this Site. The Third Party Service uses Cookies on Grainger’s behalf to collect such information. Grainger uses this information to provide Site and service enhancements for customers and Site visitors. The Third Party Service is contractually prohibited from using information obtained in the course of providing these services to Grainger in any manner other than solely for Grainger’s business purposes. Nevertheless, Grainger respects your right to choose whether to be included in the services the Third Party Service provides to Grainger. If you would like to opt out of those services completely, please click [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20040603205438id_/http%3A//www.grainger.com/Grainger/cm_optout.jsp).

**Unsubscribing from E-Mail Marketing**  
Each Site visitor can unsubscribe from receiving e-mails containing promotional offers from Grainger simply by sending a request indicating such desire to [feedback@ic.grainger.com](mailto:feedback@ic.grainger.com). 

**Links**  
This Site may be linked to other sites that are not owned, maintained or operated by Grainger and not subject to the same Privacy and other Policies. Grainger is not responsible of the content of those sites or the use of any information collected from you by those sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply any recommendation or sponsorship of such sites and Grainger disclaims any liability for links: (i) from another website to this Site, and (ii) to another website from this Site.

**Policy Updates**  
Grainger may update this policy from time to time. Please check the Site periodically for updates. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Site. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which Grainger handles personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided on the Site. 
