> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the grammarbook.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171202174223id_/https%3A//www.grammarbook.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Last Modified: June 14, 2012 

Thank you for visiting [GrammarBook.com](http://grammarbook.com/). We are committed to respecting your privacy and security as a visitor to this website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand the policies of the Site related to online privacy and customer security. 

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at . 

**_Types of Information Collected_**

**Information Provided By You**

This Site collects personal information online, including names, postal and e-mail addresses, and billing information, entered by the visitor in order to join our mailing list or register with the Site. 

**Information Collected and Stored Automatically**

This Site is not set up to track, collect, or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. However, as with many websites, the Site logs do generate certain kinds of non-personally identifiable information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit, as well as site usage data (e.g., the number of hits and visits to the site). 

**Information Collected By Third Party Advertisers**

The Site uses Google, a third party vendor, to host customized advertisements that may be of interest to you, the visitor. 

Google uses cookies to serve ads on the Site. Specifically, Google uses the DART cookie to serve ads to our visitors based on your visit to the Site and other sites on the Internet.  When you view an ad, or click on an ad supported by Google’s advertising services, Google may set a cookie on your browser. 

The use of cookies is fairly standard on many websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. Should you desire, you can change your browser's settings to either refuse to accept cookies or notify you when they are placed on your computer. You can also opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the _[Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_cookies.html)_.

**_How Information Is Used_**

**Information Provided By You**

The Site will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is submitted.   If you have difficulty removing yourself from our database, you can contact us directly at . 

**Information Collected and Stored Automatically**

This information is used for internal purposes only. The statistics generated by the site do not contain personally identifiable information and cannot be used to gather such information. 

**Information Collected By Third Party Advertisers**

We use a third-party, Google, to serve ads when you visit the Site. Google may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, _[click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_cookies.html)_.

We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can _[click here](http://valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml)_.

**_Protection of Information_**

[GrammarBook.com](http://grammarbook.com/) has employed physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. [GrammarBook.com](http://grammarbook.com/) encrypts credit card information. 

**_Release of Information_**

The Site will never rent or sell your personal information. We may, however, release personal information without your consent pursuant to a court order or as required by law.

**_How to Correct or Remove Your Information_**

If you would like to correct or update any information you have provided to [GrammarBook.com](http://grammarbook.com/), or if you would like to remove your information from our database, please contact us at . 

**_Links to Third Party Sites_**

This Privacy Policy concerns only the Site and does not concern any website to which the Site may link. Should you choose to visit these third-party sites, you should review their privacy policies to ensure that you understand and are comfortable with their practices concerning your personal information. 

**_Privacy Policy Changes_**

This Privacy Policy may be revised or supplemented from time to time. We anticipate that such changes will be minor. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and should the changes be significant, seek to provide a more prominent notice.  If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Site periodically. 

   **_Compliance_**

If you have a complaint about [GrammarBook.com](http://www.grammarbook.com/)'s compliance with this privacy policy, please contact us at .
