> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the graphpad.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181002233138id_/http%3A//www.graphpad.com/company/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# graphpad.com

**Privacy Policy**

Last Updated: May 23, 2018

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which GraphPad Software, LLC (hereafter also referred to as “GraphPad” “we” and “us”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User” or “you”) for our software, websites, products, and services (together, collectively the “Service”).  By accessing the Service, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy and also agree to the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/terms/) of the Service located at: <https://www.graphpad.com/company/terms/>

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the data you input into our Service or the files generated by using our Service (“Your Content”).

We reserve the right to make any changes to our privacy policy at any time, notice of which may be posted on this privacy page at <https://www.graphpad.com/company/privacy-policy/>.  Users must refer back to our privacy policy to read any changes in our privacy policy.

**Information We Collect**

Account Information.  When establishing an account with our Service, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”).  Personal Information that we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address.

Usage Data.  Besides the Personal information, we may also collect other information regarding your activity during your use of the Service including, but not limited to, session duration, time between sessions, searches made during a session, actions taken, log in time, log out time, and other behavioral data (collectively, “Usage Information”).  

Location Data.  We collect your IP address and infer location information such as city or postal code from your IP address, as needed, in order to provide the Services or send you communications.  

When you use the Service, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service.  This information may include, but is not limited to, your computer’s Internet Protocol address (IP address) or other identifier, your general location, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to the Service, and in-bound tracking, namely, the source (ad, social media channel or blog, search engine) which made you aware of the Service.  

We may collect the information provided in your  feedback, questions, information provided when you interact with our technical support representatives.  Your conversations with our technical support representatives may be recorded and monitored to improve our service, troubleshoot and protect against errors, and process and resolve your complaints or questions.  We may also collect and use any files that you send to us for troubleshooting in order to improve our Service.

**How We Use the Information Collected**

The Personal Information and Usage Information we collect from the Service will be used mainly as follows: (i) to confirm your software license and confirm product activation; (ii) to provide, maintain, protect and improve the Service (including data analytics), (ii) to respond to your submissions, questions, comments, requests and complaints and provide customer service; (iii) as part of our efforts to keep the Service and integrations safe and secure; (iv) to protect GraphPad’s rights or property; (v) for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, customization, and improvements to service and experience on the Service; (vi) to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; and (vii) for any other legitimate business purpose for which the information was collected. We may use information to provide online advertising on the Service and to send you information we think may be useful or relevant to you. You may opt out of email marketing by using the unsubscribe link in a marketing email or you may opt out by altering your account settings.

We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the Service and use it for any purpose and share with other partners or third parties.

For personal data that is subject to General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), we rely on several legal bases to process your data, which include (i) when you have given consent, which you may withdraw at any time by sending an email to [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com); (ii) when data processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, such as the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/terms/), and (iii) our legitimate business interests, such as improving and personalizing the Services, marketing new features or products that may be of  interest to you, and promoting safety and security of the Services and our Customers.

GraphPad may on occasion combine information collected with additional records (such as information from affiliated companies, partners, distributors, or outside vendors, and publicly available information, including on social media sites).  The combined information may be used for purposes such as to market products, features, or services that may be of interest to you, or for research and analytics.

**Sharing Information with Third Parties**

GraphPad may share your information: (i) where your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in to the sharing of data; (ii) with vendors and service providers retained in connection with provision of the Service, including for data analytics purposes (iii) to comply with law enforcement requests and legal process (such as a court order or subpoena) legal action or law enforcement (“Legal Reasons”); (iv) to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/terms/)  or our other policies or agreements; (v) respond to your requests; (vi) protect GraphPad’s, your, or others’ legal rights and/or property (“Prevent Harm”); or (vii) if GraphPad is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, in which case the use of your information will be governed by the provisions of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time GraphPad collected such information. We use Google Analytics and Amplitude Analytics for data analytics. If you do not want these providers to collect and use information about your use of the Service, then you can install an opt-out or analytics blocking extension in your web browser, such as  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.

**Choice & Control**

We know members of our community value having control over their own information, and therefore GraphPad gives you the choice of providing, editing or removing certain information, as well as choice over how we contact you.  Should you wish to provide, change, or remove information, or alter communication preferences, please email us at [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com).  If you live in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland (“Designated Region”), you have several legal rights regarding your information as discussed below.   

Accessing and Exporting Data.  Should you wish to obtain a copy or export your Personal Information, in a common file format, please submit your request to [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com).

Editing and Deleting Data.  You may modify some personal information in your account settings. Should you wish to make other changes or delete your account, please submit your request to [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com). If you choose to delete your account, most of your information will be deleted within 30 days, but it may take up to 180 days to delete all your data and other data stored in our backup systems due to size and complexity of our systems used to store data.  

For various reasons, GraphPad may contact you about our services or your activity. Some of these messages are required, service-related messages for members.

Objecting or Restricting Data Use.  You have options to control our use of your data.  You may limit how your information is visible to other users or made publicly available and limit the notifications or emails you receive from us by contacting us at [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com).  Please note that should you opt-out of receiving notifications or emails from us, you will still receive administrative messages from us.  

If you live in a Designated Region, you have the right to object to our processing of your information based on our legitimate interests and the right to object to the use of your information for direct marketing purposes.  You may control our marketing communications to you by accessing your account settings. Additionally, you should review our Cookies & Tracking Technologies section for your options to control how we and our partners use cookies and other technologies for advertising.  If you no longer wish to use GraphPad’s services or receive service-related messages, then you may close your account.

If you have any questions about how to exercise these choices, please e-mail us at [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com)

**Service Providers, Business Partners and Others**

GraphPad does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable.  GraphPad is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other websites on the Internet, even those linked to or from the GraphPad site. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.

We may employ third party service providers to facilitate our service, to provide service on our behalf, to perform website related services (including but not limited to maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of GraphPad’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our website and service are used and can be improved. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf.

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement**

GraphPad must cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law.  In the event of a claim and/or legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of GraphPad or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to pose a risk of being illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we in our sole discretion find necessary or appropriate.

**Business Transfers**

In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, GraphPad may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, and your Personal Information may be transferred as part of that transaction.  To the maximum extent allowable by law, the Privacy Policy will apply to the User information as transferred to the successor entity. However, User information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.

**Security**

The security of your personal information is important to us.  Your GraphPad account information is protected by a password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized access of your account and information by choosing your password carefully, and keeping your password and computer secure by signing out after using our services.  Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as GraphPad has no control or responsibility for this type of user information. You agree not to disclose or share your user information and/or password with any third party. You are responsible for any activity using your account, whether or not You authorize that activity.  Please immediately notify GraphPad of any unauthorized use of your account.

GraphPad encrypts sensitive information (such as credit card number) using secure socket layer technology (SSL).  GraphPad follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once GraphPad receives it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer over the Internet.

If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or if you're not quite comfortable shopping online, please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at (858) 454-5577.

**Cookies & Tracking Technologies**

GraphPad uses a variety of technologies to help us better understand how people use the Site.

A cookie is a small data file sent from a web site to your browser that is stored on your computer's hard drive.  GraphPad uses our own cookies for a number of purposes, including to access your information when you sign in; keep track of preferences you specify; display the most appropriate content based on your interests and activity on GraphPad; estimate and report GraphPad's total audience size and traffic; conduct research to improve our content and services.  You can configure your browser's settings to reflect your preference to accept or reject cookies. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to take full advantage of services offered by the Site.

We use Flash cookies (a.k.a local shared objects or LSOs) to store some of your viewing preferences on our site. Flash cookies are used to collect and store information, but differ from browser cookies in the amount, type and manner in which data is stored.  GraphPad does not tie the information gathered by Flash cookies to your personally identifiable information.

GraphPad may partner with third-party services who may use various tracking technologies, such as browser cookies or Flash cookies, to provide certain services or features. These technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer each time you visit GraphPad, but do not allow access to personally identifiable information from GraphPad.  GraphPad does not have access or control over these third-party technologies, and they are not covered by our privacy statement. You may be able to change browser settings to refuse and/or disable cookies when you access the Site through a web browser. The steps to do this vary depending on the browser used, but generally can be found by using the “Help” feature available on your browser.  However, if you do that, the Site may not work properly and/or personalized features of the Site will be disabled. GraphPad is not presently configured to respond to DNT or “do not track” signals from web browsers.

Do Not Track Signals from Web Browsers – The Service is not presently configured to support Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals from web browsers.

**Data Retention**

GraphPad will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  If you no longer want GraphPad to use your information to provide you services, you may close your account. In some instances, we will delete or anonymize the information you provide to us after it is no longer needed.  We also keep information about you and your use of the Service for long as it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, legal reasons (e.g., legal requirements to keep data), and to prevent harm to GraphPad and/or its users.

**Our Policy toward Children**

GraphPad is not directed to nor is it intended for children under 18 years of age.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information (or any information at all) from any persons under 18.  If we become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.  Users of GraphPad accept responsibility of ensuring that children are not accessing or using our Service.

**For Users Outside of the United States Only**

The Service is hosted on servers located in the United States.   If you are a user accessing the Service from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, you are transferring your personal data to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as such other regions.  By providing user information through the Service you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/terms/). If you wish to withdraw your consent, you can delete your account as described in Choice & Control section of this Privacy Policy.  You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Service and any services offered or provided therefrom.

**For Users Residing in California -- Your California Privacy Rights**

Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by GraphPad pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via the email address stated below. Please allow at least 30 days for a response.

**LEGAL DISCLAIMER**

This Service operates "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind.  We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us arising out of or related to the Service must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles in the state of California in the United States of America.

**Updates to Privacy Policy**

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on the website or application notifying users of the changes. In some cases, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes.  You should check this website periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred.

**Contacting Us**

This Policy is part of the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/terms/) of the Service and any use of the Service is governed by those [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/terms/).  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at [support@graphpad.com](mailto:support@graphpad.com) or send your inquiries to:

GraphPad Software, LLC  
7825 Fay Avenue, Suite 230  
La Jolla, CA 92037  
USA
