> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gratispoints.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121016142231id_/http%3A//www.gratispoints.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GratisPoints

Last updated: 25/05/12

GratisPoints is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. GratisPoints is a branded site owned and operated by United Sample, Inc, headquartered in Encino, California and his offices in United Kingdom 88 Gray's Inn Road, Londres, WC1X 8AA.

Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our website and services. 

GratisPoints strives to adhere to the principles set forth in the Safe Harbor framework as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce, including as it relates to the collection, use, and retention of personally identifiable information. 

What personally identifiable information does GratisPoints collect from me?  
GratisPoints collects information in several ways from different parts of our network of websites.  
Some personal information is gathered when you register. During registration, GratisPoints asks for your name, email address, zip code, household information and personal interests. The more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is), the better we are able to customize your experience. Once you register, you are no longer anonymous to GratisPoints and you can access the various protected areas of the site.

From time to time, tracking mechanisms such as cookies or web beacons may be used to observe your behaviour by third party websites which you may choose to view while being on the GratisPoints site. Some of these websites may sell or offer goods or services. You should review the privacy policies of those websites, but such policies may allow for information gathered about you to serve targeted advertisements to you based on your browsing behaviours. These advertisements are served to you on multiple third party websites in which GratisPoints has no control. Please consult the privacy policies of such third party websites for more information. For a more detailed discussion of cookies generally, please see the section immediately below. 

What are cookies and how does GratisPoints use them?  
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Gratis Points may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. Some areas on Gratis Points where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable may require that you accept cookies. This avoids you having to enter your login information many times in one day.

Currently, cookies are utilized by GratisPoints within the following four primary categories or uses: (1) business cookies which operate as a quality control and verification mechanism in connection with the survey process; (2) performance cookies so that traffic patterns and uses on the Gratis Points website may be measured and optimized; (3) user cookies so that user information may be recorded so as to enhance performance and user experience on the website; and 4) targeting cookies which are utilized to measure web viewing for market research purposes. 

If you do not wish to have your activity and browsing behaviors tracked by GratisPoints, you may opt out by contacting our customer support team at [support_uk@surveyhelpcenter.com](mailto:%20support_uk@surveyhelpcenter.com) or selecting the opt-out button located on the “My Account” page. 

You can also try to change the browser settings on your computer or your mobile devices which can allow you to “disable cookies.”

Who is collecting information and for what purpose?  
GratisPoints collects valuable information, which assists in developing new products and services. When you are on a Gratis Points site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Gratis Points or with any other third party with whom you elect to share such information with, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than Gratis Points, the use of your data and personal information will be governed by appropriate confidentiality and security agreements between GratisPoints and such third parties. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by electing not to participate in any given survey. Promotions that run on Gratis Points may be sponsored by companies other than GratisPoints or may be co-sponsored by GratisPoints and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If data will be shared, you will be notified prior to the time of data collection or transfer. You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do not want your data to be shared.Any Sensitive Information (i.e. personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual) will be treated with additional care. If Gratis Points intends to disclose such information to a third party or use it for a different purpose than originally collected, then you will be expressly asked permission prior to any such disclosure.Please be aware that GratisPoints advertisers or websites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those websites linked to Gratis Points are not covered by this privacy statement. Please consult the privacy policies of such third party websites for more information.

With whom does GratisPoints share my information?  
As a general rule, GratisPoints will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below. Please see the Terms of Service or User Agreements for each of our products and services for more detailed information about how your personal information may be shared. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed. Business Partners & Sponsors: GratisPoints may disclose your personal information to business partners or sponsors, but this is described to you prior to data collection or prior to transferring the data. If any personal data about you were ever to be shared, we will tell you before we collect or transfer the data.

Many promotions offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information, you give Gratis Points permission to GratisPoints may match user information with third party data. Also, GratisPoints discloses aggregated user statistics (for example, 45% of our users are female) in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. Other: GratisPoints may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating GratisPoints’ Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Gratis Points’ rights or property, other GratisPoints users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. GratisPoints may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.

Children under the age of 13  
Because this website and its surveys are not directed to children under the age of 13, we do not provide memberships to persons under age 13. If you are under the age of 13, please let your parent or guardian know about this Policy and get his or her permission before you give us any of your personal information or demographic information, use our website or participate in surveys. Except as may be required by law, United Sample will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under the age of 13 without the parent’s express approval and consent.

Minors Generally  
In some jurisdictions, participation in Gratis Points, its surveys, and other offerings are subject to age restrictions and other limitations, up to age 18. Please consult your local requirements but if you have a specific question or query, please contact: transfer your personal information to the sponsor so they can fulfil your request. In many instances, only your email address will be shared. If more information will be shared with the sponsor, you will be notified prior to the transfer.

From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties. If you opt-in to receive information from these third parties, Gratis Points will (with your permission) share your name and email address with them. Third Party Data & Data in the Aggregate: Under confidentiality agreements, 

Information for Parents/Guardians  
If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child has submitted his or her personal information without your permission or consent, United Sample will take reasonable steps to remove that information from the its database at your request. To request removal of your child’s information, please send us an e-mail at [support_uk@surveyhelpcenter.com](mailto:%20support_uk@surveyhelpcenter.com) and be sure to include in your message the same user name, password, and e-mail address that your child submitted.

What are my choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of my information?  
Only GratisPoints (or agents working on behalf of Gratis Points and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings and only if you indicated that you do not object to these offers.  
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those Gratis Points services that require registration in order to participate.

What is GratisPoints’ policy on allowing me to update, correct, or delete my personally identifiable information?  
You may edit your Gratis Points Account Information and your public GratisPoints Profile at any time by using your GratisPoints ID and password. If you have forgotten your password, please [click here](http://%20http//www.gratispoints.com/forgot_password.php).  
Your Gratis Points account can be deleted or deactivated. Please contact [support_uk@surveyhelpcenter.com](mailto:%20support_uk@surveyhelpcenter.com) for further instructions about deleting or deactivating your GratisPoints account.

Can I receive surveys on my mobile devices?   
In addition to websites, some GratisPoints survey and solutions are offered via mobile devices. You will participate in such surveys only to the extent you expressly agree to participate through this platform. You acknowledge and agree that in such circumstances, mobile tracking functions will be enabled which track your mobile device via a Global Positioning System (“GPS”) for the sole purpose of providing you with customized and timely surveys and services which are tailored to query your specific preferences and opinions and to provide the most meaningful and timely information to Gratis Points clients and partners. If, after participating in these offerings you can elect to opt out at any time.   
What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of my information?  
Your GratisPoints Account Information and GratisPoints Profile are password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information.

We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. GratisPoints will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of your Gratis Points account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.  
Whenever GratisPoints handles personal information as described above, regardless of where this occurs, GratisPoints takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, GratisPoints cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.

If there is a sale of a majority of the shares or assets of the legal entities owning and operating Gratis Points, you agree that your personal information and data may be transferred or assigned to such new owners.

Finally, in the event there are materials changes to this policy in the future, Gratis Points will make appropriate announcements and disclosures on this website. 
