> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the digitallanding.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171204161443id_/http%3A//digitallanding.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Digital Landing

The information Bridgevine collects about you at our websites, and the subdomains there of (the “Sites” or “Websites”) is used to administer the Website and to provide information to Website visitors about the Site’s various services and tools, and to provide general news, information, entertainment and ecommerce capability. Bridgevine, together with Bridgevine partners and operators, are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we,” “us,” “our” or other similar pronouns, or “Bridgevine.”

This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to your use of the Website, whether accessed through mobile or desktop applications, or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Privacy Policy does not govern Bridgevine’s treatment of information it collects and receives about you other than through this Website, for example in connection with any other services provided to you by Bridgevine.

This Privacy Policy covers how Bridgevine treats information that Bridgevine collects and receives about you via this Website, or in email, text or other electronic messages between you and the Website, and including the personal information we collect through the various features, services, and software that we use to provide the Site to you. It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application, feature, service, software or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website. If you choose to take advantage of any third party offerings, you should read the privacy policies of such third parties.

The information learned from this Website’s users will help Bridgevine provide an enhanced online experience for its subscribers. Bridgevine tracks certain information about users (as further described below), including, but not limited to, the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider (e.g., Bridgevine Internet). By having this information, Web pages optimized for a particular visitor’s preferences are automatically made available to that visitor.

Personally identifiable data (as further described below) about visitors to this Site are collected by Bridgevine, for example, when users register or subscribe for newsletters, accounts or features, change services or service settings on our Website, make online purchases, enter sweepstakes and contests, complete surveys, contribute to a chat room, message board, blog, or other similar open forum on our Website, submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on our Website, or send us an email, or in any other way submit personal information to us via our Website. We may use your personally identifiable information to send you notices (for example, in the form of emails, mailings, and the like), and otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies and events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you, unless you choose to opt-out of these mailings (as described below).

Bridgevine sites (other than this Site), as well as any other third party sites linked to from this Site, may each have different privacy policies and practices. Bridgevine is not responsible for the information practices of non-Bridgevine sites, or channels or areas of this Site, that are operated by third parties. You should carefully review these other privacy policies in order to determine how each third party may use any personal information you provide.

When you submit your information to Bridgevine, you are agreeing to receive additional information, via the information submitted, including updates on digital product offerings, promotions, and other related products and services, including Third Party Services, which may be of interest to you from Bridgevine or our business partners. Our site’s Availability Form requires certain information for the purpose of determining if service is available. This information will be sent to our business partners for order processing and fulfillment. The business partner may require additional information from you to complete the order process. That information will be gathered on the business partner’s website, via the telephone and/or Bridgevine’s Website. **We may use your phone number to follow-up with you via phone.**

If you prefer not to receive further information or phone calls, please use the opt out procedures provided at the bottom of each email or the opt out procedures below.

Bridgevine does send product marketing email. We use your email address which may be entered for service qualifying order placement or via other email capture methods. Any email communication that you receive from Bridgevine, contains a prominent “Opt Out” link in the body of the email. By clicking on the “Opt-Out” link, you will have removed your email address from our mailing list, and you will not receive any further product marketing communications from Bridgevine.

This site gives users the following options for notifying Bridgevine of their choice not to receive future communications from us or our third party providers;  to no longer receive our service; or to be added to our do not call list.

2\. You can send mail to the following postal address:  
Bridgevine  
2770 Indian River Blvd., Suite 400  
Vero Beach, FL 32960

Here are the types of information Bridgevine gathers and how this information is used:

Bridgevine receives and stores certain types of website usage information whenever you interact with and navigate through our Website. Here are the types of website usage information Bridgevine gathers and how it is used.

We may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies track where you travel on our Website and what you look at and purchase. They may store, for example, the information in your shopping cart, and/or your username and/or password. All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Website.

Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies (technically known as Flash “local shared objects”). However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Website or certain areas or features of the Website.

We may use “clear GIFs” (aka “Web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, in the Website and/or in our communications with you, for example, to enable us to know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a Web page or message.

Our server automatically collects data about your server’s Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet. When you request pages from our Website, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Website; the site you visit after this Website; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Website or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.

Ads and Content displayed to you on the Site may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on your personal information and website usage information, including (but not limited to) non-personally identifying information, which we may obtain from you or from other sources. Any or all of these activities with regard to website usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers.

We may make available a service through which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service (“SMS Service”). If you subscribe to one of our SMS Services, you thereby agree to receive SMS Service messages at the address you provide for such purposes from Bridgevine. Your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages, and you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions on the Site or in the message you receive. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device you use to sign up for the SMS Service, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. To use the SMS Service, you must be 18 years of age or older and reside in the United States. You must first register and provide all required Personal Information, which may include, for example, your name, SMS address, wireless carrier and, if fees are applicable to the SMS Service you subscribe to, billing information (either your credit card information or mobile service carrier information if applicable fees will be billed through your carrier). We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of the SMS Service. We will use the information we obtain in connection with our SMS Service in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies.

You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. We may also access the content of your account and/or wireless account with your carrier for the purpose of identifying and resolving technical problems and/or service-related complaints.

We may use third-party advertising services companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (generally not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Site and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear gifs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear GIFs is generally not personally identifiable (unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or email message). We encourage you to read these businesses’ privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your personal information. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Network Advertising Initiative’s consumer Website at[http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising?gclid=CNXz7NHX_tECFUsvgQodKY4NJQ)

Bridgevine also receives and stores information that may personally identify you. Visitors to the Website who decide to register or login in order to request a more personalized Website experience, or accept any of the various promotions and other product or service offerings (i.e., security downloads) that may be made available on the Website from time to time, may be asked to enter certain types of personally identifiable information that will allow Bridgevine to provide those promotions and offerings to the visitor. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected include: name, postal address, email address and phone number; Bridgevine account number, CPNI customer code, Website login, user ID and/or password information; social security number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; credit card or other payment information; demographic information and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. Certain other information collected, such as security questions, may be used by Bridgevine to verify your identity in the event that you lose or forget your Website login credentials.

Disclosure of Information to Outside Parties: Bridgevine will not disclose information about you to any other party except under the circumstances as described below, or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or required or permitted by law: Unless you opt-out, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties (such as co-sponsors of our sweepstakes, contests and other offerings).

Bridgevine may share your information with its affiliates, service providers and other third parties that help to operate our business and this Website and deliver the products and services available on or through the Website.

When you contribute to a “public” area or feature of our Website, such as a chat room, bulletin board, blog or other open forum that we may make available on or through our Website, the information that you submit will be made available to other users. For this reason, we recommend that you not submit any sensitive information on these areas of the Site, including your full name, home address, phone number, financial information, or other information that would enable users to locate you. Bridgevine provides your information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Bridgevine and under confidentiality agreements to assist in order and rebate fulfillment, and for other purposes to assist Bridgevine. However, these companies do not have any independent right to use, sell or share this information.

When Bridgevine believes it should, it will respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and to establish or exercise Bridgevine’s legal rights or defend against legal claims.

Bridgevine shares information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to Bridgevine’s property or the physical safety of any person, violations of Bridgevine’s terms of use or as otherwise allowed by law.

In the event that Bridgevine, or any affiliated entity, or substantially all of its assets related to a particular geographical region, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, user information may be one of the transferred assets.

Bridgevine may disclose your information in any other way we may describe when you provide the information.

Bridgevine will take steps to protect the security and integrity of all sensitive information provided to this Site. However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password and any Website login or user ID information, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or any person or entity using your password, login or user ID, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website.

In the event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.

Bridgevine online products and services and applications are for the sole use of Bridgevine customers in managing their accounts and the products and services they receive. If you choose to provide access to certain of your account data to third parties Bridgevine cannot be held responsible for any release of account or personal data that occurs as a result of such transmissions or access that you provide to others.

Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [iso@bridgevine.com.](mailto:iso@bridgevine.com?gclid=CNXz7NHX_tECFUsvgQodKY4NJQ)

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as S.B. 27, allows our California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either iso@bridgevine.com or Chief Privacy Officer, Bridgevine Inc., 2770 Indian River Drive, Vero Beach, FL 32960 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty days of receipt.

Bridgevine will occasionally update this Privacy Policy at Bridgevine’s sole discretion. Please check the Website frequently to see recent changes. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon posting thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, Bridgevine may occasionally notify you by email about changes to the Website and/or this Privacy Policy, or provide notices of such changes by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Website. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.

To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at [iso@bridgevine.com.](mailto:iso@bridgevine.com?gclid=CNXz7NHX_tECFUsvgQodKY4NJQ)

Effective October 3, 2003, telemarketing rules went into effect as promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission for the National Do Not Call Registry. If the person has not made a previous request, an outbound telemarketing call still may not be made if the person’s number is on the “do-not-call” registry. 16 C.F.R. 310(b)(1)(iii)(B). There are two exceptions to the prohibition against calling a person on the “do-not-call” registry: (1) express agreement, in writing, including the telephone number to which calls may be placed and the signature of that person (which may include an electronic or digital signature), 16 C.F.R. 310.4(b)(1)(iii)(B)(i); (2) the seller has an “established business relationship” with the person and the person has not previously made a specific objection to receiving a call by or on behalf of the seller.

The FTC rules further define an “established business relationship” as including a “relationship between a seller and a consumer based on:… (2) the consumer’s inquiry or application regarding a product or service offered by the seller, within the three (3) months immediately preceding the date of a telemarketing call.” 16 C.F.R. 310.2(n)(2).

A seller cannot call a person who has “previously stated that he or she does not wish to receive an outbound telephone call made by or on behalf of the seller whose goods or services are being offered.” 16 C.F.R. 310.4(b)(1)(iii)(A).

Bridgevine does not make outbound telemarketing calls, although we may follow up via email or telephone with users with whom we have established a business relationship in order to provide additional relevant information or to assist users during the ordering process.  If you do not wish to receive further email or telephone communications from us, please use one of the procedures above under the heading “Choice/Opt Out.”

© 2017 Bridgevine, Inc. All rights reserved
