> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the digitalchocolate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091016011934id_/http%3A//www.digitalchocolate.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Security | Digital Chocolate

|    


## Your Privacy Matters to Us

  
Welcome to Digital Chocolate, Inc. ("Digital Chocolate"). Your privacy is important to us. We have created this policy, which explains what personally identifiable information we collect from you on our Web sites (the "Site") and in our mobile or PC software applications and any related services and how we use and disclose that information. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. If we decide to change this policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. The changes will be effective when posted, and your continued use of the Sites or our mobile or PC applications after the effective date of such change constitutes your consent to the collection practices described in such revised statement. Please check this page on a regular basis and whenever you use this Site so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.   
When we use the term "personal information" in this policy, we are referring to personally identifiable information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number), and information about that individual or such individual's activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personally identifying information. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Sites or categories of Site users, from which any personal information has been removed. For example, information that forty-seven percent of the Sites' registered users identify themselves as male, but without identifying any specific individuals as male, is aggregate information. We collect aggregate data for a number of purposes, including to help us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new publications, products and services, and tailor existing publications, products and services to user desires. This policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information. 

## What Information We Collect and How We Use It

  
**Log Files** When you visit our Web site, Digital Chocolate collects standard information about your computer, such as your IP address, browser type and operating system version. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to improve our products and services. This information may also be used to gather broad demographic information that does not personally identify you.  
When you use some of our mobile or PC applications, information may be transmitted about your activities in the application as well as information you enter in the application, to our servers. We use this information to provide the service to you, to improve our applications and related services, and to gather broad demographic information that does not personally identify you. We may also use the information to learn about and resolve problems with the application, to improve the application and our other products and services, and to develop new products or services. In addition, if any application includes any location-based services, your location may be shared with Digital Chocolate while using such feature. 

**Information You Provide to Us**  
At several places on our Sites, we may collect certain information you provide to us which may contain personal information. The following are some examples of certain activities on the Sites through which you may provide personal information. 

**Registration and transactions**  
We may collect personal information when you register for a Digital Chocolate account or for other features or services on our Web site. For example, you may sign up for a newsletter or Club membership. Signing up for a newsletter or applying Club membership requires you to provide personal information, such as your mobile telephone number, an email address, a member name, and/or a PIN or password that will either be chosen by you or created for you by Digital Chocolate (together, these are your "Account Information"). We use this information to identify and communicate with you, such as in to notify you about new features, enhancement, and inform you of upgrade opportunities, contests, prizes or special events. Your member name may be viewable with other members and users of interactive applications and services and on the Digital Chocolate Web Site, so you should choose a member name that you are comfortable having displayed publicly.   
For processing transactions we may also collect either credit card information or bank information depending on you form of payment. 

**Contests, surveys and other activities**  
Digital Chocolate may also collect personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, demographic information and information about your tastes and preferences that you provide when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or participate in a survey or similar activity on our Web site. Additionally, you may be required to provide other personal information if you are selected as a winner in a contest or drawing. 

**Interactive Features**  
Personal information may also be collected if you provide personal information in connection with interactive features of the Sites or of any mobile or PC applications, such as creating a profile, sending a wallpaper image to your phone, participating in discussions, leaving comments or inviting a friend. Additionally, information, such as your performance or rank in games, or your friends' member names, may be associated with your member name and displayed on our Web site and in our applications and related services. 

**Mobile and PC Applications**  
Some of our mobile or PC applications may require you to input your wireless telephone number, e-mail address or other personal information into the application. We use this information in connection with providing the application, such as to authenticate you and to communicate with you regarding our services by SMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device or e-mail address. 

**Subscriptions, resumes and other requests.**  
If you subscribe to the Digital Chocolate e-mail newsletter, request support, send us an email, submit a job application or resume or otherwise contact us through the Sites, we collect personal information such as your name and email address and any other personal information you provide in such communication. We use such information that we collect in these manners to fulfill and contact you regarding your request and for the other purposes set forth in this policy. 

**Other Use of Personal Information**  
In addition to the specific uses mentioned above, we may use the personal information we collect (a) to contact you about your use of the Sites or the mobile or PC application, such as for administrative purposes or to provide you with customer service; (b) for the purpose for which it was provided, such as to provide our products and services, to fulfill or respond to your requests, to process transactions, and to send you the communications you requested; (c) to notify you about important changes to our policies, Web site or our products or services, (d) to contact you regarding new and existing Digital Chocolate features, products and services, and special Digital Chocolate offers, promotions and events that we think you may find interesting and for other internal marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes; (e) to request feedback and to improve the Sites and our product and service offerings, and develop new products and services; (f) to provide product support; 

**How to Update Your Personal Information and Contact Preferences**  
If you wish to stop receiving marketing communications from us, you can always opt out by replying to a message that we send you. You may reply to messages from us with STOP or END to opt out of future communications. You also have the ability to opt out of receiving certain types of communications from us by visiting and logging in to the My Profile section of the Digital Chocolate Web site. When you are logged in to the My Profile section, you may also view and update your Account Information. Whenever you decide to change your Account Information and contact preferences, please make sure to do so for each Digital Chocolate account you have with us. 

**How We Protect Your Information**  
We have put reasonable security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, destruction and alteration of information under our control. For example, when you access your Account Information, we use the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to encrypt information you input before it is sent to us. 

**Our Disclosure of Personal Information**  
Except as described in this policy, Digital Chocolate will not share your personal information with third parties unless you have consented to the disclosure or Digital Chocolate believes the disclosure is appropriate to (1) comply with the law or with legal process, (2) protect and defend our rights and property, such as to determine, bill and collect for amounts owed to us, (3) protect our customers or users, including from misuse or unauthorized use of the Digital Chocolate Web site or our services, or (4)protect the safety or property of our employees, customers, users or others. Digital Chocolate may disclose or transfer your personal information (1) to its corporate affiliates (for example, its subsidiaries or parent corporation), (2) to its service providers (like fulfillment, hosting, or payment service providers), but only for their use to provide the requested service, (3) to an acquirer in connection with the sale or other transfer of the business or assets of Digital Chocolate, or (4) where you provide your express consent to the disclosure. Digital Chocolate will require its corporate affiliates and service providers that receive your personal information to limit their use and disclosure of your information to the purposes for which you provided it. When you participate in interactive mobile or PC applications or interactive areas of the Sites, certain information you post in connection with such application or on the Sites is shared with other users, and your use of the Sites or the mobile or PC application constitutes your consent to share this information. For example, personal information that you transmit through the mobile or PC application or that you post in any comments, reviews, profiles, discussion groups or other interactive area, or other information that is provided for the purpose of being shared is publicly available to other users and can potentially be viewed by anyone.   
Digital Chocolate may collect and create or derive aggregate statistics about our customers and visitors, as well as information regarding sales, traffic patterns, and related Web site information that cannot be used to identify you. We may use this "aggregate" or "de-identified" information for various purposes, and may disclose it to third parties. For example, we will not tell our business partners that you bought a particular item, but we may tell them how many customers in certain demographic groups bought certain items. 

**Links to Other Web Sites**  
Our Web site may contain links to sites operated by third parties that we think may be of interest to you. When you leave our Web site, our policies, including this privacy policy, no longer govern. Any information you provide to these third parties is subject to their privacy policies, which may differ from ours. Digital Chocolate is not responsible for the actions of those parties, the content of their Web sites, use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Our link to a third-party site does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, the third party. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of these third parties before providing personal information to them. 

**Cookies**  
The Digital Chocolate Web site uses "cookies," which are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and are used to either identify you as a returning customer or improve the experience on our Site. Third parties that place advertising banners or other content on our Web site may also use cookies. Digital Chocolate is not responsible for the information collected by these third parties' cookies or those third parties' use of the information they collect.

**A Note About Children**  
At Digital Chocolate, we understand that children's privacy is important. Our Web site and our applications and related services are not intended for use by children aged 12 or younger, and we do not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children aged 12 or younger. If you are 12 years old or younger, do not submit any personal information to Digital Chocolate. 

**How to Contact Us**  
Digital Chocolate welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please give us your feedback via email to [Support@Digitalchocolate.com](mailto:support@digitalchocolate.com). 

| 
