> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the digitaljournal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226023931id_/http%3A//www.digitaljournal.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Digital Journal

| 

### Privacy Policy

**Summary:**

We collect your data (specifically outlined below, but generally basic information about you in a such as name, email, company name, etc) strictly to provide you with access to our news, research, events and other programs. We will not share this data with anyone unless you explicitly consent to us doing so. We honor your right to privacy and will comply with your wishes to remove your data from our systems. 

**Our commitment to privacy**

You deserve to know how we collect and use the data you provide to us, and that’s what we are providing to you on this page. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the digitaljournal.com website, or the website of our sister sites, specifically DX Institute, DX Journal, Digital Journal Group and the mesh conference. This notice was updated in May 2018 to reflect GDPR compliance standards. 

**How we use your information**

We use the data you provide to us for the following purposes: 

* Provide you with access to the content, research, and events we produce. 
* Analyze profile or behavioral data to help us improve the products we offer to you. 
* In specific cases we will be contractually obligated to share your data with one of our third party advertisers or partners (for example, webinars, downloads or special events). In these instances, we will make it clear that the data you share will be transferred to the third party. You will always have the option to not have your data shared by not taking part in that specific program. We will store this information to keep you informed about other relevant products that may be useful to you. We will never use or share the information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above. As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Google Chrome or Firefox), your operating system (such as Windows 10 or Mac OSX), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit networkadvertising.org. You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Some information, such as IP and your email address, may be shared with the following third parties who help us run our website and email programs. They will only use this information to serve our needs and are prohibited from using it in any other instance. They are: Hubspot (behavioral marketing and email acquisition, email), Google (ad serving and website tracking), Comscore (website analytics), Facebook (behavioural marketing), Linkedin (behavioural marketing), Twitter (behavioural marketing), Mailchimp (email), 33 Across (analytics). **Consequences of failure to provide consent** Consenting to allow us to process and store your data is optional. However, failure to provide that consent will prevent us from delivering the content, events and other experiences to you as mentioned above. **The information we collect** Across our web platform and events, you will be presented with the opportunity to sign up for newsletters, purchase event passes, submit your information to access content such as white papers or webinars, apply for eligibility at certain events and more. The type of information collected on those pages generally includes but is not limited to: • Email address • Name • Job title or seniority • Location • Company name • Company type • Mailing/billing address Credit/debit card information (*NOTE: we do not save or store this information, and it will only be shared with our payment processors in order to complete the transaction in which you are engaging.) Based on the information you provide to us, we may create or append other information to your profile in the interest of better serving you (for example, your interests). As is the case with all data we collect, this will be kept private and for our business purposes only. **How to ask us to delete your data** We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the website. Your use of the website following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of our Site. If you would like to unsubscribe from our communications at any time, you may do so in the footer of any of our emails. If you would like us to delete your information entirely, or request the information we store about you, please fill out the form below. Otherwise, by continuing to interact with our emails and programs, you provide us with permission to manage and use your data as described above. **Data removal request** Please [submit your email address using this form](https://share.hsforms.com/1c_nNYxuhSGSQEvMvJVa60Q2op78). **Our commitment to the security of your data** To prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your data and maintain the accuracy and cleanliness of our own data while ensuring the correct use of it, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Questions about our privacy policy or how we use data? Email [support@digitaljournal.com](mailto:support@digitaljournal.com) with “Privacy policy question” in your subject line. _Digital Journal Inc. Privacy Policy – Last updated May 22, 2018_

|   
---|---
