> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the diglloyd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230192726id_/http%3A//diglloyd.com/site-privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# diglloyd - Privacy Policy

Please note that the practices of DIGLLOYD Incorporated, its affiliates, and agents ("DIGLLOYD"), with respect to data collected and used by DIGLLOYD in connection with this website and all other websites of DIGLLOYD with authorized links to this policy (collectively, the "Site") and DIGLLOYD products and services available or enabled via the Site ("Products and Services"), are governed by this online privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") as amended from time to time, and not the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those DIGLLOYD sites that have their own privacy statements. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Products and Services enabled by the Site and follow the procedure described in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities, websites other than the Site, or products and services not available or enabled via the Site, except as expressly set forth in the section entitled "Data not collected on this Site." To the extent that any terms of the Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and DIGLLOYD regarding the use of specific areas of the Site or specific Products and Services (including Product- and Service-specific licenses, terms of use, or privacy disclosures) (collectively, "Product Agreements"), the terms of the Product Agreements shall govern. 

The Site and the Products and Services are intended for adult audiences, and DIGLLOYD does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. 

###  Changes in Privacy Policy 

All personal information ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. DIGLLOYD may change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of all changes in the Privacy Policy through indications on this Privacy Policy and in the footer of the web pages with authorized links to this Privacy Policy. If as the result of such changes you want to alter the ways in which DIGLLOYD is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to DIGLLOYD you limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by DIGLLOYD or by third parties, DIGLLOYD will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if DIGLLOYD sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or DIGLLOYD (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that DIGLLOYD may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without obtaining your further consent. DIGLLOYD will provide notice of such asset sales, acquisitions, or mergers on this Site. 

###  Entities collecting personal information 

Personal information on this Site is collected on behalf of DIGLLOYD by DIGLLOYD INC, who is responsible for this Site. DIGLLOYD Systems Incorporated's address is DIGLLOYD INC 3130 Alpine Rd #288-256 Portola Valley, CA 94028. 

The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information. 

###  Updating your personal information and privacy preferences. 

You have the right to access, correct and delete inaccuracies in your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information (as defined in the section entitled "Protection of your personal information"), this may be accomplished by logging in to your account on the relevant DIGLLOYD website, where you can typically view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications) by writing DIGLLOYD at: 

DIGLLOYD INC   
3130 Alpine Rd #288-256   
Portola Valley, CA 94028 

Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us. No specific form is required to notify DIGLLOYD of changes to your address or privacy preferences. 

Personal information submitted through this Site or in connection with the Products and Services that is not Registration Information is not accessible online. To access and/or correct such information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications), you may write DIGLLOYD at the above address. 

All users may also contact DIGLLOYD [via email](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230192726id_/http%3A//diglloyd.com/contact.html). 

In your correspondence, please indicate with as much detail as possible the personal information about which you have questions or concerns. You may expect a response within 30 days. For information submitted in connection with Products and Services, you may also follow instructions included or referenced within such Product and Service to access, correct or delete inaccuracies in the information. 

###  Collection of personal information 

As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing online or hosted Products and Services, DIGLLOYD may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form. It is optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, DIGLLOYD may ask that you provide certain personal information (as well as certain non-personal information that may be tied to personal information), such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), country of residence, e-mail address, and telephone and facsimile numbers,. When ordering Products and Services via the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number and billing and shipping information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Similarly, if you wish to delete your information (pursuant to the mechanism set forth in "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences") that is mandatory, you will no longer be able to engage in that particular activity. 

When you use the Site and the Products and Services, DIGLLOYD may also collect certain information about your computer to facilitate, evaluate and verify your use of the Site and the Products and Services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit webpages, click patterns, Session ID (a unique identifier assigned to the browser in connection to the Site), and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. DIGLLOYD also uses such information to measure traffic patterns on the Site and usage of the Products and Services. We do not match such information with personal information held about you by DIGLLOYD unless we have your consent, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. 

By using this Site and the Products and Services, you agree and acknowledge that personal information collected through the Site or in connection with the Products and Services may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which DIGLLOYD maintains offices, including the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted third party vendors or agents of DIGLLOYD such as credit card processors, shipping agents, web hosting providers, mail and email service providers,communication services, and web analytic providers, to help facilitate DIGLLOYD in providing certain functions. Another instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible, and the pages are hosted for DIGLLOYD by such third party vendors. For example, on the sign up pages for some newsletters, the pages may be hosted by a third party vendor, but appear to be DIGLLOYD.com pages and they are therefore governed by this Privacy Policy. Personal information may be shared with these providers to fulfill the service. Such third parties are bound by contract with DIGLLOYD not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. 

DIGLLOYD has established relationships with various providers of services and products who are not part of DIGLLOYD and who may not themselves be providing products and services to DIGLLOYD or on DIGLLOYD's behalf ("Providers"). Providers do not include third parties contracted by DIGLLOYD to perform services on DIGLLOYD's behalf. The services of these Providers may be available to you from the Site, from websites that are linked to the Site, or in connection with the Products and Services. Typically, these Providers offer services that DIGLLOYD customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Products and Services. In order to use Providers' products and services, you may be required to provide personal information to the Providers or agree to allow DIGLLOYD to share your personal information with such Providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a Provider's website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on that site, and personal information that you provide while on the Site will be subject to this Privacy Policy. 

In order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, prevent fraud and prevent abuse of our Site and the Products and Services, as well as to provide more consistent, relevant experiences to our users, we may on occasion supplement or correct the personal information you submit to us and your Internet Protocol (IP) address with information in our other databases or information from third-party sources. For example, if permitted under applicable law, we may supplement your Registration Information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database. As permissible, we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information (such as age or interest in photography) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you. 

###  How your personal information is used 

DIGLLOYD collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select and to prevent fraud and unlawful use. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and to contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information may also be used to track customer preferences to provide a customized Site experience and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of DIGLLOYD and selected Providers unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law. DIGLLOYD does not share personal information it receives from residents of California or from residents of any other place with such Providers for the Providers' own marketing purposes unless DIGLLOYD has received an opt-in from you. 

DIGLLOYD may collect information about the use of the Products and Services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of Services used, how many users we receive daily, Site pages visited, and the IP address of your computer. This information is generally collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually, although IP address and Session ID in relation to purchases and downloads may be tracked as part of DIGLLOYD's customer order review and fraud prevention efforts. Other exceptions to this, where an individual may be identified individually, are noted in this Privacy Policy or in additional privacy terms connected to a specific Product, Service or website. 

DIGLLOYD may use aggregate, nonidentifying statistical data for improving the Site and the Products and Services, providing more relevant experiences to our customers and for statistical analysis. 

Certain Products and Services may require you to use the most current version of such Product and Service or are offered in conjunction with other Products and Services, which you may or may not have already downloaded. The Product and Service may automatically check to determine if you are using the most current version or have other Products and Services and through e-mail messages, pop-up boxes or similar mechanisms inform you if need to upgrade in order to use the Product and Service you have requested. During this process, an IP address identifying your computer and the Product and Service version may be sent to a Web server, but system profile information is not transmitted nor are cookies used to store information. 

###  Your choices with respect to personal information 

DIGLLOYD recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site and in connection with the Products and Services. DIGLLOYD will respect your legal rights regarding access to, and correction and deletion of, your personal information. DIGLLOYD may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from DIGLLOYD unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although in such cases we may find it necessary to continue to communicate with you regarding your use of the Site and the Products and Services. In addition, you may receive communications and special offers from selected Providers (or from DIGLLOYD on behalf of such Providers), but only if you previously opted in to receive such communications. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, DIGLLOYD will not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent. If you have opted to receive email communications from our selected Providers and later wish to discontinue receipt of these emails, please contact those third parties directly to update your preferences. 

There are other instances in which DIGLLOYD may divulge your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. 

We may also freely disclose your name and/or general location and/or city/state or geographical location as part of a quote or testimonial or letter to the editor or general inquiry or any similar activity as part of the customary "blog" or other imformational areas of this site. We may quote freely from any general correspondence you might send us via postal or email or other means. We may do this without your assent. 

###  Protection of your personal information 

The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of the Site or of the Products and Services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available upon request. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on secure servers that only selected DIGLLOYD personnel and contractors have access to via password. DIGLLOYD takes reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information. 

Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on secure servers and is accessible only to selected DIGLLOYD personnel and contractors via password. 

###  Community Sites 

Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board, blog or chat room, email list, and to community help, wikis, cookbooks, personal sharing URLs and user profiles (the "Community Sites") is available to all persons accessing that location, and your e-mail address and other personal information or content you upload may also be posted on these Community Sites. The information you share, including your email address, would then be available to all persons accessing these Community Sites, and such information may be read, collected or used by others for any purpose, including sending you unsolicited messages. DIGLLOYD is not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these Community Sites or the use of such information. In addition, you should be aware that some Community Sites offer a service or might offer a service in which subscribers are e-mailed a copy of all messages posted to the Community Sites on a particular topic. Consequently, if you post a message to such Community Sites, your e-mail address will be sent to those subscribers who have indicated an interest in the topic of your message. If you do not wish for your personal information to be posted or distributed in this manner, you should not participate in the Community Sites. 

Data not collected on this Site or in connection with the Products and Services  
Personal information that is not collected on the Site or in connection with the Products and Services is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also covers licensee information (such as contact name and address) provided in connection with DIGLLOYD's licensing program. If you wish to access and/or correct such information, please contact DIGLLOYD. 

###  Tracking, use of cookies, web beacons and similar devices 

In order to improve our Products and Services and the Site and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our customers, we and our vendors and agents may use "cookies," "web beacons," and similar devices to track your activities. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables DIGLLOYD to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. A similar device may be used by which a Product and Service may send data to a server when a set of user-initiated events occur such as the "Add to Cart" button is clicked. This device is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different than a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer. 

While DIGLLOYD uses cookies and similar devices to track your use of the Site and the Products and Services (such as the number of downloads, types of Products and Services used and downloaded, how many users we receive daily, the Site pages visited), and web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, DIGLLOYD does not generally use this information to identify you personally, but might do so in order to monitor site usage for compliance with license and/or usage terms. Your navigation path around the Site and the Products and Services will be tracked in identifiable form. 

DIGLLOYD may also collect data about your online activities on the Sites for use in providing content and advertising tailored to your interests; if this occurs, you will be able to choose whether or not to have your information collected for such purpose. Some Products and Services allow the tracking of access to or use of Products and Services by users, as opposed to DIGLLOYD. For example, certain Products and Services allow document authors to restrict access to documents, track access to or use of those documents, or involve communications and transmission of data over the Internet to verify the authenticity of documents, authors and recipients. In many cases, this type of tracking will be obvious to you as a user of the Products and Services, and in others, the software and services license or terms of use, pop-up boxes, or email messages will inform you of these features and your options, such as disabling options. 

We may also ask you to provide information of others such as when reporting suspected piracy. In this instance, we will ask for the person's or company's name and contact information so that we may investigate. Personal information supplied in these instances will only be used for the purpose being submitted. 

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, and most Products and Services that include similar devices are typically initially activated to collect data. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies or similar devices will probably not be able to access those pages or the related Products and Services.) Information about non-cookie tracking devices and their features, including disabling options, are contained in the information materials provided with such Products and Services or on Site pages relating to such Products and Services. 

DIGLLOYD also hires other companies to place our banner ads on other websites. Such companies perform tracking and reporting activities on ads served and user reaction ("third-party advertisement servers"). They do not collect any information other than IP addresses and behaviors associated with those IP addresses on our behalf, and we do not give any personal information to them. Third-party advertisement servers are subject to their own privacy policies. DIGLLOYD may also allow other companies to display advertisements on certain pages of the Site or within the Products and Services. If you click on these advertisements these companies may place a persistent cookie on your computer which may allow them to display further advertisements to you. It is our policy to require these companies to provide accessible methods for you to disable these cookies. Should you have any complaints about the practices of any of these companies you should contact privacy-officer@DIGLLOYD.com. 

###  Privacy complaints 

DIGLLOYD takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that DIGLLOYD has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write to the DIGLLOYD Privacy Officer at the following address or fill out a privacy complaint form 

Our mailing address is: DIGLLOYD INC 3130 Alpine Rd #288-256 Portola Valley, CA 94028 

Email contact information at http://diglloyd.com/contact.html. 

In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly. s. 

If you provide DIGLLOYD with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that Providers may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), DIGLLOYD will endeavor to update your privacy preferences in DIGLLOYD's records with the latest preference in a timely and accurate manner. Also, please note that DIGLLOYD is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-DIGLLOYD websites to which this Site or any other DIGLLOYD website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites. 
