> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dignitymemorial.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181010071720id_/https%3A//www.dignitymemorial.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Dignity Memorial

Service Corporation International and its subsidiaries (including regional entities operating under the Dignity Memorial®, National Cremation Society® or other brands) (“SCI”) are committed to respecting the privacy of our clients and website visitors in a manner that would be expected of a leading provider of funeral, cemetery and related services. We value our relationships with existing and prospective clients, and recognize that an essential element of those relationships is the trust and confidence of the families we serve.

This Privacy Policy applies to personal information provided or obtained on our websites (“Sites”), including any mobile applications that we may offer. This Policy does not apply to personal information that may be provided using the websites of our business partners or any other third parties, even if those third-party websites are linked to our Site.

Please note that, when you post any information or other content to an online obituary, guestbook or memorial using our Site, such information and/or other content is viewable by the public, and the security and other protective provisions of this Privacy Policy do not apply.

Please also note that information or other content submitted on a third-party memorial website or floral website linked to this Site is subject to the terms of the privacy policy applicable to such third-party website, and not the terms of this Privacy Policy.

_**Information we collect**_  
We may collect and store the following information when you use this Site:

Contact and Content Upload Information. When you contact us using one of our online contact forms, we receive the messages you send as well as the personal information you provide, such as your name, phone number and email address, and any funeral or cremation-related products and services you tell us you are interested in. If you upload a digital photo or written content, we also receive any personal information you submit at the time.

Transactional Information. We generate and collect information concerning our clients as necessary to offer and provide services and merchandise, including information generated or received in connection with your transactions with us. This may include information that you provide for payment purposes, such as shipping address, billing address, email address, and credit card or bank account information. We also may receive information (but not payment card information) concerning your transactions with some of our business partners (such as floral, memorial, or insurance providers) when those transactions are related to merchandise or services that we have been asked to provide for you.

Many of our Sites include links to websites operated by third-party providers of floral arrangements and delivery services (“Third-Party Floral Sites”). Information provided on Third-Party Floral Sites is governed by the third-party’s privacy policy, not this Policy.

In some instances, we operate a floral arrangement and delivery service websites (“Our Floral Sites”) using the software or services of a third-party service provider. In connection with orders placed on Our Floral Sites, we collect information and provide it to our service provider and a local florist to facilitate the provision of goods or services you request. For example, if you place a floral order through Our Floral Sites, we may ask that you provide information related to the destination of the delivery, any special message to accompany the delivery, any special instructions for the delivery, the purpose of the delivery, information related to service issues in connection with the delivery, and payment card information. We do not store your payment card information other than a redacted credit card number, which is provided to the local florist. Instead, payment card information is encrypted and forwarded to our service provider for secure handling by its payment processor. We may also provide Internet Protocol (“IP”) address information to our service provider for fraud detection purposes.

Log Data. When you access and use our Site, we may automatically record information concerning your activity on the Site. This may include your IP address or other identifier, your browser type, the types of information you search for and view on our Site, locale preferences, and your mobile carrier. If you arrived at our Site by clicking on an advertisement or promotion on another website, we may also take note of the web page you visited before you came to our Site.

Cookies. A “cookie” is a small data file that we transfer to your browser or mobile device. We use cookies to collect information in order to study, enhance and improve the use and capabilities of our Site. We also use cookies to enable certain features of our Site, and to preserve your preferences and customize your experience when you visit and return to the Site. Most browsers provide controls whereby you can choose to block receipt of cookies, to delete cookies, or to be prompted before cookies are received. Please note that, if you delete or choose not to receive cookies from our Site, the functionality of the Site may be impaired. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage or delete them, visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

Third Party Advertising and Analytics. We use third-party advertising services to serve ads when you visit some of our Sites, and we use third-party analytics services to help us understand and improve the usage of our Sites and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. These services currently include but may not be limited to: Google Analytics, Google DoubleClick, Adobe Analytics, Silverpop and ExactTarget. In some situations, we permit the third-party companies providing these services to set and access cookies (or similar data tools, such as “pixel tags” or “web beacons”) through our Site and our marketing email. These companies may use your IP address or an anonymous identifier as well as certain information from your browser, together with other non-personal information about your visits to our Sites and other websites, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on our Site and other websites and/or to provide analytical information for our Sites and other websites.

If you would like more information about advertising networks, including choices about the use of information by Google and other companies for multi-site advertising purposes, go to [www.networkadvertising.org](https://www.networkadvertising.org/) and [www.networkadvertising.org/choices](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/).

Geo-Location Information. Many mobile devices permit applications to access real-time location-based information. We may collect and use such information, with your consent, in order to enhance the features and functionality of our mobile applications and service offerings. In addition, some of the information we collect, such as IP addresses, may be used to estimate an approximate location of the device you are using to access our Site.

_**Online tracking/do-not-track signals**_  
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not track your activity across third-party websites, and we do not knowingly allow other parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites when you use our Site.

Currently, various Internet browsers offer a “Do-Not-Track” option that uses a header to indicate a Do-Not-Track preference on the browser. Because the providers of Do-Not-Track and similar signals do not yet operate according to common, industry-accepted standards, we currently do not respond to those signals. For more information about Do-Not-Track, please visit [www.allaboutdnt.com](https://allaboutdnt.com/).

_**How we use personal information**_  
We use personal information to provide you with quality services, to carry out requested transactions, and to improve our Site and our service and merchandise offerings. We may use some of the information that we collect concerning you in order to present you with information concerning services or merchandise that may be of interest, and we may share that information within our family of affiliates. For example, we may tailor our marketing efforts based on the types of services and merchandise you purchase, the services and merchandise in which you demonstrate an interest, and your use of our Site. In some instances, we may share limited personal information with third-party online floral and memorial websites in connection with our funeral, cremation or other time-of-death services, and when you navigate to those third-party websites from our Site. In addition, we may retain and use communications, transaction details, your IP address and identifying information in order to maintain audit trails for security purposes.

We also provide personal information to third-party providers of goods and services who assist us in providing services or merchandise to you. We require that those providers use personal information only for that purpose, and we also require assurances that they will appropriately protect personal information entrusted to them. We may also share personal contact information with companies that are not affiliates of SCI (e.g., floral providers or companies in the senior living industry) when we believe you may be interested in their products or services, so that those companies can market their own products and services to you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not share personal information about California or Vermont residents except as permitted by law.

_**Protecting personal information**_  
We are committed to maintaining the security of personal information. We employ reasonable security measures to secure and protect the information we receive. Please remember, though, that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure.

_**Disclosure policy**_  
We disclose personal information as necessary to operate our business, such as in connection with providing services to you or processing your transactions. We also may disclose information concerning you if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or to protect and defend our rights or property, or those of others. In addition, we may share anonymous information aggregated to reflect Site traffic volume, average time spent on a Site, pages viewed and other such parameters with our business partners, advertisers, consultants or other persons or entities for any legitimate business purpose. We may share information with our affiliates and with non-affiliates as described under “How We Use Personal Information” above.

_**Sales, mergers and acquisitions**_  
In the event of a sale or other transfer of ownership of one or more funeral home or cemetery locations or other business units to a third party (whether by private sale, through operation of law, as part of a divestiture plan or otherwise), we will provide personal information and transaction history associated with each such business unit to the persons and/or entities assuming control of such business unit.

_**Public disclosure using non-restricted services**_  
As stated above, when you post any information or other content to an online obituary, guestbook or memorial using our Site, such information and/or other content is viewable by the public, and the security and other protective provisions of this Privacy Policy do not apply. Our Sites make online and voice-recorded Guest Books, Death Notices, Obituaries, Biographies, Photo Galleries, Moving Memories®, other online memorials, location of funeral and cemetery services, and other postings to our non-restricted services available for viewing by all our visitors unless the sponsor or host of a service selects a privacy setting that restricts public access (available as an option only on certain services). Any information or other content disclosed on a non-restricted service becomes public information and may be collected and used by others without your or our knowledge. Also, please keep in mind that the posting of your user ID or alias in connection with public disclosures may result in the transmission of unsolicited messages to you from persons and entities over which we have no control. Please exercise caution and good judgment when disclosing any personal information in any non-restricted service. Note that we cannot be responsible for any online postings by a family member, friend, acquaintance or other person or entity outside of our control. Such activities and the associated postings are also outside the scope of this Policy.

_**Links**_  
The Site may contain links to other websites, and other websites may link to this Site. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. Whenever you visit another website—via a link from this Site or otherwise—you should review the privacy policy of that other website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information provided or obtained on our Site.

_**No use by children under the age of 18**_  
The Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not use our Sites. If a parent or legal guardian posts an entry on behalf of a child under the age of 18 on an online guestbook or other section of the Site, the parent or legal guardian must indicate that such entry is being made on behalf of the child by the parent or legal guardian. Caution and good judgment should be used in connection with any information provided concerning the child. If we believe that any information has been posted by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information. Parents may contact us using the methods set forth below to request that information concerning their child be removed from our Site.

_**How to contact us**_  
Customer questions, comments and feedback are very important to us. For privacy-related issues, [click here](mailto:help@dignitymemorial.com) to contact us via email, or write to us at: Service Corporation International, 1929 Allen Parkway, Houston, TX 77019.

_**Your California privacy rights**_  
Under California's “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in connection with purchasing products or services from us may make a request concerning personal information, if any, that we have shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing purposes. Such a request may be made by sending an email message to [help@dignitymemorial.com](mailto:help@dignitymemorial.com?subject=Request%20for%20California%20Privacy%20Information) with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line of the message. In response to such a request, we will provide information as required by the California law for the previous calendar year concerning such other businesses and the categories of personal information, if any, that we have shared with them.

_**Notification of changes to policy**_  
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Whenever we decide to change this Policy, notice of the change will be posted on the Site for a reasonable period of time. Nevertheless, you should review the Privacy Policy from time to time to be sure you are aware of the most recent version. Please be assured that we will only use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information was collected.

Revised December 2016.
