> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hamiltonbeach.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231070617id_/http%3A//www.hamiltonbeach.com/privacy/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hamilton Beach: Privacy

**WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE THAT INFORMATION**

HBB does not collect any personally identifiable information from you (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) unless you voluntarily choose to disclose such information. We will not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. Your information may be used for research on usage patterns, product development, online site customization, targeted marketing, customer satisfaction surveys, customer purchasing habits or other purchasing information. If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, do not submit it to us.

Co-Branded Services: Some HBB services are offered in conjunction with a partner company. These are called co-branded services. In order to provide these co-branded services to you, it is necessary for us to share information with our partner company. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than our partner companies, you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.

Aggregate Information: We collect non-personal information about our customers, and aggregate this statistical information in order to improve our Web Site. When we say that we may share such information in "aggregate" form, we mean that we will not disclose individual names, addresses, telephone numbers and e-mail addresses unless we have your permission. External companies may be provided aggregate information about our customers.

Use of IP Addresses: An Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from the Web Site, our servers log the guests' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. HBB collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of this Web Site. We also use IP addresses to collect statistical information to send to our advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes.

Use of Cookies: HBB uses "cookies" on this website because they help us in many ways to make your visit to our Web Site more enjoyable and meaningful to you. Cookies are text information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. HBB may use such "cookie" technology to obtain information from you as an online visitor. Cookies flag information about your activity on our Web Site. This information helps us improve our site and make it friendlier and easier to use. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We never use cookies to save passwords, credit card numbers or other highly confidential information. When you click on HBB's advertisements and banners on third party advertiser sites, cookie tracking from these campaigns also provide information to HBB that is used to help HBB measure and improve performance. You may choose to opt-out of using our advertising-related cookies by clicking on the following link: <http://media.hamiltonbeach.com/optout.html>.

Use of Web-beacons: HBB may also use so-called "web beacons" to access the information contained in cookies within the network of the HBB web sites. Web beacons, also sometimes called "pixel tags," are small strings of code placed on a Web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. HBB may employ the use of cookies and web beacons on our Web Site's pages to deliver our ads, to measure the effectiveness of advertising, including our email promotions, and to learn how visitors use our Web Site.

Information from Children: HBB does not direct its Web Site to children under thirteen (13) years of age. No information should be submitted to this Web Site by persons under 13 years of age, and persons under the age of 13 are not allowed to register for newsletters, clubs or activities. Individuals under eighteen (18) should consult with their parent or guardian about the use of this Web Site for their benefit. Users under 18 years old are not allowed to make purchases or participate in contests. When appropriate, HBB may ask you to indicate your age to verify compliance with these policies.

HBB does not knowingly collect information from our guests under 13 years of age or provide any personally identifying information from such guests to any third party for any reason whatsoever. We do not allow guests known to be under 13 years of age to receive direct marketing communications from HBB or from third parties.

Monitoring, Enforcement and Legal Requests: HBB has no obligation to monitor the Web Site or the use of the Web Site, or to retain the content of any user session. However, HBB reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. We may use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to protect our service, Web Site, customers, or others.

Change of Ownership or Control: In the event that HBB becomes owned or controlled by other individuals or entities, the information we have collected may be transferred to such party or parties. In this case, such individuals or entities will follow this Privacy Policy in the place of HBB's current owners.

Other Sites: Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this policy only addresses HBB's use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose personal information to other sites, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of these other sites. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose any personal information.

HBB has and may add links to third party sites. Because such linked sites are not under the control of HBB, we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements contained on any such linked sites. Access to any other Internet site linked to this Web Site is at your own risk. HBB has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Web Site. HBB provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement by HBB of such third party sites or any goods or services offered by such third parties.

Advertisements: This Web Site may provide advertisements to its users. By clicking on an ad, you may be linking to a third party Web Site that is not controlled by HBB, and may have different information gathering practices than HBB.
