> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sxswedu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180525044254id_/https%3A//www.sxswedu.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SXSW EDU Conference & Festival

**Last modified: May 24, 2018**

SXSW, LLC, its agents, subsidiaries and affiliates (“SXSW”) produces the SXSW Conference and Festivals, SXSW EDU Conference and Festival, and SXSW Gaming Festival (collectively, the “Events”), and is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy identifies what information is collected about you and how it’s used by SXSW when you use the websites [www.sxsw.com](http://www.sxsw.com/), [www.sxswedu.com](http://www.sxswedu.com/), [www.sxswgaming.com](http://www.gaming.sxsw.com/), explore.sxsw.com, or the SXSW GO mobile app (collectively, the “Site”), purchase goods or services, or communicate with SXSW.

To request a summary of the information that SXSW collects about you, or to request that data be deleted or changed, please email datarequest at sxsw.com. To update your email marketing preferences, please email [sxsw at sxsw.com](mailto:sxsw@sxsw.com).

## Personal Data Overview

Below is an overview of the type of personal data SXSW commonly collects, and how we use that personal data.

## How and Why We Collect Personal Data

**Delivering a Customized Site Experience**

**Cookies**. We use cookies to collect the information detailed in the chart above. Cookies are small computer files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive that allow us to know how often you visit the Site and the activities you conduct while on the Site (e.g., whether you purchase SXSW credentials, referred to here as a “Badge”). Every computer is assigned a different cookie by SXSW.

**Deactivating Cookies**. You can block collection of your information and Site activity by turning off cookies. You will find further information on how to turn off cookies in the support page of your respective browser. Deactivating cookies may hinder our ability to provide you with certain services or your ability to enjoy certain features of the Site.

**Web Beacons**. We also may use web beacons to collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of our Site. Web beacons are tiny graphic image files embedded in a web page or email that provide a presence on the web page or email and send back to its home server information from the users’ browser. The information collected by web beacons allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Site, or are opening our emails.

**How Use We Cookie and Web Beacon Information**. The information collected by cookies and web beacons helps us dynamically generate content on the Site or in emails specifically designed for you, allows us to monitor Site traffic (i.e., where a user is geographically located, device type, browser selection, referring website, Site navigation, demographic information), and provide advertising tailored to you, as discussed in detail in the Marketing and Promotions section. We will not link non-personal cookie or web beacon information to any personal data collected, unless you share that personal data with SXSW through one of the SXSW forms (e.g., subscribing to a SXSW Newsletter).

**Location Services**. You can opt-in to Location Services on the SXSW GO app, which will enable SXSW to communicate with you about the SXSW event based on your location using push notifications. If you opt-in to location services, SXSW will collect the geofence zones you enter. SXSW may use this information in the aggregate to understand attendee navigation of the Event.

**SXSW Recommends**. You will have the option to favorite schedule information in order to log the events you are interested in attending. If you favorite items on the SXSW schedule, you will receive schedule, event, and registrant networking recommendations from SXSW based on those favorited items. You can also choose to make your profile in the SXSW GO application public or private. If you make your profile public, you will receive recommendations for other registrants in the directory based on the other registrants you’ve favorited, and your profile may be used in recommendations to other registrants.

**Public Forums**. If you share personal data with others in a forum, such as via SXSW Social, that information will not be private. Please think carefully before disclosing any personal information in any public forum.

**Co-branded Channel Partners**. SXSW links to co-branded products and/or services to websites hosted and operated by companies other than SXSW, such as YouTube for video content and MeetingMax for hotel reservations (each a “Channel Partner Website(s)”). The co-branded SXSW pages that you may access through a Channel Partner Website may have different registration processes and privacy policies. If you visit a Channel Partner Website, please read the privacy policy that is posted on that site.

**Marketing and Promotions**

SXSW works with third-party service providers to collect information about your Site activity using common tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and tags. These tools allow SXSW to customize your experience on the Site by analyzing Site traffic and providing you with content and advertising that is tailored to your interests. If you don’t wish to have your activity tracked, learn more about the [Do Not Track tool](https://allaboutdnt.com/).

SXSW also uses linked advertisements and newsletters to deliver information to you that is interest-based or about the Event.

**Tracking Technologies**

**Cookies & Web Beacons**. We may use information from cookies and web beacons collected from your use of the Site to target your online activity, browser or apps, with certain advertisements, and/or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. By using the Site, you agree to SXSW collecting and using your behavioral information for those purposes.

**Third-Party Tracking**. SXSW works with advertisers that use tracking technology (i.e., Facebook Pixel, LinkedIn Insight Tag, etc.) to collect information about your Site activity and third-party website activity that allows us to customize the content and advertising that is delivered to you. We may also use third-party tracking technology to generate analytics reports used to improve our Site, track our success at reaching audiences, and optimize delivery of Site and ad content specifically targeted to your interests based on your use of our Site. We will not combine non-personally identifiable information collected through third-party advertiser tracking with your personal data. We will not attempt to disaggregate data that third-parties report in aggregate.

**Google Analytics**. We use Google Analytics Demographics & Interests reports to improve our Site, track our success at reaching audiences, and optimize delivery of Site and ad content specifically targeted to your interests based on your use of our Site. We also use Google Display Network Impression Reporting in order to understand the effectiveness of different ad types across various platforms, and remarketing with Google Analytics to deliver relevant ads to you based on your use of our Site. We may use additional Google products and services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes. We will not combine non-personally identifiable information collected through Google Analytics with your personal data. We will not attempt to disaggregate data that Google reports in aggregate. The [Google Analytics Terms of Service](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en) govern Google’s ability to use and share information collected through Google Analytics. You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by using the [Google Analytics Opt-Out tool](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

**Linked Advertisements**. Our Site or emails may include links to external websites of third-party sponsors, SXSW business partners or advertisers. Third-Parties may use their own cookies, tracking codes, or web beacons when you click on their advertisement or link to their site or service, even if the advertisement simply appears on a page or in an email that you are viewing. In certain situations, you may be temporarily redirected to another website, which may not be apparent to you. We do not control the use of cookies, tracking codes, or web beacons by third-parties, or how they manage personal data you provide to them. You should review the privacy policy of the sites you visit to understand their privacy practices before you share personal data.

**Newsletters**. You may opt-in to receive email subscriptions that contain content about the Event based on your preferences. SXSW may suggest certain newsletter subscriptions to you based on your Site activity. To opt-in or opt-out from SXSW Newsletters, see the section below: Managing Your Preferences.

**Badges and Other Website Purchases**

**Badge Purchase Information**. In order to access certain products and services available on the Site (e.g., a Badge), you must register with SXSW and provide personal information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number. This information is necessary for SXSW to complete the purchase, provide the products and/or services to you, and communicate with you about your purchase. If you connect to the Site or sign up for promotions using your Facebook or other third party credentials, you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username, access credentials, and other information that may be available through your Facebook or other third party account, such as your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, and/or date of birth.

**Badge Registration Terms**. All Badge purchasers must agree to the Registration and Credentials Terms and Conditions (“RCTC”) available [here](https://www.sxsw.com/attend/registration-terms-conditions/), and the RFID Policy, which is available [here](https://www.sxsw.com/rfid/) and included in the RCTC. Please carefully review the RCTC and RFID Policy before proceeding with a purchase.

**Badge Usage**

SXSW scans Badges for RFID at the entrance of official SXSW events to discourage counterfeiting and to communicate with you about the Event. For example, SXSW may email you asking for feedback based on a panel you attended. RFID does not contain any personal data, however, it contains a unique ID code that may be correlated with your personal data, such as your name, phone number, mailing address and email address. SXSW does not share RFID information with third-parties for their marketing purposes, and SXSW does not track RFID tags after SXSW has ended. For more about the RFID Policy, please visit [www.sxsw.com/rfid](https://www.sxsw.com/rfid/), and direct questions regarding RFID to [rfid at sxsw.com](mailto:rfid@sxsw.com).

You can also choose to scan your Badge to participate in lead retrieval, which is a program for SXSW official clients to collect information from and to communicate with SXSW badge-holders. If you elect to participate in lead retrieval and have your Badge scanned, you will share your name, email address, phone number, company, title, City, State, and Country with the company scanning your Badge. SXSW may also use this data for aggregate reporting.

**Your Personal Financial Information**. When you purchase a Badge or any other goods or services through the SXSW shopping cart, SXSW does not retain your financial information on the SXSW servers or databases. SXSW does store your billing address information for accounting purposes. Your payment information, such as your name, address, and other financial information (i.e., credit card number, CVV and expiration date), is collected by Spreedly, which is a third-party website that tokenizes your payment information and sends the token back to SXSW. Simultaneously, Spreedly sends the SXSW payment information to Paymentech, LLC dba Chase Orbital for processing. Please review and agree to the Spreedly Privacy Policy, available [here](https://www.spreedly.com/privacy), and the Chase Orbital Privacy Policy available [here](https://www.chasepaymentech.com/privacypolicy/), before purchasing a Badge from SXSW and providing those third parties with your personal information.

**Other Purchases**. You may be directed to third-party websites to purchase other goods or services, such as housing or dining services, that use Paypal or 2CP/TPRO as payment processors. These third-party sites will require that you enter payment information, such as your name, address, and other financial information. Please review and agree to the applicable privacy policy for the payment processor before providing them with your personal information.

**Participating in SXSW as a Speaker, Artist, Filmmaker and More**

**Applying to Participate in SXSW**. If you choose to apply to participate in SXSW as a Speaker, Artist, Filmmaker, or any of the many other ways you can participate in SXSW, you will be asked to complete an application including your name and email address, along with other information necessary for SXSW to review your application, determine whether to select you to participate in the event, and communicate with you about your application.

**Participating in SXSW**. If you are selected to participate in SXSW, you will have access to tools that allow you to share information with SXSW in order for you to be included in the SXSW schedule and other promotions. The information you share varies on your participation, but generally includes your name and email address, and other contact information to facilitate communication between you and SXSW. SXSW uses cookies within these tools to maintain your session information so you can log out and back into the tool and it will remember you.

**Communication with SXSW**. If you email SXSW or communicate with SXSW via any chatbots, any information you share with SXSW may be stored on our email servers and elsewhere depending on your request. If you want to keep business information, resumes, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to SXSW. Storage. SXSW will store your personal data as necessary for the above-mentioned purposes or as required by applicable law.

## Sharing Your Personal Data

**Generally**. SXSW will only share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to answer your questions, provide the products and/or services you request or purchase from SXSW, or to comply with governmental, legal, or internal record-keeping requirements as reasonably required.

**Subsidiaries**. SXSW may also share your personal data with its corporate subsidiaries or entities affiliated with SXSW (“Subsidiaries”) in order to deliver the goods or services you purchased, or to fulfill a request you’ve made. Any personal data provided to SXSW’s Subsidiaries will be handled in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and cannot be used for any other purpose.

**Operations and Maintenance Vendors**. SXSW’s operations and maintenance vendors may have access to your personal data to the extent reasonably necessary to provide specified products or services to SXSW. These vendors and suppliers provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to operation and maintenance of our Site, the SXSW systems, and the Event. Access to your personal data by these vendors is limited to the information necessary for it to perform its function for SXSW. Drawings, Contests, Giveaways, and Promotions. We may offer you the chance to participate in drawings, contests, giveaways, and promotions (“Special Promotions”) through our Site. By registering for a Special Promotion, you may agree to the use of your name in marketing associated with the Special Promotion, along with the announcement of winners.

**Third-Party Promotions**. While on our Site, you may have the opportunity to sign up or opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from SXSW’s sponsors or partners or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your personal data with a third-party. If you agree to have your personal data shared, your personal data will be disclosed to the third-party and the personal data you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third-party. If you no longer wish to have your personal data shared with third-parties, you will have the opportunity to opt-out by sending an email to [sxsw at sxsw.com](mailto:sxsw@sxsw.com) .

**Necessary Disclosures**. We may release your personal data to third parties when we have a good faith belief it is necessary:

(1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special circumstances, such as a financial or physical threat to you or others, including, without limitation, if SXSW detects that a fraudulent credit card charge may have occurred. In the event that SXSW is legally compelled to disclose your personal data to a third-party, we will use our best efforts to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order

Aggregate Information. SXSW may provide third parties with non-personal information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted and that is combined with the non-personal information of other users. For example, we might inform third-parties regarding the aggregate number of users of our Site.

## Managing Your Preferences

**Opting-In**. You may opt-in or sign up for recurring informational / promotional emails from SXSW at [www.sxsw.com/newsletters](https://www.sxsw.com/newsletters/).

**Opting-Out**. You may opt-out of receiving emails, newsletters or other communications from SXSW at any time by following these steps: (1) When you have received a newsletter you wish to stop, navigate to the bottom of the email, and select the link “unsubscribe or update your email preferences here”  
(2) You may also unsubscribe by contacting us at [sxsw at sxsw.com](mailto:sxsw@sxsw.com)

## Accessing and Updating Your Personal Data

To request a summary of the information that SXSW collects about you, or to request that data be deleted or changed, please email [datarequest at sxsw.com](mailto:datarequest@sxsw.com). To update your email marketing preferences, please email [sxsw at sxsw.com](mailto:sxsw@sxsw.com).

If you have a complaint or problem you may email us at [info at sxsw.com](mailto:info@sxsw.com) and the customer service department will forward your complaint to the appropriate internal SXSW department for a response or resolution. We try to answer every email in a timely manner but are not always able to do so.

## Other Important Privacy Information

**Updating this Privacy Policy**. By using the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy and the website [Terms of Use](https://www.sxsw.com/terms-of-use/). If you do not agree to be bound by these terms, please leave the Site. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and changes are effective upon posting, so please check back to review any updates. Where We Store and Process Personal Data. Since the Site is operated in the United States, any information you provide to us will be transferred to the U.S., and you agree to that transfer.

**Our Retention of Personal Data**. SXSW retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve issues, or enforce our agreements. Actual retention periods vary depending on the data types and the goods or services you purchased.

**Collection of Data From Children**. This Site is not intended for use by persons under thirteen (13) years of age and shall not be used without the consent from a parent and/or guardian. SXSW does not knowingly collect personal data from or about children under the age of thirteen (13). If a parent or guardian believes that a child under thirteen (13) years of age has shared personal data with SXSW without the parent or guardian’s consent, please contact us at [info at sxsw.com](mailto:info@sxsw.com).

**Security**. SXSW has put in place appropriate safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to your personal data. Although we take such efforts to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, or alteration by third-parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet.

## Notice to California Residents

Residents of California have a right to request a detailed list of any third-party entities with which SXSW shares personal for their own marketing purposes. You may opt-out of having your personal data shared with third-parties by sending your request including your full name, email address, and postal address to: SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768, USA ATTN: Privacy Officer or by emailing [sxsw at sxsw.com](mailto:sxsw@sxsw.com). California residents using the Site are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814, by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210, or by email to [dca at dca.ca.gov](mailto:dca@dca.ca.gov).

## How to Contact SXSW

You may contact us by U.S. mail with any questions about this Privacy Policy at: SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768, USA ATTN: Privacy Officer, or email [info at sxsw.com](mailto:info@sxsw.com) for general inquiries and [datarequest at sxsw.com](mailto:datarequest@sxsw.com) for personal data inquiries.

* * *

Engagement with SXSW What Data is Collected and How How Does SXSW Use or Share the Data Site visit Cookies are used to collect the visitor’s IP address and anonymous, non-confidential, and non-personal information (i.e., user demographics, device type, browser selection, referring website, Site navigation, purchase behavior) -To customize your website experience

-To select and deliver content to you based on your website activities

-To provide you with relevant advertising based on your website activities

  * To establish an aggregated understanding of our website audience SXSW Auth account creation Name, email address -For the purpose of account creation



-To allow users to purchase services or products offered by SXSW

-For users to authenticate with multiple SXSW applications, including, but not limited to, the SXSW Cart, the SXSW GO mobile app and the SXSW Schedule Badge or other SXSW Cart purchase -Name, email address, physical address, phone number, company name, role, industry

-Personal financial information is not collected by SXSW, instead it’s collected and processed by Spreedly and Chase Orbital -With your consent, SXSW uses your data to provide you with tailored marketing of SXSW products/services based on your interests, general event updates (i.e. new speaker announcements, surveys, event highlights), and to inform you of special events and relevant offerings

-To establish an aggregated understanding of our purchasers Badge Use A unique RFID (radio frequency ID) code is tied to each Badge. No personal data is collected when the Badge is scanned, but that data can be correlated with other information. SXSW uses RFID to communicate with you about the Event and to discourage counterfeiting Application to participate in the Event -Each SXSW Application to participate in the Event is customized, but all include name and email address

-Personal financial information is not collected by SXSW, instead it’s collected and processed by Spreedly and Chase Orbital -To communicate with applicants

-To provide SXSW with information necessary to determine whether to invite an applicant to participate in the Event Participation in the Event as a speaker, artist, filmmaker, or More -All participants have access to a SXSW tool that stores information depending on the participation, but all of the tools include name and email address

-Cookies are used to optimize use of the tool -To communicate with applicants

-To provide SXSW with relevant information to promote its participants’ music, films, or other approved content Newsletter subscription Name, email address Your information allows SXSW to send you the SXSW Newsletter(s) you request

* * *

OLD POLICY AS OF 5.24.2018

Last modified: September 21, 2017

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) identifies what information is collected by SXSW, LLC, its agents, subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively referred to herein as “SXSW”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) about you and your use of our website, [http://www.sxsw.com](http://www.sxsw.com/), and related websites (“Site”). SXSW is committed to respecting your privacy, and we urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of this Site constitutes an agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein, and in our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use). If you do not agree to be bound by such terms, please leave the Site immediately. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and changes are effective upon posting, so it is your responsibility to check back and review this Privacy Policy. This Site is operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States, and you agree to such transfer.

**This Privacy Policy details the following information:**

  * What personally identifiable information (“PII”) we collect;
  * How we collect your PII;
  * How we use your PII;
  * How we share your PII;
  * Security;
  * How you can update PII; and
  * Notice to California residents.



## I. WHAT & HOW WE COLLECT PII

**A. PII Generally.** PII is information that can be used to identify or contact you (e.g., name, address, email address, phone number, payment information, etc.). We collect the PII that you provide to us in two general and distinct ways: (1) when you choose to purchase various services or products offered by SXSW and/or its affiliated business partners, including but not limited to the purchase of SXSW badges and the participation in the SXSW event; or (2) when you choose to participate in surveys, apply to participate in SXSW, send e-mails to SXSW, or to enjoy a customized experience on the SXSW website and affiliated websites, and personalized advertising or marketing. If you access a third party site from a link on the SXSW website, any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy and, SXSW is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. Please be sure to review the privacy policies of such third party websites before providing any personal information.

**B. Children and Privacy.** This Site is not intended for use by persons under thirteen (13) years of age. SXSW does not knowingly collect Personal Information from or about children under the age of thirteen (13). This Site shall not be used by persons under the age of thirteen (13) without consent from their parent and/or guardian. If a parent or guardian believes that a child under thirteen (13) years of age has exchanged PII with SXSW without the parent or guardian’s consent, please contact us at [support at sxsw.com](mailto:support@sxsw.com).

**C. Registration And Other Information** You may view or use our Site without registering or submitting any PII. In that case, the only information we collect will be non-personal information collected through the use of cookies or web beacons (see details below). However, in order to have access to certain products and services available on the Site, in particular the purchase of SXSW credentials, you are required to complete a registration form and provide other information, including PII, which is reasonably necessary for us to provide the products and/or services for you. If you connect to our Site or sign up for promotions using your Facebook or other third party credentials, you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username, access credentials, and other information that may be available through your Facebook or other third party account, including but not limited to your name, profile picture, country, hometown, e-mail address, date of birth, and gender.

If you purchase [SXSW registration](https://web.archive.org/attend/) credentials (“Badge”) through the Site, the Registration and Credentials Terms and Conditions (“RCTC”) available [here](https://www.sxsw.com/attend/registration-terms-conditions/) apply, and the RFID Policy available [here](https://web.archive.org/rfid) applies. Please carefully review the RCTC and RFID Policy before proceeding with the purchase of any Badge. Purchase of a Badge requires your explicit acceptance of the RCTC, which includes thee RFID Policy.

When you wish to purchase a Badge your payment information, including, but not limited to, your name, address, and other financial information, will be forwarded by Spreedly to Paymentech, LLC dba Chase Orbital for processing. SXSW cannot guarantee the security of Spreedly or Chase Orbital or any third party service provider. Please review and agree to the Spreedly Privacy Policy, available here, and the Chase Orbital Privacy Policy available [here](https://www.spreedly.com/privacy), before purchasing a Badge from SXSW and providing your PII. SXSW does not retain your financial information on the SXSW servers or databases.

When you wish to purchase certain goods or services available on the Site, you may be directed to the PayPal website to enter payment information, including but not limited to your name, address, and other financial information. SXSW cannot guarantee the security of any information provided to PayPal or any third party service provider. Please review and agree to the PayPal Privacy Policy, available [here](https://cms.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=ua/Privacy_full&am/), before providing it with your PII.

**D. Cookies** We collect anonymous, non-confidential, and non-personal information when you use our site, send us emails, or respond to special promotions or newsletters that we may send to you from time to time. Cookies are small computer files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive that allow us to know how often someone visits a site and the activities they conduct while on that site (e.g., whether you submitted orders for services or products, etc.). Every computer is assigned a different cookie by SXSW. The information collected by cookies helps us dynamically generate advertising and content on the Site or in emails specifically designed for you and also allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and selected affiliated business partners sites, or are opening our emails. We may use cookie information to target certain advertisements to your browser or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. We will not link non-personal cookie information to the PII collected. You will find further information on how to turn off cookies in the support page of your respective browser. The deactivation of cookies may hinder our ability to provide you with certain services or your ability to enjoy certain features of the Site.

**E. Google Analytics** We also collect demographic information using Google Analytics Demographics & Interests reports to improve our Site. This information allows us to better understand Site users and customize our Site while also tracking our success at reaching new audiences, and optimize delivery of ad content specifically targeted to your use of our Site, which is known as remarketing. We will not combine non-personally identifiable information collected through Google Analytics with PII. The [Google Analytics Terms of Service](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) govern Google’s ability to use and share information collected through Google Analytics. You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by using the [Google Analytics Opt-Out tool](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

**F. Web Beacons** In limited circumstances we also may use “web beacons” to collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of our Site, and your use of emails, special promotions or newsletters we may send to you from time to time. Web beacons are tiny graphic image files imbedded in a web page or e-mail that provide a presence on the web page or e-mail and send back to its home server information from the users’ browser. The information collected by web beacons allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Site, or are opening our emails, and for what purposes. We will not link non-personal web beacon information to the PII collected.

**G. E-mails and Newsletters** As noted in the discussions of cookies and web beacons (see above), we collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of e-mails and newsletters that we may send to you from time to time. In some cases, when you click on a link or an advertisement in an e-mail or newsletter, your browser may be momentarily directed to the site of a third party which, acting on SXSW’s behalf (see Disclosure to Website Service and Content Contractors, below), notes or “counts” your response to the e-mail or newsletter before re-directing your browser to its proper destination. This re-direction process will not be apparent to you.

**H. Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on SXSW’s Behalf** Sponsors, business partners or advertisers on the Site or in emails, special promotions or newsletters we may send to you from time to time, may also use their own cookies or web beacons when you click on their advertisement or link to their site or service, or even if the advertisement simply appears on a page or in an e-mail that you are viewing. Some advertisers use companies other than SXSW to serve their ads and to monitor users’ responses to ads, and these companies (“Ad Servers”) may also collect non-personal information through the use of cookies or web beacons on our Site. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the site of an Ad Server or other third party acting on behalf of the sponsor, business partner, or advertiser before re-directing your browser to its proper destination (e.g., back to SXSW to show the ad, or to the advertiser’s Web site); this re-direction process will not be apparent to you. We do not control these third parties’ use of cookies or web beacons, or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. However, you should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from our site to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies or web beacons on their own sites.

**I. Public Forums** This Privacy Policy does not apply when you use SXSW’s public forums if and when they become available. As a service to our users, SXSW may feature chat rooms and bulletin boards where users can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for other users to answer. You should be aware that any information shared in a chat room, bulletin board, or other type of posting is public information and may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. You should think carefully before disclosing any PII in any public forum.

**J. E-mails to SXSW** If you want to keep business information, resumes, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an e-mail to SXSW. We try to answer every email in a timely manner, but are not always able to do so.

**K. Location Services** You will have the opportunity to opt-in to Location Services, which will enable SXSW to communicate with you about the SXSW event.

## II. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PII

**A. Generally** Except as set forth in this Section II, or as specifically agreed to by you, SXSW will employ best efforts to not use or disclose any PII it gathers from you unless reasonably required in order to answer your questions, provide products and/or services you may request or purchase from SXSW (such as, information we need to share with our credit card internet gateway), or to comply with governmental, legal, or internal record-keeping requirements as reasonably required. We may release PII to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (2) in special cases, such as a financial or physical threat to you or others. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your PII to a third party, we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. SXSW has never received an order under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act; or (3) to third-parties solely for the purposes of analysis, marketing, research, and other business reasons in order to improve the Event and the Site.

**B. Disclosure to SXSW’s Subsidiaries/Affiliated Entities** SXSW may disclose PII to its corporate subsidiaries or entities affiliated with SXSW. Any PII provided to SXSW’s subsidiaries or entities affiliated with SXSW will be treated by those subsidiaries and affiliated entities in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**C. Disclosure to SXSW’s Operations and Maintenance Contractors** SXSW’s operations and maintenance contractors may sometimes have limited access to your PII to the extent reasonably necessary to provide products or services in connection with the SXSW event to you. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to operation and maintenance of our Site. These contractors also may have access to your email address to send newsletters or special promotions to you on our behalf or to send emails to you for purposes such as conducting market research on our behalf. Access to your PII by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the contractor to perform its limited function for SXSW.

**D. Disclosure to Website Service and Content Contractors** Certain content and products and services offered to you through our Site are served on websites hosted and operated by a company other than SXSW (“Third Party Contractor Websites”). Therefore, if you purchase services or products through one of these Third Party Contractor Websites, you will be purchasing it from the Third Party Contractor and not from SXSW. Further, you should be aware that any information you disclose once you access these other sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. SXSW does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Contractor Websites and, therefore, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that Third Party Contractor Web site collects and uses your PII. Also, if you have reason to believe that you may be leaving our Site and entering a Third Party Contractor Website, you should be cautious about providing any PII until you have reviewed the privacy policy posted on the other site.

**E. Disclosure To or by Co-branded Channel Partners** SXSW is a contractor and provides co-branded products and/or services to websites hosted and operated by companies other than SXSW (“Channel Partner Web sites”). You can only access these co-branded content and products and/or services through the Channel Partner Web site. The co-branded SXSW pages that you may access through a Channel Partner Web site have different registration processes and opportunities for information collection, and Personal Information that you provide on these pages may be shared with the Channel Partners. Each of these co-branded SXSW sites has its own privacy policy posted on that site. Therefore, if you visit one of these co-branded SXSW sites, please read the privacy policy that is posted on that site, as well as the individual privacy policy of the Channel Partner Web site.

**F. Disclosure to Linked Sites** In addition to the Third Party Contractor Websites that you may access as described above, for your convenience there are links to websites operated by companies other than SXSW that are not contractors who provide content, products, and/or services through our Site (“Third Party Web sites”). These links may be found in advertisements, referenced within content, or placed beside the names or logos of sponsors or affiliated business partners of SXSW. SXSW does not disclose your PII to these Third Party Websites without obtaining your consent. SXSW does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites. If you choose to link to one of these Third Party Websites, you should review the privacy policy posted on this other site to understand how that Third Party Web site collects and uses your PII.

**G. Disclosure of Aggregate Information** SXSW may provide to third parties non-personal information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted and that is combined with the non-personal information of other users (“Aggregate Information”). For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our Site and the activities they conduct while on our Site. We might also inform a company that performs services or that provides products and/or services to SXSW (that may or may not be a SXSW business partner or an advertiser on our site) that “50% of our users live in the USA” or that “85% of our users have purchased products and/or services which can be downloaded from SXSW’s Site.” Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge third parties for this Aggregate Information. We may not limit the third parties’ use of the Aggregate Information.

**H. Drawings, Contests, Giveaways, and Promotions** We may offer you the chance to participate in drawings, contests, giveaways, and promotions (“Special Promotions”) through our Site. By registering for a Special Promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that Special Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Special Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Special Promotion. If you choose to enter a drawing, contest or other promotion, the PII that you provide may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Special Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Special Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.

**I. International Users** If you use this Site from countries outside of the U.S., the information SXSW collects from you will be transferred to SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768 in the United States and handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**J. Other Disclosures** While on our Site, you may have the opportunity to sign up or opt in to receive information and/or marketing offers from SXSW’s sponsors or partners or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your PII with a third party. If you agree to have your PII shared, your PII will be disclosed to the third party and the PII you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. If you no longer wish to have your PII shared with third-parties, you will have the opportunity to opt-out by sending an email to subscriptions at sxsw.com.

## III. SECURITY.

SXSW has put in place appropriate safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to your PII. Although we take such efforts to protect your PII from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. SXSW cannot assure you that the PII SXSW may collect in the future will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

## IV. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES

You will be given the option to opt in or sign up for recurring informational/promotional emails from SXSW and/or third parties. You may opt out of receiving emails from or on behalf of SXSW either. You may opt out of receiving these e-mails and newsletters at any time. When you have received a newsletter you wish to stop, follow the steps to unsubscribe, and SXSW’s Customer Service will unsubscribe you. You may also unsubscribe by contacting us at subscriptions at sxsw.com. You may also have the option of receiving e-mails or newsletters from third parties, participating in research or marketing surveys and participating in other activities. You may exercise these options by placing a checkmark beside a statement that expresses a preference for receiving these communications or participating in these activities. You may change your decision at any time by following the directions regarding how to unsubscribe from these e-mails or newsletters.

## V. UPDATING YOUR PII & CONTACTING SXSW

SXSW will store your PII as long as necessary for the above-mentioned purposes or as required by applicable law.

You can always contact us in order to (1) delete your PII from our systems, (2) update the PII that you have provided to us, and (3) change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts or other activities, by e-mailing us at [subscriptions at sxsw.com](mailto:subscriptions@sxsw.com) or by clicking the link entitled “Update Preferences”, which is available at the bottom of a newsletter you received. Such changes will not have any effect on other information that SXSW maintains. If you have a complaint or problem you may e-mail us at support at sxsw.com and the customer service department will forward your complaint to the appropriate internal SXSW department for a response or resolution. We try to answer every email in a timely manner but are not always able to do so.

You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to SXSW from our servers. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your PII may exist in a non-erasable form that may be difficult or impossible for us to locate. Nevertheless, upon receiving your request, we will endeavor to delete all PII stored in the databases we actively use for research and daily business activities, as well as other readily searchable media.

## VI. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS & DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE

Residents of California have a right to request a detailed list of any third-party entities with which SXSW shares PII for their own marketing purposes. You may opt-out of having your PII shared with third parties by sending your request including your full name, email address, and postal address to: SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768, USA ATTN: Privacy Officer. SXSW does not respond to “do not track” signals from users of the Site regarding the collection of PII. California residents using the Site are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814, by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210, or by email to [dca at dca.ca.gov](mailto:dca@dca.ca.gov).

**VII. CONTACT** You may contact us by U.S. mail with any questions about this Privacy Policy at: SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768, USA ATTN: Privacy Officer.

* * *

2017 Archive: [6/9/17](https://www.sxsw.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Privacy-Policy-SXSW-June-9-2017.pdf) [6/15/16](https://web.archive.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Privacy-Policy-_-South-by-Southwest-2017-Conference-Festivals-Austin-Texas.pdf) | [2016 Archive](https://web.archive.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Privacy-Policy-SXSW-2016.pdf) | [2015 Archive](https://web.archive.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Privacy-Policy-SXSW-2015.pdf)

* * *

FROM SXSW GAMING

Last modified: September 21, 2017

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) identifies what information is collected by SXSW, LLC, its agents, subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively referred to herein as “SXSW”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) about you and your use of our website, [http://gaming.sxsw.com](http://gaming.sxsw.com/), and related websites (“Site”). SXSW is committed to respecting your privacy, and we urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of this Site constitutes an agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein, and in our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use). If you do not agree to be bound by such terms, please leave the Site immediately. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and changes are effective upon posting, so it is your responsibility to check back and review this Privacy Policy. This Site is operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States, and you agree to such transfer.

**This Privacy Policy details the following information:**

  * What personally identifiable information (“PII”) we collect;
  * How we collect your PII;
  * How we use your PII;
  * How we share your PII;
  * Security;
  * How you can update PII; and
  * Notice to California residents.



## I. WHAT & HOW WE COLLECT PII

**A. PII Generally.** PII is information that can be used to identify or contact you (e.g., name, address, email address, phone number, payment information, etc.). We collect the PII that you provide to us in two general and distinct ways: (1) when you choose to purchase various services or products offered by SXSW and/or its affiliated business partners, including but not limited to the purchase of SXSW badges and the participation in the SXSW event; or (2) when you choose to participate in surveys, apply to participate in SXSW, send e-mails to SXSW, or to enjoy a customized experience on the SXSW website and affiliated websites, and personalized advertising or marketing. If you access a third party site from a link on the SXSW website, any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy and, SXSW is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. Please be sure to review the privacy policies of such third party websites before providing any personal information.

**B. Children and Privacy.** This Site is not intended for use by persons under thirteen (13) years of age. SXSW does not knowingly collect Personal Information from or about children under the age of thirteen (13). This Site shall not be used by persons under the age of thirteen (13) without consent from their parent and/or guardian. If a parent or guardian believes that a child under thirteen (13) years of age has exchanged PII with SXSW without the parent or guardian’s consent, please contact us at [support at sxsw.com](mailto:support@sxsw.com).

**C. Registration And Other Information** You may view or use our Site without registering or submitting any PII. In that case, the only information we collect will be non-personal information collected through the use of cookies or web beacons (see details below). However, in order to have access to certain products and services available on the Site, in particular the purchase of SXSW credentials, you are required to complete a registration form and provide other information, including PII, which is reasonably necessary for us to provide the products and/or services for you. If you connect to our Site or sign up for promotions using your Facebook or other third party credentials, you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username, access credentials, and other information that may be available through your Facebook or other third party account, including but not limited to your name, profile picture, country, hometown, e-mail address, date of birth, and gender.

If you purchase [SXSW registration](https://web.archive.org/attend/) credentials (“Badge”) through the Site, the Registration and Credentials Terms and Conditions (“RCTC”) available [here](https://www.sxsw.com/rfid) apply, and the RFID Policy available [here](https://web.archive.org/rfid) applies. Please carefully review the RCTC and RFID Policy before proceeding with the purchase of any Badge. Purchase of a Badge requires your explicit acceptance of the RCTC, which includes thee RFID Policy.

When you wish to purchase a Badge your payment information, including, but not limited to, your name, address, and other financial information, will be forwarded by Spreedly to Paymentech, LLC dba Chase Orbital for processing. SXSW cannot guarantee the security of Spreedly or Chase Orbital or any third party service provider. Please review and agree to the Spreedly Privacy Policy, available here, and the Chase Orbital Privacy Policy available [here](https://www.spreedly.com/privacy), before purchasing a Badge from SXSW and providing your PII. SXSW does not retain your financial information on the SXSW servers or databases.

When you wish to purchase certain goods or services available on the Site, you may be directed to the PayPal website to enter payment information, including but not limited to your name, address, and other financial information. SXSW cannot guarantee the security of any information provided to PayPal or any third party service provider. Please review and agree to the PayPal Privacy Policy, available [here](https://cms.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=ua/Privacy_full&am/), before providing it with your PII.

**D. Cookies** We collect anonymous, non-confidential, and non-personal information when you use our site, send us emails, or respond to special promotions or newsletters that we may send to you from time to time. Cookies are small computer files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive that allow us to know how often someone visits a site and the activities they conduct while on that site (e.g., whether you submitted orders for services or products, etc.). Every computer is assigned a different cookie by SXSW. The information collected by cookies helps us dynamically generate advertising and content on the Site or in emails specifically designed for you and also allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and selected affiliated business partners sites, or are opening our emails. We may use cookie information to target certain advertisements to your browser or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. We will not link non-personal cookie information to the PII collected. You will find further information on how to turn off cookies in the support page of your respective browser. The deactivation of cookies may hinder our ability to provide you with certain services or your ability to enjoy certain features of the Site.

**E. Google Analytics** We also collect demographic information using Google Analytics Demographics & Interests reports to improve our Site. This information allows us to better understand Site users and customize our Site while also tracking our success at reaching new audiences, and optimize delivery of ad content specifically targeted to your use of our Site, which is known as remarketing. We will not combine non-personally identifiable information collected through Google Analytics with PII. The [Google Analytics Terms of Service](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) govern Google’s ability to use and share information collected through Google Analytics. You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by using the [Google Analytics Opt-Out tool](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

**F. Web Beacons** In limited circumstances we also may use “web beacons” to collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of our Site, and your use of emails, special promotions or newsletters we may send to you from time to time. Web beacons are tiny graphic image files imbedded in a web page or e-mail that provide a presence on the web page or e-mail and send back to its home server information from the users’ browser. The information collected by web beacons allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Site, or are opening our emails, and for what purposes. We will not link non-personal web beacon information to the PII collected.

**G. E-mails and Newsletters** As noted in the discussions of cookies and web beacons (see above), we collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of e-mails and newsletters that we may send to you from time to time. In some cases, when you click on a link or an advertisement in an e-mail or newsletter, your browser may be momentarily directed to the site of a third party which, acting on SXSW’s behalf (see Disclosure to Website Service and Content Contractors, below), notes or “counts” your response to the e-mail or newsletter before re-directing your browser to its proper destination. This re-direction process will not be apparent to you.

**H. Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on SXSW’s Behalf** Sponsors, business partners or advertisers on the Site or in emails, special promotions or newsletters we may send to you from time to time, may also use their own cookies or web beacons when you click on their advertisement or link to their site or service, or even if the advertisement simply appears on a page or in an e-mail that you are viewing. Some advertisers use companies other than SXSW to serve their ads and to monitor users’ responses to ads, and these companies (“Ad Servers”) may also collect non-personal information through the use of cookies or web beacons on our Site. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the site of an Ad Server or other third party acting on behalf of the sponsor, business partner, or advertiser before re-directing your browser to its proper destination (e.g., back to SXSW to show the ad, or to the advertiser’s Web site); this re-direction process will not be apparent to you. We do not control these third parties’ use of cookies or web beacons, or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. However, you should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from our site to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies or web beacons on their own sites.

**I. Public Forums** This Privacy Policy does not apply when you use SXSW’s public forums if and when they become available. As a service to our users, SXSW may feature chat rooms and bulletin boards where users can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for other users to answer. You should be aware that any information shared in a chat room, bulletin board, or other type of posting is public information and may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. You should think carefully before disclosing any PII in any public forum.

**J. E-mails to SXSW** If you want to keep business information, resumes, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an e-mail to SXSW. We try to answer every email in a timely manner, but are not always able to do so.

**K. Location Services** You will have the opportunity to opt-in to Location Services, which will enable SXSW to communicate with you about the SXSW event.

## II. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PII

**A. Generally** Except as set forth in this Section II, or as specifically agreed to by you, SXSW will employ best efforts to not use or disclose any PII it gathers from you unless reasonably required in order to answer your questions, provide products and/or services you may request or purchase from SXSW (such as, information we need to share with our credit card internet gateway), or to comply with governmental, legal, or internal record-keeping requirements as reasonably required. We may release PII to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (2) in special cases, such as a financial or physical threat to you or others. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your PII to a third party, we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. SXSW has never received an order under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act; or (3) to third-parties solely for the purposes of analysis, marketing, research, and other business reasons in order to improve the Event and the Site.

**B. Disclosure to SXSW’s Subsidiaries/Affiliated Entities** SXSW may disclose PII to its corporate subsidiaries or entities affiliated with SXSW. Any PII provided to SXSW’s subsidiaries or entities affiliated with SXSW will be treated by those subsidiaries and affiliated entities in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**C. Disclosure to SXSW’s Operations and Maintenance Contractors** SXSW’s operations and maintenance contractors may sometimes have limited access to your PII to the extent reasonably necessary to provide products or services in connection with the SXSW event to you. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to operation and maintenance of our Site. These contractors also may have access to your email address to send newsletters or special promotions to you on our behalf or to send emails to you for purposes such as conducting market research on our behalf. Access to your PII by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the contractor to perform its limited function for SXSW.

**D. Disclosure to Website Service and Content Contractors** Certain content and products and services offered to you through our Site are served on websites hosted and operated by a company other than SXSW (“Third Party Contractor Websites”). Therefore, if you purchase services or products through one of these Third Party Contractor Websites, you will be purchasing it from the Third Party Contractor and not from SXSW. Further, you should be aware that any information you disclose once you access these other sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. SXSW does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Contractor Websites and, therefore, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that Third Party Contractor Web site collects and uses your PII. Also, if you have reason to believe that you may be leaving our Site and entering a Third Party Contractor Website, you should be cautious about providing any PII until you have reviewed the privacy policy posted on the other site.

**E. Disclosure To or by Co-branded Channel Partners** SXSW is a contractor and provides co-branded products and/or services to websites hosted and operated by companies other than SXSW (“Channel Partner Web sites”). You can only access these co-branded content and products and/or services through the Channel Partner Web site. The co-branded SXSW pages that you may access through a Channel Partner Web site have different registration processes and opportunities for information collection, and Personal Information that you provide on these pages may be shared with the Channel Partners. Each of these co-branded SXSW sites has its own privacy policy posted on that site. Therefore, if you visit one of these co-branded SXSW sites, please read the privacy policy that is posted on that site, as well as the individual privacy policy of the Channel Partner Web site.

**F. Disclosure to Linked Sites** In addition to the Third Party Contractor Websites that you may access as described above, for your convenience there are links to websites operated by companies other than SXSW that are not contractors who provide content, products, and/or services through our Site (“Third Party Web sites”). These links may be found in advertisements, referenced within content, or placed beside the names or logos of sponsors or affiliated business partners of SXSW. SXSW does not disclose your PII to these Third Party Websites without obtaining your consent. SXSW does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites. If you choose to link to one of these Third Party Websites, you should review the privacy policy posted on this other site to understand how that Third Party Web site collects and uses your PII.

**G. Disclosure of Aggregate Information** SXSW may provide to third parties non-personal information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted and that is combined with the non-personal information of other users (“Aggregate Information”). For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our Site and the activities they conduct while on our Site. We might also inform a company that performs services or that provides products and/or services to SXSW (that may or may not be a SXSW business partner or an advertiser on our site) that “50% of our users live in the USA” or that “85% of our users have purchased products and/or services which can be downloaded from SXSW’s Site.” Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge third parties for this Aggregate Information. We may not limit the third parties’ use of the Aggregate Information.

**H. Drawings, Contests, Giveaways, and Promotions** We may offer you the chance to participate in drawings, contests, giveaways, and promotions (“Special Promotions”) through our Site. By registering for a Special Promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that Special Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Special Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Special Promotion. If you choose to enter a drawing, contest or other promotion, the PII that you provide may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Special Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Special Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.

**I. International Users** If you use this Site from countries outside of the U.S., the information SXSW collects from you will be transferred to SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768 in the United States and handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**J. Other Disclosures** While on our Site, you may have the opportunity to sign up or opt in to receive information and/or marketing offers from SXSW’s sponsors or partners or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your PII with a third party. If you agree to have your PII shared, your PII will be disclosed to the third party and the PII you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. If you no longer wish to have your PII shared with third-parties, you will have the opportunity to opt-out by sending an email to subscriptions at sxsw.com.

## III. SECURITY.

SXSW has put in place appropriate safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to your PII. Although we take such efforts to protect your PII from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. SXSW cannot assure you that the PII SXSW may collect in the future will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

## IV. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES

You will be given the option to opt in or sign up for recurring informational/promotional emails from SXSW and/or third parties. You may opt out of receiving emails from or on behalf of SXSW either. You may opt out of receiving these e-mails and newsletters at any time. When you have received a newsletter you wish to stop, follow the steps to unsubscribe, and SXSW’s Customer Service will unsubscribe you. You may also unsubscribe by contacting us at subscriptions at sxsw.com. You may also have the option of receiving e-mails or newsletters from third parties, participating in research or marketing surveys and participating in other activities. You may exercise these options by placing a checkmark beside a statement that expresses a preference for receiving these communications or participating in these activities. You may change your decision at any time by following the directions regarding how to unsubscribe from these e-mails or newsletters.

## V. UPDATING YOUR PII & CONTACTING SXSW

SXSW will store your PII as long as necessary for the above-mentioned purposes or as required by applicable law.

You can always contact us in order to (1) delete your PII from our systems, (2) update the PII that you have provided to us, and (3) change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts or other activities, by e-mailing us at [subscriptions at sxsw.com](mailto:subscriptions@sxsw.com) or by clicking the link entitled “Update Preferences”, which is available at the bottom of a newsletter you received. Such changes will not have any effect on other information that SXSW maintains. If you have a complaint or problem you may e-mail us at support at sxsw.com and the customer service department will forward your complaint to the appropriate internal SXSW department for a response or resolution. We try to answer every email in a timely manner but are not always able to do so.

You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to SXSW from our servers. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your PII may exist in a non-erasable form that may be difficult or impossible for us to locate. Nevertheless, upon receiving your request, we will endeavor to delete all PII stored in the databases we actively use for research and daily business activities, as well as other readily searchable media.

## VI. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS & DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE

Residents of California have a right to request a detailed list of any third-party entities with which SXSW shares PII for their own marketing purposes. You may opt-out of having your PII shared with third parties by sending your request including your full name, email address, and postal address to: SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768, USA ATTN: Privacy Officer. SXSW does not respond to “do not track” signals from users of the Site regarding the collection of PII. California residents using the Site are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814, by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210, or by email to [dca at dca.ca.gov](mailto:dca@dca.ca.gov).

**VII. CONTACT** You may contact us by U.S. mail with any questions about this Privacy Policy at: SXSW, LLC, P.O. Box 685289, Austin, TX, 78768, USA ATTN: Privacy Officer.

* * *

2018 Archive: [9/21/2017](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy-2018/) | 2017 Archives: [6/9/17](https://www.sxswedu.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Privacy-Policy-%E2%80%93-SXSW-EDU-June-9-2017.pdf) [6/15/16](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy-2017/) | [2016 Archive](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy-2016/)
