> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eapps.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606090103id_/http%3A//eapps.com/company/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eApps Hosting - Privacy Statement

This is the Web site of Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. (dba eApps Hosting). We can be reached via Email at [marketing@eApps.com](mailto:marketing@eApps.com). Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. is concerned about the privacy of its customers, users and site visitors and is committed to protecting their personal data.

**Data Collected From Web Site Visitors** \- For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the domain of the visitor. We capture your IP address and automatically collect data about our web site visitors using "cookies" on your hard drive. Visitors may opt out of the capture of their IP address. We collect the Email addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail or web form, analyze aggregate information about what pages visitors access or visit and collect data volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information, inquiries, and/or site registrations.

**Use of Data We Collect from Web Site Visitors** \- The data we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site for marketing analysis and marketing communications. We do not at any time share the data we receive about or from visitors to our Web site with any other company or organization. Such information would only be disclosed as required by law. Web site visitors that receive marketing communications from us have the ability to opt out of receiving further communications.

**Customer Data Placed on Our Service** \- Customer and personal data is placed on our network by our customer's use of the hosting service we provide. These data include names, email addresses, phone numbers, mailing addresses and other related information. We respect the confidentiality of these data. Our employees may be exposed to these data in the course of performing their duties. Our employees are bound by a confidentiality agreement to not disclose customer data for any reasons. Our company does not provide these data to third parties, other than vendors that may have access to these data for the express purpose of supporting the vendor provided systems. Also, Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. only discloses these data to other entities as required by law. 

**Customer Data for Communications** \- We sometimes use these data to communicate with our customers regarding advice about, and changes to, the hosting service as well as for marketing and promotional purposes. Customers may opt out of marketing and promotional messages at any time. The following methods are used to communicate with customers.

  * Email Communications \- Our promotional emails give the recipients the ability to opt out of receiving these mailings in the future. If you receive a promotional Email from us that does not not allow you to opt out, and you do not want to receive promotional Email from us in the future, please let us know by sending an Email to [marketing@eApps.com](mailto:marketing@eApps.com) telling us that you do not want to receive promotional Email from our company.
  * Postal Communications \- eApps does not send communications via post. 
  * Phone Communications \- Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding promotions and events that we believe may be of interest. If you do not wish to receive such calls, please let us know by sending Email to the above address or a letter to our mailing address as found on the [Contact Us](https://www.eapps.com/company/contact-eapps-hosting.php) page of our Web site. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we use for promotional purposes.

**Right of Individuals to Access Their Personal Data** \- Individuals that have personal data and/or account data on the eApps systems have the right to access these data at any time, either through the customer portal or control panels or upon request. Individuals may request access to their personal data and account data, and may also request that Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. remove these data, at any time by sending an Email to [marketing@eApps.com.](mailto:marketing@eApps.com)

**U.S. Department of Commerce Privacy Shield for EU Citizens** \- We self-certify compliance with the Privacy Shield program as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the transfer, collection, use, and retention of personal data collected from citizens of European Union member countries. Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the [Privacy Shield Principles](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=1-NOTICE) of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability. All Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc.’s vendors that have access to, or are recipients of, onward transfer of personal data of EU citizens placed on our service are contractually required, or have made a formal commitment, to abide by our privacy policies and the Principles and Directives of the Privacy Shield program. In the case of a violation of the Principles and Directives of the Privacy Shield program due to the onward transfer of personal data of EU citizens to third parties, eApps Hosting may be liable for damages resulting from the violation. eApps Hosting's liability is defined and limited by the terms of our [Hosting Agreement](https://support.eapps.com/index.php?/Knowledgebase/Article/View/64/5/policy---hosting-agreement). Under the the Privacy Shield program, Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U. S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc.’s certification, please visit the [US Commerce Department Privacy Shield web site](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome). EU citizens that want to file a dispute regarding Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc.’s handling of their own private data have the right to to invoke binding arbitration, under certain conditions, by following the steps described by the Privacy Shield Framework; see [Privacy Shield Annex I, section C. Pre-Arbitration Requirements](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=C-Pre-Arbitration-Requirements). Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. uses [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/), an independent dispute resolution provider, based in Irvine, California, USA, as the independent recourse mechanism described in the Pre-Arbitration Requirements. There is no charge for filing a claim or for any aspect of the resolution process. To make use of the independent recourse mechanism individuals can file a claim at [https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or- safe-harbor-claim](https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim). Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. is committed to the satisfactory resolution of claims in a timely manner.

**U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework Statement** \- Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. complies with the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from Switzerland. Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the U.S-Swiss Safe Harbor program, and to view Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc.’s certification, please visit the [US Commerce Department U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor web site](http://2016.export.gov/safeharbor/swiss/index.asp)

**Changes to our Privacy Policy** \- Our business environment changes continuously. Consequently, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check our website frequently to see recent changes. We pledge to never materially change our Privacy Policy so as to provide less protection of your personal information and data collected without your prior consent. This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 29, 2016.



