> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cpk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190602143924id_/https%3A//www.cpk.com/Legal/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# California Pizza Kitchen - Privacy Policy

a. Personally Identifiable Information.

In general, you can visit CPK.com or download the App without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. However, our Sites offer certain features or services, including but not limited to CPK Rewards Program enrollment, online food ordering, fundraising inquiries, gift card purchases, and online job applications (collectively, “Services”) that require you to share certain information that personally identifies you with us or our third party service providers ("Providers"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personally Identifiable Information," or "PII" means your name (last name combined with first name or first initial), your CPK account log-in information, your email address, your phone number, and your physical address. Some Services require you to disclose certain types of PII while making the disclosure of some types of information optional. You may also be asked to generate a username and password for future access to an account related to your use of Services. If you order food on our Sites, you will be redirected to the site of our ordering Provider, Mobo Systems, Inc., dba Olo ("Olo") and, if you choose to pay via Olo, you will be asked for information related to that transaction, including your credit card number, its expiration date and security code, and your zip code ("Credit Card Information"). If you wish to use the pay by mobile function in one of our restaurants, you will be asked to add your Credit Card Information to your account profile in the App. For your security, we do not keep or store your Credit Card Information after your purchase transaction is completed unless you elect to create an account containing your Credit Card Information. If you place a food order for delivery, we may use your PII and/or location information, described in paragraph 2.b. below, or provide your PII and/or location information to one of our delivery Providers to complete the delivery order. 

b. Social Networking Information

We may provide the opportunity for you to post information about yourself and/or your experiences with us through various social media websites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google Plus, and Pinterest), including for purposes of entering any contest or sweepstakes. Remember that any information you post will become publicly available, so please use discretion. We may ask you to share information about you stored on social networks and other third-party services in order to personalize your experience on the Site. This information may include PII, such as your username or ID and email address, as well as interests, activities, and relationships to other users of the Sites or of social media. We may use your PII to locate you via social media for marketing purposes.

c. Contact information for email newsletters, emails and/or mobile offers

From time to time, we send newsletters, emails, push notifications, and/or other communications to share information or special offers about the Sites, the Services, contests and sweepstakes, special events, or our restaurants. If you have registered with any of our Sites, you are likely to receive such communications. If you provide us with your mobile number and elect to do so, you may receive text notifications as well. Remember, if you elect to receive texts from us, your wireless carrier may impose a charge on inbound and outbound text messages. Please check with your wireless carrier for details.

You may opt out of receiving promotional email communications from us by modifying your email preferences in your account profile or by following the instructions or links contained in the communications when we send them to you. You may opt out of receiving text messages by following the instructions in the text message. You may opt out of receiving push notifications on your mobile device by adjusting your notifications settings. Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, you may still receive transactional communications from us, including emails about your account or your purchases.

d. Entry information for Contests or Sweepstakes

From time to time, we may operate contests, sweepstakes or other promotions through our Site, our social media outlets, or in our restaurants, which may require registration on a Site or in our CPK Rewards Program in order to enter. The PII that may be collected in an entry or similar form includes, but may not be limited to, your first name, last name, zip code, phone number, age, and email address. Your entry in the contest or sweepstakes may also result in your being added to our mailing/texting lists.

Winners of contests, sweepstakes, and/or promotions will often be required to provide additional PII in order to authenticate themselves and collect a prize. Entry into a contest or sweepstakes or acceptance of a prize may also require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Site or our promotional materials, such as on a winner's page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Your PII may be used by us to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation, or other promotional purposes.

If the privacy statement varies for a particular sweepstakes, promotion, or feature, that information will be disclosed in the sweepstakes or promotion rules or feature’s terms of use. We urge you to review the official rules and privacy statement (if different) of the particular contest/sweepstakes before participating. In the event that the Official Rules of a contest/sweepstakes conflict with or provide us with broader disclosure rights than set forth in this Privacy Statement, the Official Rules will govern the PII disclosed in connection with that contest or sweepstakes.

e. Information collected for Surveys or Voting

From time-to-time, we may request PII from you via surveys or voting polls. Most surveys will be anonymous and will not request your PII. However, at times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. All survey participation is, of course, voluntary, and you will be able to decide what information to provide.

a. Cookies  
We and our Providers may use cookies and other tracking technologies ("Tracking Technologies") on our Sites to collect and store certain information about usage in order to personalize our Sites for you, improve our Sites, improve our Services, and advertising, provide you with offers, and to help us remember you and your preferences when you revisit our Sites. 

A cookie is a text file that our Site transfers to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to enhance the quality of your visit to our Site. The cookie assigns a random, unique number to your computer. It does not contain information that would personally identify you, although we can associate the cookie with any personal identifying information that you provide us while visiting our Site. Our cookie may record "clickstream" information (data reporting the URLs or names of the pages on our Site that you have visited) and other useful information about your interaction with our Site. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, most internet browsers permit you to regulate the use of cookies through your browser settings or other commercially available software. Doing so, however, may prevent you from accessing to some of our sites' features. Consult your browser settings for information on disabling cookies while using our Site. 

We may collect information about your browser or device, such as the type of device you are using, your operating system, your browser, and your internet protocol ("IP") address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request web pages from a Site, our computers automatically log your IP address. We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about your use of the Sites, such as how often you visit the Site, what pages you visit when you do so, what sites you used before coming to the Site. Google Analytics may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and store such information. When analyzed, this data helps us understand how visitors arrive at the Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like. We do not combine the information collected through Google Analytics with any other information to personally identify you. We may permit our Providers to access this data for our purposes and our benefit as described above. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing your device on return visits by disabling cookies on your browser. For more information on how Google Analytics collects and uses data please see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/) or any other URL Google may provide from time to time). 

b. Location Information 

If you are using our App and have location services enabled on your device, we may collect information about the location of your device, including GPS location, for purposes of improving our services, providing you with information regarding restaurants near you, providing you with offers, enabling you to remote order and pay for our products, or delivering products or having products delivered by a Provider. Depending on the settings on your device, we may receive location information even if you are not directly interacting with the App. If you do not wish to share this information with us, you can adjust your locations settings or turn them off for our App. Our App links to our Provider Olo, which may share location information with us. Information we receive from Providers is used for the same purposes we describe herein. We may also receive location information from Google Analytics. 

We may use personal information and non-personal data we collect for our own research and commercial purposes. This information includes, without limitation, the areas/features our users visit most frequently, user preferences, and location information. We use this information to improve the Site, improve the Services, and for marketing purposes. We may combine information that we collect from you from different means online as well as offline (or through the App) into one customer database, and use that information in order to communicate with you and to determine what information and offers to send to you.

We use your PII in order to store your preferences, improve your experience on the Sites, to send communications, advertisements, and information to you (including via social media) regarding the Sites, our restaurants, and special offers. We may also send you information about third-party products and services that we think you may find of interest. We may share your PII with our Providers for these purposes. 

We reveal PII collected on our Sites to unaffiliated third parties if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) we determine in our sole discretion it is necessary or reasonably required to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property, or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency, the police, or other authorities for fraud protection, etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of an actual or contemplated purchase, transfer, or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) the information is provided to our Providers for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.).   
Except as otherwise stated in this section, we do not share your PII or your Credit Card Information with any third parties except our Providers in connection with their provision of services to us or you. In the event the Sites or any Services require you or permit you to interface with a Provider, you may be subject to that Provider’s separate terms of use and privacy statement. To the extent you accept a Provider's terms of use or privacy statement, we are not responsible for that Provider's use of your information. All purchases made through Olo and information you submit to Olo in connection with such purchases will be governed by Olo's User Agreement and privacy policy, which are available via the link at the bottom of the online ordering page and at order.cpk.com. All purchases of gift cards made from our Site are made through our Provider, Transaction Wireless, Inc. (“Transaction Wireless”) and are subject to Transaction Wireless’s terms and conditions and privacy policy, which are available on the gift card checkout page. 
