> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the enivausa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171219093343id_/http%3A//eniva.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Eniva's Privacy Policy  **  
We respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit to this Website and what we do with that information. Your visit to this Website is subject to this Privacy Policy. 

**1\. Information Collection and Use **  
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us. For example, if you decide to complete a survey, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, e-mail address, and mailing address), date of birth, gender, age and product and/or dietary supplement concerns, and the products and brands you use. When you submit your personally identifiable information on this Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please do not provide us with any such information if you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you. We may use the information you provide to us to create and deliver to you our catalogs, surveys, newsletters, or other communications. If you prefer not to receive e-mail communications or our catalog, please see Section 8 below. When you visit this Website or view one of our e-mails, we may use pixel tags (also called "clear" gifs) and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our Website and personalize your experience. We may also use pixel tags to determine the types of e-mail your browser supports. We may use the information collected through pixel tags in combination with your personally identifiable information. We may use the information you and other Website visitors provide in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as developing marketing plans and generating statistics. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We may collect, store, or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. We may share or transfer such non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, partners and licensees. We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable regulation, law, legal process, or governmental request. 

**2\. Cookies and Log Files**   
We may place a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user. A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. The cookie will be stored on your computer's hard drive. Until you remove it, thus personalizing your experience. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies. You may still use our Website if you reject our cookie, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features. Some of our business partners may also use cookies on our Website; however, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use. In addition, we may use IP addresses to analyze trends, gather demographic information for aggregate use, administer our Website, and track traffic patterns. Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will not use IP addresses in combination with your personally identifiable information without your prior consent. 

**3\. Third Parties**   
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include customer support specialists, data analysis firms, fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that coordinate mailings) and webhosting companies. Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose. Such third parties may also use the information collected in aggregate form for their internal business purposes, such as generating statistics for marketing materials. 

**4\. Links**   
This Website may contain links to or from other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Website. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Website or otherwise visit. 

**5\. Security **  
To protect the security of your personal information, both on line and off line, we implement various security measures. If you have any questions about security at our Website, you can send an e-mail to [info@eniva.com](mailto:info@eniva.com). 

**6\. Business Transfers**   
As a business, we reserve the right sell certain of our assets in a business transfer.  User information, including personally identifiable information, is a generally transferred business asset.  By submitting your personal information on the Website you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these business transfer(s) circumstances. 

**7\. Notification of Changes **  
We may revise this Privacy Policy on occasion. We will post the revised policy here, if we decide to change our Privacy Policy. Because we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you consult this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used. 

**8\. Choice/Opt-Out**   
When you complete a survey, feedback form, or agree to receive communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving future e-mail communications. To change your e-mail preferences at any time, simply click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us or e-mail us at [info@eniva.com](mailto:info@eniva.com). If you wish to remove your name from our postal mailing list, call 1-866-999-9191. 

**9\. Comments **  
We have taken great measures to ensure that you enjoy your visit to our Website and that your privacy is continually respected. If you have any questions, concerns or comments about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at [info@eniva.com](mailto:info@eniva.com) or telephone at 1-866-999-9191 (toll-free).
