> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nigella.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111105085555id_/http%3A//www.nigella.com/lightbox/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

  1. In order to provide you with the full range of services on the site, we are sometimes required to collect information about you. We will use any personal information collected from the site in accordance with all laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal data including the Data Protection Act 1998 (as may be amended) (the "Data Protection Act"). Further details on the Data Protection Act can be found on the Information Commissioner's website ([www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk](http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk/)) 
  2. Personal information you are asked to supply during your use of the site including that you supply voluntarily as part of the registration process and any other information relating to your Contributions ("Your Data"), will be used by us, our group companies, service providers and other organisations and by subcontractors, employees, agents and advisors (including legal advisors) as follows: (i) to administer your Membership; (ii) in making decisions about whether any contributions you seek to upload onto the site should be accepted, rejected or used; (iii) for marketing purposes where you have specifically agreed to this (see paragraph 10 below); and/or (iv) as set out on the site or the Terms. In addition, we may at our discretion disclose this information to the police, regulatory bodies or any legal advisers in connection with any alleged criminal offence or suspected breach of the Terms by you or otherwise where required by law. 
  3. You may be requested to take part in promotional activity and we reserve the right to use your details, photographs and audio and/or visual recordings in any publicity. 
  4. Your data supplied as part of your Membership profile will, unless we tell you otherwise, may be able to be seen by other users of the site so make sure you only provide information you are happy to be seen in this way. You can edit your profile details by logging in and going to “edit details”. 
  5. Except as set out in this Privacy Policy (or where we agree otherwise with you e.g. in relation to contacting you for marketing), your data will be kept private and confidential, will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent and will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By becoming a Member and/or using the site you are agreeing to Your Data being used as set out in this Privacy Policy and in the Terms.
  6. The information collected on the site includes: 
    * Users' Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, which are automatically logged by our web server. IP addresses are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet and are used by us to observe users' interest in this site (number of visits, etc).
    * Cookies are very small text files saved to your computer or other device and used to track user navigation around a website. Session cookies are also used to store information on which content, including advertisements, have been seen by a user. Some areas of the site also use persistent cookies which are permanently stored on the users' computer. We will use such cookies to identify unique users to the site. They are not cross-referenced with any other information such that an individual person could be identified.
    * Cookies also allow us to make our sites more user-friendly by, for example, allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. 
  7. We currently contract with online partners to help manage and optimise our internet business and communications. We use the services of advertising companies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the site. To do this, we may use Web beacons and cookies provided by our advertising company on the site. The type of information we collect includes content viewed, pages, site sections and videos. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our advertising companies log the information coming from the site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used and the advertising companies do not have access to your personal data such that you can be personally identified.
  8. The site may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and/or controlled by third parties who have their own privacy policies and we advise you to check them. Advertisers may for example use cookies to track responses to their adverts. We do not accept responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and you use them at your own risk.
  9. Disabling/Enabling Cookies - users have the ability to accept or disable cookies by modifying the settings in their browser. Disabling cookies however may mean that some functionality of the site may be affected. For further directions on how to disable cookies please click here for the Interactive Advertising Bureau's guidelines: 
  10. There are opportunities on the website to receive e-mail communications alerting you to news and offers from us as fully explained before you subscribe. You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by replying to the email using the "unsubscribe" link.
  11. We will not disclose voluntarily provided details to third parties or use your data or contributions in any other way other than set out in this Privacy Policy and the Terms without your prior consent.
  12. If you are 16 or under, please get your parent or guardian's consent beforehand whenever you provide personal information on the site.
  13. We will hold your data and contributions for as long as is necessary and reasonably required for the relevant service or purpose.



## Nigella Collection Security and Privacy Policy

  1. **Security Policy** The Nigella website is a secure website that uses the symmetric-key encryption system Advanced Encryption Standard (AES).  AES is a cryptographic algorithm that is used to protect electronic data. Specifically, AES is an iterative, symmetric-key block cipher that can use keys of 128, 192, and 256 bits, and encrypts and decrypts data in blocks of 128 bits (16 bytes).
  2. **Data Protection Notice** The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information we may obtain about you when you are using the Nigella website. By registering as a user of our services and by using the Nigella website generally you agree to this use.
  3. When you register and use this site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you. 
  4. We may use information you provide or that has been obtained by us:
  5. To register you with our website and to administer our website services; 
  6. For assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme. We may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example, automatically selecting products or services, which we think will interest you from the information we have.
  7. To provide you with our newsletter if you have opted-in to receive it. We will always provide you with the option of un-subscribing within each newsletter sent or you can send an email to: enquiry@nigella.com with "unsubscribe" in the subject field.
  8. For the prevention and detection of fraud; and 
  9. To administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter. 
  10. We may give information about you to the following, who may use it for the same purposes as set out above.
  11.  To our employees and agents to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by us now or in the future.
  12. Agents who profile your data (which cannot identify you personally) so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.
  13. We may also disclose your information:
  14. To anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you. 
  15. If we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so. 
  16. The Nigella website may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and/or controlled by third parties who have their own privacy policies and we advise you to check them. Advertisers may for example use cookies to track responses to their adverts. We do not accept responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and you use them at your own risk. 
  17. In order that we can monitor and improve the website, we may gather certain information about you when you use it, including details of your domain name and IP address, operating system, browser version and the web site you visited prior to our site. IP addresses are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet and are used by us to observe users' interest in this website (number of visits, etc).
  18. New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us to deliver customised visitor experiences. In particular, there is a technology called "cookies", which may be used by us to provide you with customised information from our website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website. Cookies are not cross-referenced with any other information such that an individual person could be identified. Cookies also allow us to make our website more user friendly by, for example, allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website. We use cookies so that we can give you a better experience when you return to our website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You do not have to accept cookies, and you should read the information that came with your browser software to see how you can set up your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to disable a cookie. This will give you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. Disabling cookies however may mean that some functionality of the website may be affected. For further directions on how to disable cookies please click here for the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s guidelines: www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html
  19. We may supplement the information you provide to us with information we receive from third parties.
  20. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal details. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line. We will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
  21. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) we keep about you, upon receipt of a written request and payment of an administration fee of £10. If you would like to see the data we hold about you or are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect and would like to amend it please contact us. You will need to prove your identity before we disclose any information. 
  22. Please note that any products and services are supplied subject to our standard terms and conditions. If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please e-mail us at [enquiry@nigella.com](mailto:enquiry@nigella.com).


