> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ubokia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130314065412id_/https%3A//www.ubokia.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Updated March 2012

 **Introduction**

The Ubokia.com website (the " **Site** ") is operated by Ubokia.com, Inc. (" **Ubokia** "). Ubokia is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our users and others who visit and use the Site (individually, " **You** " or collectively, " **Users** "). To that end, we have prepared this privacy policy (" **Privacy Policy** ") to describe what information we gather from you, how we use that information, in what instances we may disclose it to third parties, and what we do to protect it. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Ubokia [Terms of Service](http://ubokia.com/terms "Ubokia Terms of Service"). Your use of the Site and any personal information you provide on, or in connection with your use of, the Site are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Ubokia's [Terms of Service](http://ubokia.com/terms "Ubokia Terms of Service"). By using or accessing the Site, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy. 

**The Information Ubokia Collects:**

  * **User-Provided Information:** When you register for the Site, you may provide what is generally called "Personally Identifiable Information" (such as your name, email address, postal or other physical address, home/mobile telephone number). To participate in certain activities and to obtain certain services offered on the Site, you may be asked to provide additional Personally Identifiable Information. We endeavor to limit our requests for Personally Identifiable Information to information we believe is reasonably necessary to achieve our purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you will not be able to register as a User and might not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's features.
  * **"Automatically Collected" Information:** We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, web browser or device type, cookie information (as described below) and the page you request.
  * **Cookies:** Some of the pages on the Site may contain "cookies." A cookie is a small data file that may be sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to "recognize" you when your computer visits the Site in the future. Most Web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you. In some instances, Ubokia may collect non-Personally Identifiable Information (aggregate or demographic data) through cookies.
  * **Information from Other Sources:** We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Ubokia Site. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Site, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



**The Way Ubokia Uses Information:**

  * Ubokia uses the information that you provide or that we collect to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the way the Site works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
  * Ubokia may use "automatically collected" information and "cookies" information to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use the Site; (b) provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of the Site and third party marketing activities; (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
  * Ubokia may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send i) messages about the Site, such as when you receive a message, comment, communication or request from another user, ii) promotional messages related to the Site and the activities of third parties we work with, and iii) messages on behalf of other users who think you may be interested in the Site or certain content available on the Site. Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any such communications, either through links provided in the messages, or by updating your account preferences through the Site.
  * Ubokia may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send i) messages about the Site, such as when you receive a message, comment, communication or request from another user, ii) promotional messages related to the Site and the activities of third parties we work with, and iii) messages on behalf of other users who think you may be interested in the Site or certain content available on the Site. Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any such communications, either through links provided in the messages, or by updating your account preferences through the Site.
  * Ubokia may use non-Personally Identifiable Information such as demographic data to analyze and develop our marketing strategy and further improve the Site and our products and services.



**When Ubokia Discloses Information:**  
Your privacy is important to us, and we are not in the business of selling your information. We do, however, disclose your personally identifiable information in a variety of circumstances in connection with developing and maintaining the Site and operating our business. For example:

  * Ubokia works with third party service providers in the U.S. and other jurisdictions to provide website development, hosting, maintenance, transcription, and support as well as other business services for us. To the extent it is necessary for these service providers to complete their work; these third parties may have access to or process your personally identifiable information. These disclosures are generally made under terms comparable to this policy, and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided.
  * Ubokia enables users to communicate in a variety of ways. Any personally identifiable information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area on the Site, such as in a listing, comment, posting, Group WANT, or other User Postings that you upload and share, will be available to other users who access that content.
  * Ubokia enables users to acquire goods and services from third-party Merchants. If you choose to purchase any such goods and services through the Ubokia Site, the third-party Merchant responsible for such goods and services may have access to your personally identifiable information to the extent necessary to support and redeem the applicable order. While Ubokia generally requires Merchants to agree to protect users’ personal information under terms comparable to this policy, you understand that Ubokia cannot guarantee the manner in which such Merchants may use or further disclose your personal information received in connection with your use of the Ubokia Site.
  * Ubokia may disclose automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information with interested third parties, to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Site.
  * Ubokia may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary or useful to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law), to respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.
  * In the event that Ubokia is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.



**Children:**  
The Site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18, and we will not knowingly collect information from such persons. Any person who provides information to us through registration or in any other manner on the Site represents to Ubokia that they are 18 years of age or older. If we learn that a child under 18 has submitted personal information to us without verifiable parental consent, we will take the appropriate steps to delete the information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 18 has obtained a Site account, then you may alert Ubokia and request that Ubokia delete that child's personal information from its systems. 

**Choice:**  
We will give you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection. 

**Access:**  
You may correct, amend, or delete your Personally Identifiable Information by editing your profile on the Site. 

**Security:**  
We are committed to protecting Personally Identifiable Information from loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration, unauthorized access, and destruction. Ubokia takes reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. While we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of the information you transmit to us in all cases. 

**User Safety:**  
The Site may permit you to communicate individually with other users through certain features made generally available on the Site, including the negotiation and communications modules. You acknowledge that Ubokia has, at all times, access to all the communications made through or using any such features. While Ubokia makes available such negotiation and communication features in order to provide a beneficial service, we also wish to protect the safety of all our users. Accordingly, you acknowledge that Ubokia has the right, but no obligation, to monitor the negotiations and communications and to remove or disclose to appropriate third parties any inappropriate communications between its members. 

**Third Party Sites:**  
The Site may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Ubokia may also permit other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, some of the advertisements and links that appear on the Site. These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens. These advertisers may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.

Ubokia is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other third party web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when leaving the Site to read the privacy statements of each site that collects Personally Identifiable Information. Ubokia's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other third party web sites. Please be aware that Ubokia does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Ubokia Site. 

**International Transfers:**  
The Site is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you nonetheless choose to use the Site from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Site you consent to that transfer. 

**Your Consent to this Privacy Policy:**  
By using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by an updated publication date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received that personal information. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions. 

For revisions to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent before implementing revisions with respect to such information. Notwithstanding, without your affirmative consent, we will only use your personally identifiable information in accordance with the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time the information was collected.

By using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. The date of the most recent update of this document will always be displayed at the beginning of this page. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on http://www.ubokia.com. If we decide to use Personally Identifiable Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected from or provided by you, we will notify you via email (if an email address has been provided) or display a notice on the http://www.ubokia.com homepage. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personally Identifiable Information you provide. Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. Notwithstanding, without your affirmative consent, we will only use your personally identifiable information in accordance with the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time the information was collected.

**Contacting Ubokia:**  
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [general@ubokia.com](mailto:general@ubokia.com)
