> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the emiliopucci.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606160254id_/http%3A//www.emiliopucci.com/gb/Help/LegalArea/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## Privacy Policy

Welcome to our web site ("www.emiliopucci.com"). Please read our Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit or surf our web site without purchasing any product, when you register with www.emiliopucci.com, and when you use our services for purchasing products. If you haven't already done so, please also read the [General Terms and Condition of Use](https://web.archive.org/gb/Help/LegalArea/UseTerms) of www.emiliopucci.com, which contain information on privacy as well as on the security systems used by the web site. www.emiliopucci.com is managed by YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A. ("YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP") with registered office in via Morimondo, 17 – Milano 20143Italy. YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP controls the use of www.emiliopucci.com users' personal data together with Emilio Pucci, whose registered address is in Via de’ Pucci 6, 50100 Firenze, Italy, Tax Code 05063340482 (jointly referred to as "YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci").

**1\. Our Policy**  
Everyone has the right to protection of his/her personal data. YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci respect its users' right to be informed regarding the collection of and other operations involving their personal data. In using data that may directly or indirectly identify you personally, we will apply a principle of strict necessity. For this reason, we have designed www.emiliopucci.com in such a way that the use of your personal data will be kept to a minimum and will not exceed the purposes for which your personal data was collected and/or processed; we do not process your personal data when we can provide you with services through the use of anonymous data (such as marketing research made for improving our services) or by other means which allow YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci to identify you, apart from when it is strictly necessary or upon request by competent public authorities or the police (for example, in case of traffic data or your IP address).  
YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci determine the purposes and means for processing your personal data, including security measures, as YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci control www.emiliopucci.com users' personal data.  
This Privacy Policy provides you with all information needed to understand how we collect data which may identify www.emiliopucci.com's users. For further information on our Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@store.emiliopucci.com](mailto:privacy@store.emiliopucci.com), or at YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A., via Morimondo, 17 – Milano 20143Italy or Emilio Pucci at its registered office indicated above.

**2\. Who Processes Your Personal Data**  
YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci control the use of www.emiliopucci.com users' personal data; YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci autonomously determine the purposes and means of processing personal data and the instruments used, including those for security measures. Due to organisational and operational purposes only, we have appointed certain entities that will also process personal data belonging to www.emiliopucci.com's users for purposes strictly connected to the performance of services on www.emiliopucci.com, including the sale of products.  
The above mentioned processors have been chosen by YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci because of their experience in processing personal data and they provide sufficient guarantees regarding compliance with data processing laws (including the technical security measures governing the processing to be carried out). In processing the personal data of www.emiliopucci.com's users, the processors shall act only on instructions from YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci. We regularly check that our processors comply with our instructions and that they continue to provide sufficient guarantees regarding their full compliance with the provisions on personal data processing.  
Some of the processors of your personal data are:

  * [United Parcel Service](http://www.ups.com/), for for purposes related to shipping, delivering and returning products purchased on www.emiliopucci.com;
  * BT Italia S.p.A., for purposes related to the housing of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP servers;
  * Prestige International UK ltd, for for purposes connected to providing call centre and Customer Care services to www.emiliopucci.com's users.



Aside from the companies appointed for personal data processing, your information will be made available also to third parties, autonomous controllers, for purposes related to supplying services requested by user (for example, for purchase transactions). For more information on the matter, see section 5 (To Whom Your Personal Data Will Be Disclosed).

Please contact our Customer Care or send us an email at [privacy@store.emiliopucci.com](mailto:privacy@store.emiliopucci.com) in order to receive a full list of data processors.

**3\. How We Use Personal Data and for What Purposes**  
Your personal data is collected and processed by YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci for purposes which are strictly connected to the use of the web site, its services and to the purchase of products on the web site. However, your personal data may also be used for other processing operations within the limits of such purposes.  
In particular, your personal data shall be processed for the following purposes:

  * when you register with our website we collect your personal data (for example, your personal details, password, email address, gender) through the registration form (My Account) in order to provide you with services in www.emiliopucci.com’s reserved access areas and to send you our Newsletter, when specifically requested;
  * when you require assistance from our Customer Care, we collect your personal data (for example, your name and surnames, email address and password) for purposes strictly necessary to providing you with Customer Care services related to www.emiliopucci.com services and to the purchase of products on www.emiliopucci.com;
  * when you execute purchasing procedures for products sold on www.emiliopucci.com, we collect your personal data (such as personal details, email address, address, Credit Card numbers, bank code, tax code and telephone number) on your order form only for the purpose of selling the products ordered by you;
  * when you require technical assistance, we collect your personal data in order to provide you with information on net-surfing, browser compatibility and viewing or loading www.emiliopucci.com web pages ;
  * when creating a Wish List, we process your personal data in order to customise our services for the purchase of products on www.emiliopucci.com.



Your personal data is mostly processed by electronic means and in some circumstances by paper-based means, such as when the processing of your personal data is required for preventing fraud on www.emiliopucci.com. Your personal data shall be stored in a way which allows YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci to identify you for the period necessary for the purposes which the data was collected for and subsequently processed and, in any case, in accordance with applicable law. Please report any modification of your personal data to [privacy@store.emiliopucci.com](mailto:privacy@store.emiliopucci.com) in order to ensure that your personal information is always accurate and up-to-date, relevant and complete.  
Your personal data shall not be disclosed to third parties for purposes which are not permitted by law or without your explicit consent.  
Your personal data may only be disclosed to third parties when it is necessary for processing an order. For example, your personal data is disclosed to Banca Sella S.p.A. for the performance of electronic distance payment services using Credit/Debit Card when you purchase a product on www.emiliopucci.com. Moreover, your data may be disclosed to the police or to judicial authorities, according to law and upon a formal request by such entities, for example in the event YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci need to prevent fraud on www.emiliopucci.com (anti-fraud services).  
Data processors will also have access to your personal data as stated in section 2 for the specific purposes stated therein. In all the above circumstances, your consent for data processing is not required. Your personal data will not be transferred abroad to non-EU countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection of individuals. Should this be necessary in order to supply services or to execute a contract for the purchase of products, your personal data shall be transferred to such non-EU countries only after the execution of specific contracts between YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP, Emilio Pucci, and such entities in accordance with applicable law and regulations.  
We wish to inform you that YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci shall process its users' personal data for purposes that are strictly connected to the supply of services on www.emiliopucci.com, execution of contracts related to the sale and purchase of products on www.emiliopucci.com and, after receiving your consent, to send you information on new commercial initiatives which are strictly connected to the web site's activities and services.  
YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci shall process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including by email, only after receiving your consent. YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci may have access to third parties' personal data which was directly disclosed by their users, for example when a user bought a product to be sent to a friend, when the user paying for the product is different from the recipient of the product, or when a user wishes to recommend to a friend a service of www.emiliopucci.com or the sale of a particular product.  
In all of the above cases, please make sure you receive the consent of such individuals before disclosing their personal data to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci and make sure you inform them about this Privacy Policy; you will be the only person liable in connection with the disclosure of information and data regarding such third parties if they have not provided you with their express consent for it and for any improper and unlawful use of that information. In any event, YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP shall fulfil any obligation to inform third parties required by law and, when necessary, shall request their express consent upon registering in its archives the personal information of the user indicated.

**4\. What Happens if You Do Not Disclose Your Personal Data to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci**  
Granting your personal data to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci (in particular, your personal details, your email address, your address, your Credit/Debit Card numbers and bank code and your telephone number) is necessary for processing your order for the purchase of products on www.emiliopucci.com, supplying other services provided on the web site upon your request, or when your personal information is needed to fulfil obligations required by law or regulations.  
The refusal to provide YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci with some of your personal data necessary for performing the above purposes may consequently prevent YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci from processing your order for the purchase of products sold on www.emiliopucci.com or from supplying other services provided on www.emiliopucci.com, such as Customer Care services, sending the Newsletter, using the Wish List or fulfilling obligations required by law and other regulations. Therefore, failing to provide data may constitute, in some cases, a legitimate and justified reason for not processing your order for the purchase of products sold on www.emiliopucci.com or not providing www.emiliopucci.com’s services.  
Disclosure of further personal data to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci other than that required for fulfilling legal or contractual obligations or for providing the services requested, is, on the contrary, optional and does not have any effect on the use of the web site and of its services or on the purchase of products on www.emiliopucci.com (for example, if we ask you the name of your favourite designer).  
In some circumstances and if required, from time to time we will duly inform you if the personal data you are disclosing to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci is compulsory or optional. We will point out to you whether the disclosure of your data is compulsory or optional by marking with an appropriate symbol (*) the information that is compulsory or data needed for providing the required services on www.emiliopucci.com and for the purchase of products on www.emiliopucci.com. Failing to provide optional personal data will not imply any obligation or disadvantage to our users.

**5\. To Whom Your Personal Data Will Be Disclosed**  
Personal data will be disclosed to third party companies that provide, on behalf of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci, specific services as data processors or to other recipients of personal data collected by YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci that autonomously process your personal data only for the performance of a contract for purchasing products on www.emiliopucci.com (for example, Banca Sella S.p.A.) and only when such purpose does not exceed the purposes for which your personal data was collected and subsequently processed and, in any case, according to applicable laws and regulations.  
Personal data will not be disclosed to third parties or disseminated or transferred without informing our users of such disclosure/dissemination/transfer, without their consent and, in any case, in accordance with the law.

**6\. How We Collect Your Data on www.emiliopucci.com**  
When you are using www.emiliopucci.com, some personal data might be collected automatically (through "cookies"), for example, when we automatically collect users' IP addresses and other information regarding the users' data traffic or the users' preferences in the choice of services provided on this web site and of the products purchased through the provided services. This information and data are collected directly and automatically by the web site as part of its operational functions. This information and data are then processed in a collective and anonymous way for commercial purposes in order to optimize the services provided on www.emiliopucci.com for the needs and preferences of the web site's users.  
In other circumstances, YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci directly collect personal data and information from its users when they register online with www.emiliopucci.com or when they send purchase orders of products sold on the web site in order to finalise e-commerce transactions. YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci will process such data only for the purposes and within the limits of what is stated in the section regarding data collection and may be disclosed to third parties only for the purposes related to providing the services requested by the user.

**7\. Security Measures**  
We have adopted security measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, and against all other reasons for data processing that do not comply with our Privacy Policy. Nevertheless, YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci cannot guarantee that the security measures adopted for the protection of the web site and for data and information transmission on www.emiliopucci.com will prevent or exclude any risk of unauthorised access or of loss of data.  
It is advisable that your computer be provided with software devices that protect network data transmission/receipt (such as updated antivirus systems) and that your Internet service provider take appropriate measures for the security of network data transmission (such as, for example, firewalls and anti-spam filtering).

**8\. Opt-in/Opt out**  
YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci process your personal data only after receiving your consent, freely expressed, in order to send you advertising material and direct marketing or other commercial communications, including by email, which do not fall within customer requested services provided by www.emiliopucci.com. Each time your consent is required, we will inform you in advance and we will give you the option to either provide or refuse your consent for the use of your personal data, including your email address, for the above purposes, by ticking the appropriate boxes.  
We wish to inform you that YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and www.emiliopucci.com may process your personal data also without your consent in certain circumstances provided by law, such as when such processing is necessary for performing a legal obligation to which YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and www.emiliopucci.com are subject or when such processing is necessary for performing obligations undertaken in contracts with the users (such as, for example, if you purchased products on www.emiliopucci.com or if you asked to use specific services through our web site).  
In any case, we wish to inform you that YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci guarantee that its users may exercise, at any time and without having to state their reasoning, their right not to receive future communications connected to particular services upon request.

**9\. Your Right to Access Personal Data and Further Rights**  
You are entitled to obtain, at any time, confirmation from YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci as to whether or not data relating to you is being processed, whether the data is not yet registered, and the communication in intelligible form of the data undergoing processing.  
Moreover, you are entitled to receive from YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci information on the source of your personal data; the purposes and way of processing your personal data; the logic involved in any electronic data processing; details of the data controller and of the data processors; the names of the entities and categories of entities to whom your personal data may be disclosed or who may access your personal data, for example, as a data controller or a party so appointed.  
You can easily find part of the above information in our Privacy Policy. For further information, send an email to [privacy@store.emiliopucci.com](mailto:privacy@store.emiliopucci.com). You are entitled to obtain at any time from YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci:

  * the updating, adjustment or, when you have an interest in such, the integration of your personal data;
  * the deletion, the transformation into an anonymous form or blocking of your personal data (unlawfully processed), including data which does not need to be stored for the purposes for which it was collected and subsequently processed;
  * the confirmation that the operations under letters a) and b) have been reported (together with the contents of the same) to whom the data was disclosed or disseminated, except when it becomes impossible or if the means used are clearly disproportionate to the right’s protection.



You are entitled to object, in whole or in part:

  * for legitimate reasons, to the processing of your personal data, even if it is related to the purposes for which it was collected;
  * to the processing of your personal data for advertising or direct marketing purposes or in order to carry out marketing research or commercial communications.



You may freely exercise your rights at any time, provided that you do so in compliance with applicable laws, by sending your request to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci at the following email address: [privacy@store.emiliopucci.com](mailto:privacy@store.emiliopucci.com). We will reply to you as necessary.

**10\. Links to Other Web Sites**  
www.emiliopucci.com contains links to other web sites which may have no connection with www.emiliopucci.com or with YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci. YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci do not control or monitor such web sites or their web content. YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci shall not be held liable for the web content of such sites and for the rules adopted by them in terms of your privacy and the processing of your personal data while you are visiting those web sites. Please, pay attention when you connect to these web sites through the links provided on www.emiliopucci.com and read their terms and conditions of use and their privacy policy carefully.  
www.emiliopucci.com's Privacy Policy does not apply to third party web sites. www.emiliopucci.com provides links to other web sites exclusively to help its users in their searches and net-surfing activities and to allow links to other web sites on the Internet. When YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci provide links to other web sites, YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci do not recommend the use of these web sites and do not provide any guarantees regarding their web content or the services and products supplied and sold by these web sites to Internet users.

**11\. Contacts**  
If you wish to receive further information on how YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci process your personal data, please send an email to [privacy@store.emiliopucci.com](mailto:privacy@store.emiliopucci.com). Should you require any further information on your rights and on personal data protection law you can contact the personal data protection authority at the following address: [www.garanteprivacy.it](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/).

**12.** **Governing Law**  
This Privacy Policy is governed by Italian law and, in particular, by the Italian Personal Data Protection Code (legislative decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003) which governs the processing of personal data - also held overseas - carried out by anyone who is domiciled or has registered offices in Italy. The Italian Personal Data Protection Code guarantees that processing of personal data will be carried out in compliance with fundamental rights and freedom of individuals, as well as of their dignity, with particular reference to confidentiality, identity and to the right to personal data protection.

**13.** **Modification and Updating of www.emiliopucci.com Privacy Policy**  
YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP and Emilio Pucci may amend or simply update all or part of www.emiliopucci.com's Privacy Policy, including when amendments are made to legal provisions or regulations which govern data protection and protect your rights. The amendments and the updating of www.emiliopucci.com Privacy Policy shall be notified to our users on www.emiliopucci.com's homepage as soon as such amendments or updates have been introduced and shall be binding as soon as they are published on the web site in this section. Therefore, you are requested to regularly access this section in order to check the publication of the most recent and updated Privacy Policy of www.emiliopucci.com.

Back to top
