> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the morevisibility.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618131956id_/http%3A//morevisibility.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Position Yourself with Leaders In Search Engine Optimization

**General Information**

This Web site ( **MoreVisibility.com** ) is owned and operated by **MoreVisibility.com, Inc**.

**MoreVisibility.com** respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web site or responds to our interactive communications. This Privacy Statement outlines the information we collect when you visit our Web site or respond to our interactive communications, and how we use that information.

For your convenience, we may offer links to other Web sites at **Morevisibility.com**. Please note that **this privacy policy applies only to Morevisibility.com**. Any other Web site may be subject to another privacy policy, so we encourage you to review the privacy policy posted at every Web site you visit before you provide any personal information.

**Log Data**  
Log data consists of IP addresses and information generated by cookies (see below), and other details about a visit to our Web site, such as the time of the visit and the type of Web browser used. Log data is collected passively and is not personally identifiable. Log data collected on **MoreVisibility.com** Web servers supply us with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. We use this information only to improve our site and service.

**Cookies**  
Cookies are information files which a Web server places on your computer when you visit a Web site. **MoreVisibility.com** is able to access only the cookies that it (or a third party provider) sets on your computer and we are only able to determine the type of computer operating system and browser that you and other visitors are using. **MoreVisibility.com** collects this information in the aggregate in order to improve access to our content based on our visitors' browsers and operating systems to make our content available to as many visitors as possible. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser.

**Personal Information**  
We never sell, trade or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information to anyone. We do not share your e-mail address with any other company. The information collected is for the sole purpose of fulfilling and discussing the Free Search Engine Visibility Report offered on our site, at your request.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, [Click Here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).

You are given the opportunity with each e-mail newsletter correspondence we send, for updates and additional marketing information, to remove yourself from our e-mail contact list. We will make all reasonable attempts to remove requested email addresses from our files. All inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to [privacy@morevisibility.com](mailto:privacy@morevisibility.com).
