> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the moreniche.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626200956id_/https%3A//moreniche.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MoreNiche

### **1\. SCOPE**

This policy applies to personal information collected on websites owned or controlled by MoreNiche Limited and its affiliates and their brands.

The aim of this policy is to tell you how we will use any personal information we collect or you provide through our websites. Please read it carefully before you proceed. The data controller in respect of this website is MoreNiche Limited.

###  **2\. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**

You do not have to give us any personal information in order to use most of this website.

However, if you wish to register on this website or become an affiliate for us and receive payments we collect the following personal information from you:

  * name, address, phone number, email address and payment details



We will also keep a record of any financial transaction we make with you. Any payments made to you are processed securely by ourselves. You may also choose to provide additional voluntary information in the course of your use of this website.

In addition, we may automatically collect information about the website that you came from or are going to. We also collect information about the pages of this website which you visit, IP addresses, the type of browser you use and the times you access this website. However, this information is aggregated and is not used to identify you.  


### **3\. HOW WILL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BE USED AND SHARED?**

The personal information we collect allows us to:

  * track visitors and sales generated by you;
  * verify your identity and make a payment to you;
  * administer our website and provide customer services;
  * meet legal, regulatory and compliance requirements;
  * monitor and analyse the use of any account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime;
  * gather management information to form statistical and trend analysis;
  * communicate with you;
  * investigate any complaints about this website;
  * personalise your experience of this website; and
  * contact you about our products and services which we think might be of interest to you (where we have the appropriate permissions to do so; please see Paragraph 5 for more information).



We may employ the services of third party service providers to help us in certain areas, such as tracking affiliate sales, payment processing, marketing optimization. In some cases the third party may receive your information. However, at all times, we will control and be responsible for the use of your information and ensure its safety. We have signed addendums with all our partners to ensure the they comply with the GDPR law, which comes into effect 25th of May, 2018. 

We may use aggregated information so we can administer and improve our website, analyse trends, gather broad demographic information and detect suspicious or fraudulent transactions. We may pass this information to third parties to help us with those activities.

Please email us on support@moreniche.com if you want to have details of who we pass information about you. You have a legal right to these details.

###  **4\. TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE EEA**

We may transfer some of your personal information to the United States of America as we have partners in this jurisdictions, but only to companies that are registered with the EU-US Privacy Shield, therefore ensuring the safety of your data.

###  **5\. COOKIES AND RELATED TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES**

####  **5.1 Use of Cookies on our website**

We use cookies to collect information about and store your online preference. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser which allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page.

We use the following categories of cookies on our website:

#####  **Strictly Necessary Cookies**

These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for such as remembering your login details or shopping basket items cannot be provided.

#####  **Performance Cookies**

These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our website. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at our site, browse or use our site and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation, shopping experience and marketing campaigns. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.

#####  **Functionality Cookies**

These cookies remember choices you make such as the country you visit our website from, language and search parameters such as size, colour or product line. These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make the visits more tailored and pleasant. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.

#####  **Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies**

These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks. They remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers.

#####  **Social Media Cookies**

These cookies allow you to share what you’ve been doing on the website on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. These cookies are not within our control. Please refer to the respective privacy policies for how their cookies work.

If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.

Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site. To find out more about cookies please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org or see www.youronlinechoices.eu which contains further information about behavioural advertising and online privacy.

####  **5.2 Use of Web Beacons**

Some of our Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign.

###  **6\. LINKS**

Our site contains links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from this site. We encourage user to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your personal information.

###  **7\. SECURITY**

We have implemented reasonable technical and organisational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.

###  **8\. SALE OF THE BUSINESS**

In the event that the business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.

###  **9\. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

You are entitled to see the personal information held about you. If you wish to do this, please contact us at support@moreniche.com. We may require you to provide verification of your identity to provide a copy of the personal information we hold. Please note that in certain circumstances we may withhold access to your personal information where we have the right to do so under current data protection legislation. Other rights you have under the GDPR law:

  * Right to rectification if the data is inaccurate or incomplete
  * Right to erasure – i.e. to request the deletion or removal of personal data in certain circumstances. 
  * Right to restrict processing – i.e. to prevent the data from being processed if it is inaccurate and in certain other circumstances. 
  * Right to data portability 
  * Right to object – i.e. you can request for us to stop the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. 
  * The right to withdraw consent at any time.
  * The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, namely ICO.



You may review, correct, update or change your personal information at any time by contacting us at support@moreniche.com.

###  **10\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY**

If our Privacy & Cookies Policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.

###  **11\. HOW TO CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about this statement or your personal information, please contact us at support@moreniche.com.

#### Where to find us

 **UK Office**  
Digital House  
Clarendon Park  
Nottingham  
NG5 1AH  
United Kingdom

 **US Office**  
1330 Av. of Americas  
New York  
10019  
United States

* * *

© 2002 - 2019 MoreNiche Ltd
