> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the morguefile.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623035802id_/http%3A//www.morguefile.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Morguefile privacy

### MORGUEFILE PRIVACY POLICY

## INTRODUCTION

This privacy policy governs Morguefile's Platforms, and addresses and explains Morguefile's practices regarding information collected from Users of the Platforms (the "Privacy Policy"). Except as expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, these provisions are solely intended to address information that we collect via the Platforms from our Users. This Privacy Policy also addresses how we collect information based on your interactions with our online ads on our Platforms. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into Morguefile's Terms and Conditions by reference, and made a part thereof, as if set forth fully therein. All capitalized terms contained in this Privacy Policy that are not defined will have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and Conditions. 

## COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM PLATFORM USERS

Morguefile itself, and its third party credit card processor(s) (currently Braintree), may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us through the Platforms via registration forms, surveys, applications, purchase forms and other online fields, including, but not limited to your name, postal and/or email address(es), telephone number, credit card number(s), bank account details, and/or other relevant personal information (collectively, the "Personal Information"). You may be required to provide us with the foregoing Personal Information to complete your registration profile, to access certain features and/or to purchase certain goods and services made available to you on or through the Platforms. A portion of your Personal Information, while collected by Morguefile and its third party credit card processor(s), may be stored and maintained by third-party processors, including, but not limited to, a payment-processing center. We will also: (a) collect and track information about you that may not constitute Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your home server domain names, and date and time of your visit(s), to the Platforms, the originating IP address(es), files downloaded, search engine(s) used, operating system, information and data on how you use the Platforms, the page(s) visited, the type of Web browser(s) for users of the Platforms, the language you use in your web browser(s), operating system(s) on your computer(s), your mobile device type and related technical information, your geo-location data, the state or country from which you access the Platforms, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting the Site, the number of links you click within the Platforms, the functions you use on the Platforms, the specific Services that you access on the Platforms, the data you view, save on, or download from the Platforms, and/or the number of times you view any advertisement(s) on the Platforms (the "User Data"); and (b) aggregate any such User Data. The User Data is typically collected, analyzed and maintained in aggregated and de-identified formats. If you do not wish to provide any of the Personal Information described above, and/or if you prevent us from collecting and storing the User Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, you will be unable to view, access, use and/or to obtain the Services accessible through the Platforms. You may choose to opt-out of certain provisions of this Privacy Policy by submitting a request in writing to support@morguefile.com. Please note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law. 

## HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION

Morguefile will collect the Personal Information and the User Data (collectively, the "Information") about you through a variety of means, as described more fully below. Firstly, Morguefile will collect the Information you submit to us through registration, application and payment forms. Morguefile and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners, analytics software providers, advertisers and advertising servers) may place, view, and/or use "cookies", or other electronic tools or other similar authenticating or tracking technologies on your computer's and/or devices' hard drive to collect traffic and User use information. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, disable cookies entirely, or disable the collection of geo-location data. You need to set each browser, on each device you use, to surf the World Wide Web. Thus, if you use multiple browsers (e.g. AOL, Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.) you should repeat this procedure with each individual browser. Similarly, if you connect to the World Wide Web from multiple devices (e.g. work and home), you will need to set each browser on each device. However, if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of the Platforms, the data, information, content, materials and/or Services contained on or accessed through the Platforms, such as the polls, surveys, contests, and product sales, and certain areas of the Platforms for which you need to log in, will not function properly, and the advertising you receive when you visit the Platforms may not be advertisements tailored to your interests. 

## USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED

Morguefile may use the Information collected for various internal reasons, including, but not limited to: (a) monitoring, researching, and analyzing traffic flow on the Platforms; (b) better service provision for Users of the Platforms (such as by enabling log-in, providing access to certain sections of the Platforms and various levels of the Services, providing customized content, or presenting online advertising on Platforms); (c) compilation and aggregation of anonymous information about usage of the Platforms and the Services; (d) provide other statistics, offers, contests, and/or promotions; (e) allow you to access Morguefile's Services; and/or (f) facilitate renewal of payments and related activities. However, if you have deleted and disabled cookies, these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information. In addition to the foregoing, Morguefile will use your Personal Information to maintain contact with you, but not to market new products and services to you that we think will be of particular interest to you, unless you confirm your willingness via an affirmative opt-in mechanism. 

## DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

Morguefile may share your Information with our partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies, as well as with various other third parties, but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis. Consistent with the choice you make when providing Personal Information, Morguefile may also share your Personal Information with a sponsor or other third party ("Third-Party Provider") that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you. If you participate in certain features of the Services available on or through the Platforms, including, but not limited to, open communication platforms, please note that any Information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features and Services becomes available to the public and/or other Users. If you choose to provide access to designated individuals, please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use. Morguefile is not responsible for the Information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on the Platforms, and Morguefile's, or others' use of such Information is subject to this Privacy Policy. Morguefile may also disclose your Information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, and/or other legal process; (b) produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, and/or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Morguefile or others; (d) enforce any Terms and Conditions on Platforms; (e) provide you and other Users of the Platforms with the Services requested by you and/or other Users, and to perform other activities related to such Services, including billing and collection; (f) provide you with special offers or promotions from Morguefile subject to your acceptance of the affirmative "opt-in" mechanism; and/or (g) operate Morguefile's systems properly. The collection, further use, and/or disclosure of your Information by Third-Party Providers and/or by other third parties, is not the responsibility of Morguefile. Rather, such collection, use, and/or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers' own privacy policies. 

## ADVERTISEMENTS

Morguefile, its designated service providers, or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers, may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on the Platforms, or on other websites. Information about your visits to and activity on the Platforms, your IP address(es), the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the Platforms, and to learn which banner ads bring users to the Platforms. The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers, third-party advertisers and their advertising servers, is not covered by this Privacy Policy. 

## SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

Any Personal Information you provide to Morguefile is kept on secure servers. Morguefile uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures (a) to safeguard Personal Information against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification; and (b) to ensure the integrity of the Personal Information. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of any logon ID(s) and password(s) you may have set up in connection with your viewing and access of the Platforms, and the use of the Services. Despite Morguefile's efforts to protect your Personal Information, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Morguefile via the Platforms, the Services, or via e-mail cannot be, and is not, guaranteed. Accordingly, Morguefile is not responsible for the security of information transmitted to or from you via the Internet. In addition, to protect your Personal Information, never share your password with anyone, and if you feel that your password has been discovered or compromised, you should change it immediately by logging onto the Platforms and accessing your profile to change your password, or by contacting us at support@morguefile.com. 

## LINKS TO OTHER SITES 

Morguefile is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party websites, platforms, advertisers, or third parties, and/or or the content of such sites; it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other web sites. Morguefile does not control these third parties' use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, platforms, advertisers and any third parties. 

## COMMENTS, NOTICES AND USER CONTENT Any materials or comments posted to any of the pages on the Platforms are public. As such, Morguefile assumes (a) no liability for the accuracy of such materials or comments, (b) no duty to update or correct such materials or comments, and (c) no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. 

## ACCESS TO, AND ABILITY TO CORRECT, PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may modify, correct, change or update your Personal Information by contacting Morguefile at support@morguefile.com. While Morguefile will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws. 

## RIGHT TO CHANGE PRIVACY STATEMENT

If you choose to visit our Platforms, and/or access and use the Services available on or through the Platforms, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including, but not limited to, limitations on damages, resolution of disputes through arbitration, and application of the law of the State of New York. If you have any concern about privacy on the Platforms and/or the Services available on or through the Platforms, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes, and both this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions will change also. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Platforms themselves frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. Your continued used of the Platforms and/or the Services available on or through the Platforms shall be interpreted as your acceptance of any such changes and updates to this Privacy Policy. 

## YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 provides you with the right to request certain information regarding disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, including a description of the categories of Personal Information, be disclosed. In order to obtain such information, please email your request to support@morguefile.com. 

## TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES

Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer and processing of your Personal Information to and in various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By submitting your Personal Information, you consent to such transfers and processing. 
