> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mortgageloan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090401090846id_/http%3A//www.mortgageloan.com/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - MortgageLoan.com

## We Respect Your Privacy

At Mortgage Loan Directory and Information Inc. (here forth referred to as MortgageLoan.com) your privacy is a top priority for us and we are committed to protecting your privacy online. This Privacy Pledge outlines the steps we've taken to ensure that you have a great experience at MortgageLoan.com, and also provides details on how we treat any personal information you may submit to us. This Privacy Pledge applies to this website, MortgageLoan.com . Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by MortgageLoan.com and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. MortgageLoan.com also utilizes the SecureRights verification service. SecureRights is a third party verification service dedicated to protecting consumers from fraud and privacy violations. SecureRights provides a secure platform for businesses to manage and oversee the collection and transfer of consumer information. SecureRights verifies information submitted through its system by individual consumers seeking information on financial products and services from the businesses that provide them. For more on SecureRights, click here. 

## Information Sharing and Disclosure

We share personal information about you under the following circumstances: As Permitted by Law - We may be required to share your personal information with law enforcement or government agencies in response to subpoenas, court orders, federal/state audits or similar circumstances. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of MortgageLoan.com's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law. Business Transfer - As with any other business, it is possible that MortgageLoan.com, in the future could merge with or be acquired by another company. If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by MortgageLoan.com, including your personal information, customer and business account information, but would continue to be bound by this policy unless you consent otherwise. Advertisements and Third Party Ad Servers You may receive advertisements for MortgageLoan.com from third parties. For instance, when visiting a third party website, you may receive a "pop up" window advertising MortgageLoan.com. Please note that such advertisements are served by the third party website that you have visited and are not controlled by MortgageLoan.com. In addition, such advertisements may be placed by third party ad servers or ad networks. These companies may employ cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. IP Addresses We keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP Address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. 

## Offering You Choices

Marketing Email Options- You may register to receive communications from us directly on our website or through a third party. Upon registering, we will periodically send you newsletters and other e-mails with offers and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails. Third Party Advertisers - Please note that MortgageLoan.com can only control its own mailing list and policies. Third party advertisers that maintain their own mailing lists may send communications that advertise our services, and you may need to contact these parties directly in order to stop receiving their email communications. Confidentiality and Security The security of your personal information is very important at MortgageLoan.com and we take a number of steps to safeguard it. For example: • We limit access to personal information to those employees or agents who assist us in providing requested products and services to you. • We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard personal information about you. • We have partnered with SecureRights to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we collect from you. Third Party Links This Privacy Pledge applies to all information that you provide to MortgageLoan.com. However, when you visit websites to which MortgageLoan.com links, keep in mind you will be interacting with a third party that operates under its own privacy and security policy. If you choose to obtain certain services through a third party site, the data collected by the third party is governed by that third party's privacy policy. A third party site will also have its own policy regarding the use of cookies and clear gifs. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. Framing In some cases, we may use third parties to operate portions of the MortgageLoan.com website. Although the particular section of the website may have a similar appearance as the MortgageLoan.com site, information submitted through these outside third parties are subject to that company's privacy policy unless otherwise stated. Removing Your Information Federal and state regulations require that we maintain all information (including your personal information) submitted through the MortgageLoan.com website for various time periods. In order to comply with these regulations, we cannot delete your information from our database. 

## Questions and Suggestions

If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Privacy Pledge, you may contact us: By sending a letter to: MortgageLoan.com Corporate Office Inquiries 4721 E. Moody Blvd. Unit # 101 Bunnell, FL 32110 

## Changes to this Privacy Pledge

MortgageLoan.com may update or modify this Privacy Pledge from time to time. If there are material changes to this Privacy Pledge or in how MortgageLoan.com will use your personal information, we will post such changes here. You will be notified if any of the material changes that affect the use of your personal information and asked to opt-in to the new use of your personal information. If you do not agree with the changes to how your information will be used, please do not continue to use this website. By using this site, you signify your assent to the MortgageLoan.com Privacy Pledge. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the MortgageLoan.com site. When you request rate quotes or other information through MortgageLoan.com, you are authorizing us to share information with our business partners, who will contact you by phone, email, or mail. If you do not want further communication from them, please notify the partner directly. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time. Please check the policy each time you use our website to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Pledge will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Pledge. 
