> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kmaland.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130805191315id_/http%3A//www.kmaland.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | KMA Radio

May Broadcasting, L.P. and its radio stations (collectively "KMA") respect the personal privacy of visitors to our website ("KMALAND.com"). Please read this Internet Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website, what we do with that information, and how to safeguard the personal information you provide to us. This Internet Privacy Policy applies only to information collected online through the KMALAND.com and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than KMALAND.com. 

**INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY**  
Your personal privacy is a principal concern to us at KMA. Our goal in outlining our policy on the collection and use of listener/customer information is to ensure the highest level of confidentiality and security. When you provide your personal information on KMALAND.com, we will not give or sell your personal information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation without your permission, which may be express or implied. We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will be used only to support your customer relationship with our radio stations and to assist us in providing better and more targeted services to you. Additionally, internal practices are in place to help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of customer information. When we ask customers/listeners to provide their personal information on KMALAND.com, it is done with the goal of improving the relationship between KMA radio station and the listener. At KMA, we allow our listeners to maintain control over their personal information while attempting to provide a more interactive online experience. Our intention is to send e-mail only to listeners/customers who have chosen to receive such e-mails. At any time, you have the right to decline receiving future communications from KMA in any manner, including email, fax, telephone and postal mail. 

**HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION**  
When you browse any KMALAND.com, you do so anonymously. Personal information—including your e-mail address—is not collected. However, there are three (3) ways in which KMALAND.com may collect information about you. 

  1. Some areas of KMALAND.com may request that you voluntarily provide personal information for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, membership, making a purchase, or participating in contests or online surveys. Information that we ask you to provide may include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address, etc.
  2. Like many other commercial website,KMALAND.com may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our website are used. Cookies are small text files on your system used for keeping track of settings or data for a particular website. You may turn them off through your browser or set your browser to notify you before accepting them. KMALAND.commay use cookies to store information necessary to provide a service or access into a site. Any information that we may store in cookies is used for internal purposes only.
  3. Each time KMALAND.com page is requested from your browser, we log your computer's IP address into our log files. Your computer has been pre-assigned a 12-digit number from your Internet Service Provider and may be static or dynamically assigned—this number is the IP address. KMA uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track movements on the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to any other personally identifiable information by KMA.

  
**SECURITY**  
Access to listener/customer information is limited to those who specifically need it to conduct their business responsibilities. We use security techniques designed to protect our listener/customer information—especially information that is used by employees and business partners to fulfill listener/customer services. In addition to providing listeners/customers with the opportunity to refuse marketing offers, we release information only at the listeners'/customers' requests, or when required to do so by law or other regulatory authority. When a court order or subpoena requires us to release information, we notify the listener/customer directly so that his/her legal rights can be exercised, if appropriate. The only exceptions to this policy are when we are prohibited by court order or law from notifying the listener/customer, or cases in which fraud and/or criminal activity is suspected. Finally, each KMA employee is personally responsible for maintaining listener and customer confidentiality. All KMA employees are required to sign an agreement that they will comply with these policies. Employees who violate these policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Employees are expected to report violations—and may do so confidentially—to their managers or other supervisors. Each radio station has an employee who has been assigned the responsibility for assuring the adherence to KMA's privacy policy. 

**USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION**  
As a result of providing your personal information to us, KMA radio stations can provide a more customized online experience, making your interaction with us more productive, helpful and fun, and will enhance the services and offers our radio stations bring to you. If you provide us with your e-mail address, or have done so in the past, we may send you e-mail offers or newsletters. These offers or newsletters are based on information you provided in your membership application, registration forms, surveys, or from information that may indicate purchasing preferences and lifestyle, as well as information available from external sources, such as census bureau data. These e-mail offers will come from KMA radio station only. Your information or email address is never sold to a third party. All offers are carefully developed to guarantee that they meet our standards. Our goal is to target offers to listeners/customers who will find them of value. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these communications from us by simply replying to the e-mail address included in every e-mail message that you receive from KMA radio station. From time to time, we may offer contests or other promotions on KMALAND.com . If you enter a contest or participate in a promotional event, we will ask you to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). Among other things, we will need this information to contact you if you win, and we may also use this information for marketing purposes. We may share this information with any co-sponsors of the contest or promotional event; co-sponsors will be identified in the contest rules. We may also share this information with or other third-party service providers that help administer our contests and promotional events, such as by conducting drawings, and/or delivering prizes to winners. If you do not want to provide the requested information or have the information provided to co-sponsors or other third-party service providers, please do not enter the contest or participate in the promotional event. 

**PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN**  
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. KMALAND.comis not directed at children under the age of 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personal identifying information. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide any information about yourself to KMALAND.com. 

**OTHER DISCLOSURES**  
Third-party Internet sites and services accessible through KMALAND.com have separate privacy and information collection practices, independent of us. KMA has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords, membership ID, or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we aim to protect your personal information, KMA cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. While KMAputs forth its best efforts in adhering to these minimum privacy standards, additional restrictions may be imposed to comply with state and local laws, and/or station-specific programs, products and services. 

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT**  
The Internet is an evolving medium. If we need to change this Internet Privacy Policy at some point in the future, we will post the changes to this Internet Privacy Policy on this website and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the amendment. By visiting KMALAND.com, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Internet Privacy Policy. Revised October 25, 2012. 
