> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wrike.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171228001538id_/https%3A//www.wrike.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wrike Privacy Policy

Enterprises across the globe trust Wrike to manage their team's most important projects and collaborate in the cloud. 

This privacy policy ("Policy") discloses the privacy practices for any websites or services (including any of our applications for use with hardware or software of others, such as iPhone, Chrome, Android, Outlook, and Mac Mail) owned or controlled by Wrike that link to this Policy. This Policy will apply with respect to your use of any such websites and services regardless of (i) your method of access (for example, computer browser, Outlook application, iPhone, etc.), or (ii) whether you are a registered user or a visitor. Each of the websites and/or services covered by this Policy are referred to as a "site", and all such websites and services are collectively referred to as the "sites".

This Policy addresses the information and content we currently collect from you in the course of your visit to our sites and your use of them. Information you disclose to us in the course of your access and use of our sites is referred to generally in this Policy as "personal information"; this personal information includes your user information, billing information and user content (as those terms are defined below) as well as any other information disclosed, provided or obtained by us in the course of our relationship. The Policy may also address some types of content, information, means of collecting such content and information, and uses of it, that may not presently apply to any of the sites. We tell you about these types of possibilities now because we want to maintain flexibility in offering additional features without having to revise our Policy every time we revise a site or offer new functions. No description of any type of content or information, means of collecting the content or information, or use of the content or information will require us to collect or make any particular use of any such content or information, or offer any particular functionality through any site; your use of any of our sites is always as provided for in the Terms of Service specific for that site, and you should review those Terms to understand your rights and obligations with respect to your use of that site.

If you have any questions about any of the information contained in this Policy, please feel free to contact us; we can be reached via email at [support at team.wrike.com](mailto:support@team.wrike.com)

#### 1\. Content Ownership, Collection and Use

You always retain whatever ownership rights you may have in any content, data, or other such materials you upload or otherwise actively provide to us through the sites (the "user content"). We will not sell, share, or rent this user content to others in ways different from those disclosed in this Policy.

In addition to user content you may upload or otherwise provide to us, we may collect additional information relating to, for example, your activities while visiting our site, at several different points on a site, and additional information on our collection and use of such additional information is provided below.

#### 2\. Collecting Information Through Registration, Ordering, and Related Processes

If you (i) order products or services using a site, (ii) use services from a site (regardless as to whether you are a registered user), (iii) sign up for a newsletter, (iv) participate in a survey or contest, or register for an event, or (v) otherwise contact us, we may request information from you using an order or registration form, survey form, or otherwise. Such information may include things such as your name, username, password, email address, business information, and general information about your interest in and use of the sites, as well as relevant demographic information. In addition we may automatically collect information about your computer, device or internet access, such as IP address, web browser, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, and your usage of our sites and applications.

All of the foregoing types of information will be collectively referred to as "user information", and we may use such user information in connection with the operation of our services and/or your use of them or the sites, and otherwise in connection with our business operations. We may use the user information to better understand and market to our customers and site users, individually and in the aggregate; for example, we may use this user information for product and service development, and for sales and marketing purposes. We may share this user information with third parties who are working with us to identify, develop and/or offer products and services which may be of interest to you.

When using an order form to order a product or service from us, you must also provide additional financial information needed to complete your order, such as credit card number and expiration date (collectively, "billing information"). This billing information is used for billing purposes, to fill your order, or if we have trouble processing an order. When we already have user information and/or billing information about you (such as through a previous order, previous use, previous registration, or previous contact, whether received through a site or otherwise), we may use such information to facilitate the order, registration or other process.

Please note that when invitations are sent to other individuals via our Service (a "New User") or you use our Service to share a task with an individual not registered on the Service (a "Collaborator"), that person may have access to your email address and/or other contact information shared in such invitation or shared task. Furthermore, Wrike may also remind New Users or Collaborators of the aforementioned invitation or task (and/or any updates thereto) multiple times per invitation or shared task.

#### 3\. Cookies

Like most websites, we and our third party partners collect certain information automatically when you visit our Service, read our emails, or interact with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, beacons, and similar technology (which we’ll refer to collectively as “cookies”). For example, we collect information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account, and other such information. We also collect information about the way you use the Service, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.

We use cookies to better display our Service, to save you time, to provide better technical support, and to anonymously track Service usage. For example, cookies help us to:  (a) Keep track of whether you are signed in or have previously signed in so that we can display all the features that are available to you; (b) remember your settings on the pages you visit, so that we can display your preferred content the next time you visit; (c) display personalize content and targeted advertisements on our Service as well as on other websites and services; (d) perform analytics, and measure traffic and usage trends, and better understand the demographics of our users; (e) diagnose and fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise plan for and enhance our Service.

Most or all browsers permit you to disable or reject certain cookies. You can do this by setting the preferences in the browser. Use the "help" feature of your browser to obtain more information about refusing cookies. However, if you set the browser you use to reject cookies or otherwise disable them, you may not be able to use any or all of the functionality at one or more of the sites or it may take additional time to utilize such functionality. If you wish to use any such functionality that requires the use of cookies at any of our sites, then you must accept the use of cookies for that site, and thereby, give us your permission to link your data as discussed above.

#### 4\. Browser add-in for task tracking

In order to help track tasks you create on websites and enable you to share those tasks with others as you choose, and to check whether anyone else has shared any tasks with you, we may analyze information about the sites you have visited to determine if any relevant tasks are associated with them. To do this, Wrike’s browser extension will check the sites you visit to see if any tasks are associated with them in Wrike accounts you are part of. If so, the browser extension then submits information about only those domain names which have tasks associated with them to Wrike’s servers, using an encrypted format, so that the servers can search for indexed tasks belonging to (or shared with) your existing account. If there are any such tasks associated with the domain and URL you have visited, the Wrike server will return names of tasks relevant for the visited domain and URL back to your browser extension. The browser extension, on your local device,  performs the initial screening of the domains you have visited to identify those for which tasks have been created and only sends information about those domains and URLs on to the Wrike servers. **The information about your site visits which the browser extension determines are not associated with a task are not stored on the Wrike servers** **.**

#### 5\. Sharing of Information

  * **Account Holders.**  Depending on the configuration and features selected by the Business User account holder, we may share your information with the account holder or Business User associated with your account. For example, an employer or task leader may have access to certain information about your use of the Wrike service.   
  * **Other users with whom you interact on the Service.** The Service is designed for users to post and share content, collaborate, and communicate with one another. Your information will be shared with other users you chose to interact with on the Service. If you are accessing the Service because you were invited by a Wrike User, please remember that your information is subject to this Privacy Policy and to the Wrike User’s own privacy policies and practices. Please review the privacy policy of the Wrike User(s) with whom you interact on the Service before providing any personal information or user content.
  * **Aggregated information.** We and our agents may share aggregated demographic information with our users, our affiliated organizations, and other organizations with which we do, or contemplate doing, business. Such information is aggregated and is not linked to any information that can identify individual users.
  * **Google Display Advertising.** We may use and support one or more Google tools including without limitation, Google Analytics (including Universal Analytics), (hereinafter, collectively, “Google Analytics”), Google AdWords (including Smart Pixel), Google Developer Console, Google Displaying Advertising and Google Customer Match which may include, without limitation, one or more of the following features: (i) Remarketing (as such term is defined below), (ii) Google Display Network Impression Reporting, (iii) the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and (iv) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). We connect Google Analytics with Google Developer Console in order to better understand user behavior in connection the applications we provide. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site or other sites on the Internet.  
You may opt out of the use of Google Analytics for Display Advertising (including disabling the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising, if applicable) and customize Good Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings page](https://www.google.com/settings/ads). Even though you may opt out of the use of such Google services, we may still use other third party services (including, without limitation, qualaroo.com), to collect and/or analyze data.  
We use remarketing with Google Analytics (including Universal Analytics) and/or Google Adwords (including Smart Pixel) (collectively, “Remarketing”) to advertise online including after you've visited our Site. Remarketing may be based on your interests, location and other information collected about you in compliance with [Google’s Policy For Advertising Based On Interests And Location](https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/143465?hl=en). In connection with Remarking and otherwise (i) We and our third party vendors, including, without limitation, Google, may show you ads on sites across the internet, and (ii) We and our third party vendors, including, without limitation, Google, use first party cookies (including, without limitation, the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (including, without limitation, the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve you ads based on your past visits to our Site. We also use third-party tags (including, without limitation, Bing conversion tag, Facebook ebooks conversion tag, Munchkin and Yandex metrika) in connection with our on-line marketing and analytics.  
We and our third-party vendors, including Google, may also use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Site. You may opt out of having your activity tracked by Google Analytics (for e.g. through cookies) by following the instructions contained in Section below entitled “Information about Unsubscribing and Opting Out”  
In connection with our use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting we use data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics for several purposes, including, without limitation: (i) understanding our audience and the interests and demographics of the Site's users, (ii) improving Site content to better serve our audience, (iii) segmenting Remarketing campaigns by demographics, location or interests, and/or (iv) targeting ads in Google Adwords.  
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads) page. Google also allows you to install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to restrict their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics via the browsers in which it is installed. You can also opt-out of certain third-parties’ use of cookies for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
  * **Shipping/Service providers.** We may use outside shipping or other service providers to process and ship orders or perform other functions including, without limitation, customer service and inquiry responses. Information, including personally identifiable information may be provided to such service providers in order to allow them to provide shipping, services and/or other such functions. The requirements or requests that we impose on such service providers vary with factors such as the source, type and sensitivity of the information and can, but do not necessarily, include requirements that these outsourcing providers not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes, except for backup and recovery operations. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to impose, and/or ensure compliance by our outsourcing providers, we cannot, and will not, be responsible to users for misuse of personally identifiable information by such service providers. This section is meant as a general description of our practices. It does not impose any duty upon us and it does not constitute a representation or warranty by us upon which you may rely. Please see the “Privacy Shield Provisions” section of this policy for details specific to certain disclosures of information we receive under the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield.
  * **Specific services.** Although we generally host our own sites, we may have agreements with other parties to provide you with specific additional services, including, without limitation, third-party hosted collaboration tools and other hosted services. When you or your organization use such services, we may share personally identifiable information with such parties. In such cases, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to restrict the information provided to the information necessary for the provision of such services.
  * **General use.** Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy, we may share personally identifiable information with various vendors, suppliers, and partners. Wrike uses commercially-reasonable efforts to verify that such vendors, suppliers, and partners provide products and services of interest to site users, and do not endorse such vendors, suppliers, advertisers, products or services unless expressly stated otherwise. You opt out of some of this sharing by using the opt-out information and contact information provided below.
  * **Aggregate and Anonymous Data.** Wrike (including our vendors, suppliers and partners) shall have a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free right to use aggregated and/or anonymous data in connection with our and our vendor’s, supplier’s and partner’s business operations including, without limitation, combining such data with other similar data from you and other users.
  * **Assignment for Sale or Merger.** In addition, as we develop our business, we might sell or otherwise transfer all or parts of our businesses or assets. We may also disclose your personal information (including user information, billing information and user content) to a third party as part of a sale of assets of Wrike, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, or as the result of a change in control of the company or one of its affiliates, or in preparation for any of these events. Any third party to which we transfer or sell our assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Policy and then in accordance with the terms of their privacy policy, subject to the terms of the section below entitled "Changes to the Privacy Policy."


  * We also may disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
  * Please see the “Exceptions” and “Privacy Shield” sections below for further information about disclosures.



#### 6\. Third Party Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising

We may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services, to collect, information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other devices you may use, and on other websites, apps or services, including on Facebook.  Typically, though not always, these third parties collect information through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information about your online browsing behaviors so they may personalize the ads you see. We may also share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) with these partners to help us identify and contact you across devices.

****Google Display Advertising.****  We may use and support one or more Google tools including without limitation, Google Analytics (including Universal Analytics), (hereinafter, collectively, “Google Analytics”), Google AdWords (including Smart Pixel), Google Developer Console, Google Displaying Advertising and Google Customer Match which may include, without limitation, one or more of the following features: (i) Remarketing (as such term is defined below), (ii) Google Display Network Impression Reporting, (iii) the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and (iv) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). We connect Google Analytics with Google Developer Console in order to better understand user behavior in connection the applications we provide. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site or other sites on the Internet.  You may opt out of the use of Google Analytics for Display Advertising (including disabling the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising, if applicable) and customize Good Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings page](https://www.google.com/settings/ads). Even though you may opt out of the use of such Google services, we may still use other third party services (including, without limitation, qualaroo.com), to collect and/or analyze data.

We use remarketing with Google Analytics (including Universal Analytics) and/or Google Adwords (including Smart Pixel) (collectively, “Remarketing”) to advertise online including after you've visited our Site. Remarketing may be based on your interests, location and other information collected about you in compliance with [Google’s Policy For Advertising Based On Interests And Location](https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/143465?hl=en). In connection with Remarking and otherwise (i) We and our third party vendors, including, without limitation, Google, may show you ads on sites across the internet, and (ii) We and our third party vendors, including, without limitation, Google, use first party cookies (including, without limitation, the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (including, without limitation, the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve you ads based on your past visits to our Site. We also use third-party tags (including, without limitation, Bing conversion tag, Facebook ebooks conversion tag, Munchkin and Yandex metrika) in connection with our on-line marketing and analytics.

We and our third-party vendors, including Google, may also use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Site. You may opt out of having your activity tracked by Google Analytics (for e.g. through cookies) by following the instructions contained in Section below entitled “Information about Unsubscribing and Opting Out.”  In connection with our use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting we use data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics for several purposes, including, without limitation: (i) understanding our audience and the interests and demographics of the Site's users, (ii) improving Site content to better serve our audience, (iii) segmenting Remarketing campaigns by demographics, location or interests, and/or (iv) targeting ads in Google Adwords.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads) page. Google also allows you to install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to restrict their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics via the browsers in which it is installed. You can also opt-out of certain third-parties’ use of cookies for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

#### 7\. Supplementation of Information

We sometimes supplement the user information we receive from you with other information we receive from public and/or third party sources, such as credit card issuers or clearinghouses. We will consider any such supplemental information about you as user data and may use it in accordance with the terms of this Policy.

#### 8\. Links to Third Party Websites and Services

The Service may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies.  We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites

#### 9\. Additional Users

When you add additional users to your account we send them an invitation to join our site and request such users to provide us with certain additional contact information including such users' email addresses. When you use such a service, you represent and warrant to us that you have an existing business or personal relationship with such additional user sufficient to avoid liability under any law that applies to unsolicited email. You will be deemed to be the sender of any such email (or other electronic communication) and we will be deemed to merely be a service provider facilitating your sending of the email (or other electronic communication).

#### 10\. Security

Where we or our agents collect nonpublic personal information from you, we or they will generally take reasonable steps to protect such information in transmission, but there may be circumstances when such information will not be protected that way. Unless we have or our agent has specifically identified the connection as secure or otherwise let you know your information is secure in a particular situation, you should assume that the connection is not secure and that it is possible for third parties to surreptitiously and/or illegally intercept the information shared by you and us during that part of the session. If you use third-party software integrated into our service (for example, Google Drive, Box and Dropbox) your information will be handled by such third-party and we cannot assure you that such information will be handled in a secure manner.

#### 11\. Communications

We may send to you one or more welcome emails that may also verify password and user name information, and we may send to you updates, service announcements, administrative messages, or other important information about one or more of the sites and/or our services. We may also send you newsletters, notifications or other information about products, services, and special deals we think may be of interest to users like you. Some of these communications – such as those with service announcements or such -- are tied to the service and contain important information about the service or your use of it. For those types of communications, you can only unsubscribe from them by cancelling your subscription. When emails are not tied to use of the service, we will usually provide an unsubscribe link within them.

Depending on the functionality selected by customer, the Service may permit users to send communicate with each other through the Service, including through emails, online chat, video conference, or VoIP protocols that may ring or provide an alert on your mobile device. By using the Service, you consent to receive communications from other users via the Service. We do not control how our users communicate or use the Service, so please speak directly to the user contacting you if you no longer wish to be contacted or you may close your account

#### 12\. Misappropriation of Personal Information

For the purposes of any applicable law regarding notification of persons whose personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthorized person, our information security policy provides that any required notification may, where permitted by law, be made by the use of email, telephone, fax, mail (including a notice printed in an available area of a bill or statement) or posting a notice on a site. The specific means used is up to us and we will use our judgment based on the circumstances. Where any notice is to be sent to a specific address or number (such as email address, physical address, telephone number, etc.), we will use the latest available address in our records. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE TO THIS MEANS OF NOTIFICATION.

#### 13\. Accessing, Correcting, Updating or Deleting Personal Information

Any user of our Service, may view and access their Personal Profile and make changes to the personal information stored there.

In the addition to the ability to use that tool, some international users (including those whose information we collect under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield) have certain legal rights to access other personal information we hold about them and to obtain its correction, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. To exercise those rights, they may contact their company administrator or contact us using the contact information below.

#### 14\. Information about Unsubscribing and Opting Out

You may opt out of receiving certain e-mails, e-mail updates and alerts and phone calls by contacting us at [support@team.wrike.com](mailto:support@team.wrike.com). Your account can be deactivated by contacting us at [support@team.wrike.com](mailto:support@team.wrike.com). You may turn off cookies in your browser, which will prevent certain tracking. You also may create an account and then click on [Google Analytics opt out for certain options offered by Google](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). However, by opting out of the Google Analytics your activity may still be tracked through other third-party services we use via other platforms.

Google may connect (i.e. stitch) any of your authenticated and non-authenticated browsing sessions on our site. However you may change the settings to prevent such connections (i.e. stitching) by clicking on [Google Analytics opt out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) from within your account.

In addition to Google, we work with other third party partners to provide interest-based advertising. To learn about online interest-based advertising and to know your choices about not having this information used in this way by these companies, please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. Furthermore, if you use a different device, change browsers or delete the opt-out cookie, you may need to perform the opt-out task again.

You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).   

Users who no longer wish to receive newsletters or other promotional materials will generally be provided with a link or other mechanism to use to unsubscribe from the receiving the respective materials. You may opt out of receiving such newsletters or other promotional materials by following the procedure provided there.

If you have any questions about your privacy rights, or how to opt-out of having your information shared other than as described above, or to exercise any other opt-out under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, please contact the Privacy Officer at the address below. Please note, for certain communications (such as related to your account information or system status) and the sharing of certain of your information, it may not be possible for you to just opt out of having your information shared; your only option would be to terminate your service.

In most cases, it is impractical for us to stop any other third party to whom we have supplied your information pursuant to the terms of this Policy from continuing to use such information after you have opted out. In other words, opting out will usually not stop other third parties to whom we have provided your information from continuing to use it.

_Privacy Officer  
Wrike, Inc._

_10 Almaden Blvd  
Ste 1000  
San Jose, CA 95113 Telephone: +1 877-779-7453 or +1 650-318-3551 _  
[support at team.wrike.com](mailto:support@team.wrike.com)

#### 15\. Response Times

We will use commercially reasonable efforts to timely make any changes you request. Many such changes are accomplished using batch processing (i.e. collecting a number of similar change requests and making all such changes at once), so the changes may not be immediately effective but may take 30 days or longer. If you require a more immediate change to your personally identifiable information and are unable to make such a change using the available site resources, please contact us.

The Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) regulates online collection of information from persons under the age of 13. It is Wrike’s policy to refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personally identifiable information relating to any person under the age of 18. Please do not supply any personally identifiable information for a person under the age of 18 through any of the sites. If you are under the age of 18 and believe you have already provided personally identifiable information through the site, please have your parent or guardian contact us immediately using the contact information above so that we can remove such information from our files.

#### 16\. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may choose to make changes to this Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Policy, we will post the changes on one or more sites and/or other places we deem appropriate. We may, but are not obligated, to send you an email or other notification of such change; but you should review this Policy from time to time for significant changes. If you agree to the changes, you don't need to do anything. But if you do not agree to the changes, you must discontinue use of our sites and services. If you continue to use our sites and services after the effective date of any change, you are deemed to have accepted the change.

#### 17\. Exceptions

Except as stated below, we will use information in accordance with this Policy as it may be changed from time to time as set forth above. Notwithstanding anything else in this Policy to the contrary, we may collect personally identifiable information and use and disclose such information in ways other than those described above if we are required to do so by any applicable law or if we deem it advisable and lawful in the course of (i) assisting law enforcement activities, or (ii) investigating and resolving disputes between users; and (iii) protecting our site(s) or other property, including, without limitation, investigating, preventing or taking action with respect to illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving the potential safety of any person, violations of Wrike's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Without limiting the foregoing, we reserve the right to use and disclose any information that you provide to us if we deem it advisable in the prosecution or defense of any litigation involving your use of any site.

#### 18\. Privacy Shield Provisions

Wrike complies with, and conducts periodic audits of its practices to ensure compliance with, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Access, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability, for the collection, use, and retention of personal information from participating European countries and Switzerland. Wrike is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and has self-certified compliance with Privacy Shield Principles, effective as of the date its certification is posted at . If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern with respect to personal information Wrike receives under the Privacy Shield. When Wrike receives information under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on Wrike’s behalf, Wrike has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and (ii) Wrike is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

Participating European countries’ citizens and Swiss citizens should direct any questions, concerns or complaints regarding Wrike’s handling of personal information or compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield to Wrike at:  
_Privacy Officer  
Wrike, Inc.  
10 Almaden Blvd  
Ste 1000  
San Jose, CA 95113  
Telephone: +1 877-779-7453 or +1 650-318-3551_  
[support at team.wrike.com](mailto:support@team.wrike.com)

Wrike will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns in a timely and complete manner as soon as possible. If, after discussing the matter with Wrike, your issue or complaint is not resolved, Wrike has agreed to participate in the independent dispute resolution mechanisms listed below, free of charge to you. PLEASE CONTACT WRIKE FIRST.

  * For human resources personal information that Wrike receives under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield  or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield (i.e., information about past or present employees collected in the context of the employment relationship): cooperation with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)  where the employee works.
  * Wrike has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit <http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacyshield/for-eu-consumers> for more information and to file a complaint. 



Also, note that if your complaint still is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, an additional binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. Please note that Wrike’s customers may transfer personal data to Wrike on the basis of other legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers.

#### 19\. General Contact Information

If you feel that we are not abiding by this Policy or if you have questions regarding this Policy, you may contact our privacy liaison using the following information.  
_Privacy Officer  
Wrike, Inc.  
10 Almaden Blvd  
Ste 1000  
San Jose, CA 95113  
__Telephone: +1 877-779-7453 or +1 650-318-3551_  
[support at team.wrike.com](mailto:support@team.wrike.com)
