> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the snagfilms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122214529id_/http%3A//www.snagfilms.com/films/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Watch Free Documentaries Online | SnagFilms

Thank you for visiting SnagFilms. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this statement explaining our online information practices and the way your information is collected and used at this site.

SnagFilms provides an online video service offering a selection of movies, clips and other content (collectively, "Content") available on the SnagFilms.com website (the "SnagFilms Site"). SnagFilms’ affiliate and distribution partner websites ("Distribution Sites"), and other websites where users may embed the Content (these websites, together with the SnagFilms Site and Distribution Sites, are referred to collectively as the "Sites"). Our video service, including the Content, video player, widgets and any other features, tools, applications, materials or other services offered from time to time by SnagFilms in connection with its business on any of the Sites are referred to collectively as the "SnagFilms Services." We are a website based in the United States.

By visiting the SnagFilms Site (whether or not you are a registered member) or using any of the SnagFilms Services on any of the Sites, you are accepting this Privacy Policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the SnagFilms Services.

At our site you can, among other things, view streaming videos, snag widgets, post comments, order products via third party products and services , and subscribe to and use all our services. We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as usage behavior, number of pages visited, the number and type of videos streamed, the number of widgets snagged, and additionally the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., AOL, Earthlink). The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. At certain parts of the site, (e.g. to post a comment to our blog, post a comment on the user comment section, sign up for our e-newsletter, responding surveys) only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, programs, and services or otherwise participate in the site's activities and offerings.

We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you. 

We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when we make changes to the site or to fulfill a request by you for our bi-weekly newsletter.

While using the SnagFilms Site you will have opportunities to post user reviews and comment on blog postings. If you choose to submit content for publication, we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us. Please understand that when you post such information, it is made public and is not subject to this policy. 

We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.

Anonymous data is information (originally personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable) that subsequently is used in aggregate form. We may use anonymous data for purposes of research or analysis. We may conduct research on our customer demographics, internet usage, and interests and behavior based on personal data we gather. Although anonymous data may be based in part on personal data, it does not identify you personally. SnagFilms may share this type of anonymous data with a variety of third parties, including its affiliates, advertisers and other current and prospective business partners. But because it is anonymous, these third parties will not be able to contact you based on this data. 

SnagFilms may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. SnagFilms does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad, although advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria. 

We may use anonymous data collected for website administration, advertising and promotional purposes, and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes. IP addresses are also used to provide anonymous aggregated data to advertisers about the volume of use on the SnagFilms Services, and non-personally identifiable information about your activities may be used to customize advertising messages. Anonymous usage and demographic information may also be shared with our advertisers and business partners. 

We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web Site and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements. 

In addition, we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we, or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company. Agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.

SnagFilms enables and encourages users to “snag” or take widgets with our film and related content from our site and embed these widgets on personal web pages, blogs and other sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of personal information may differ from ours. We hope that you will take our films with you by widget and enjoy and share them in this way; please read the privacy policies of the sites where you embed a widget, as SnagFilms cannot be responsible for the information handling practices of these other sites.

Finally, SnagFilms stores information about which films you view in streaming flash format. This information is currently not used but may be used in the future without notice to determine Website usage patterns.

We will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.

To enhance your experience, many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site) or save your password in password-protected areas. 

"Web beacons" or clear .gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may and other third party sites may use web beacons on this site from time to time for this and other purposes.

Some of our pages contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices. Please be aware that SnagFilms does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the SnagFilms Site.

SnagFilms sometimes may offer content that is sponsored by or cobranded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. We have no control over these third parties' use of this information. 

SnagFilms may use a reputable third party to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at its Web pages. These third party ad servers may use cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy statement. 

We have put in place industry-standard physical, technical, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.

Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. By using this Web site, or providing personal information to us through any means, you do so at your own risk and you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of this site.

Protecting the privacy of young children is important to us. Snagfilms does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our this site is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access our web site or widgets at any time or in any manner. If SnagFilms learns that personally identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected on the this site without verified parental consent, then SnagFilms will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.

If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may contact us at [feedback@snagfilms.com](mailto:feedback@snagfilms.com).

From time to time, we may update this privacy statement. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it. If you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you must leave the SnagFilms Site and discontinue any use of the SnagFilms Services. Any visit to the SnagFilms Site or use of the SnagFilms Services on any of the Sites by you after the new Privacy Policy is posted will indicate your agreement to the new Policy.

The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated on or about 07.16.07.
