> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the snapengage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190413160633id_/https%3A//snapengage.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SnapEngage

This is a website owned by SnapEngage, LLC.

SnapEngage, LLC (“SnapEngage”, “we”) owns and runs SnapEngage.com (the “Website”). A link to this privacy policy is included on the About page of the Website. SnapEngage respects the privacy of its users. This document explains how SnapEngage will use the information that you provide to us via the Website. SnapEngage may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If SnapEngage does so, the revised privacy policy will be posted on the Website.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.  By visiting this Website, you are freely accepting and consenting to the practices in this Privacy Policy.  You may withdraw your consent at any time and for any reason with effect to future data processing by contacting use at the address listed below in the Section titled “Communications”.  Without your consent, SnapEngage will use personal information, only insofar as such processing is permitted by applicable law (e.g., for the performance of an Agreement between SnapEngage and you) or where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which SnapEngage is subject.

This privacy policy governs the collection use and storage of personal information  – personal information refers to information that is related to you.

If you are viewing our Website to sign up as a customer  (“Customer”), on sign-up or account creation you will be requested to enter into an agreement with SnapEngage (“Agreement”).  That Agreement may contain additional privacy disclosures and obligations.  If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Agreement and this Privacy Policy, the Agreement prevails.

  1. **Information Collected and How it’s Used.**
    1. Email Address. You are not required to provide personally identifiable information to visit the Website or to watch publicly available information; however, in order to take advantage of certain features you need to provide your email address. Account-related activities on the Website, such as widget configuration or viewing of secured cases, requires that a registered email address is used by the Website. We use your email address to operate, maintain, and provide to you the general and personalized features and functionality of the Website. We do not use your email address to send commercial messages except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out by following the directions in the email. Except as set forth in this policy, SnapEngage reserves the right to use your email address without further consent for marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major Website changes or for customer service purposes). We also reserve the right to contact you regarding violation of this privacy policy, the Terms of Service or any other law or applicable regulation or policy.
    2. We also store encrypted 3rd party system credentials or API token so that you can either receive offline requests and chat transcripts by email or directly in your preferred Help Desk, CRM or Bug Tracker.
    3. Aggregate usage data. SnapEngage may collect data on all users, including data about their usage of the site and its various features, but it is de-identified except as described below under the IP Addresses section. We use this information to improve and enhance the Website.
    4. Cookies. We (SnapEngage, LLC) use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to analyze trends, administer the website and live chat widget, manage accounts (sessions) for logged in users, and set language preference. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference) and for sessions for logged in users. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
    5. Mixpanel. SnapEngage uses Mixpanel to help analyze how our customers use the application. The tool uses “cookies” to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Mixpanel. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. We further use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site including your account information and email address. We will use this information in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the Website. Mixpanel will not share your PII or associate your PII with any other data held by Mixpanel. You can opt out of Mixpanel tracking on this page: <http://mixpanel.com/optout/>
    6. Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. However, in cases of suspected abuse or service problems, SnapEngage may use an IP address in conjunction with other personally identifiable information to enforce our Terms of Service and/or to protect or troubleshoot the Website, its users or others who may be affected.
    7. Lastly, we may collect and use personal information that is necessary for our legitimate interests, which will be disclosed to you at the time of collection. SnapEngage will use this information for the purposes of which it was collected.
  2. **Storage and Disclosure of Your Information.**  By using the Website, you understand that your support requests and other activity are saved on our servers as a matter of operation. To the extent that your activity includes personally identifiable information, such information may be saved on our server(s) and may be disclosed to other users of the Website as determined by access permissions. We use Local Storage Objects, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. SnapEngage may disclose logs in legal proceedings in the same manner as other personally identifiable information. SnapEngage will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may share personally identifiable information with third parties in the following cases: 
    1. to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as without limitation our payment processor, marketing provider, hosting provider, support services providers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
    2. in cases of abusive behavior or suspected violations of the Terms Of Service of either the Website, we may share personal information, including IP address, with that service or third parties in order to investigate the violation and to take appropriate action;
    3. to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to prevent fraud or imminent harm, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
    4. to any current or future corporate affiliates;
    5. to third party social media sites as set forth in this policy.
    6. in the event that SnapEngage is acquired by or merged with another company, SnapEngage will transfer information about you to that other company.
    7. to fulfill other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law. 

In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you may have the right to request: access to, rectification, and erasure of your personal information; restriction of processing of personal information; objecting to certain processing of personal information; and the right to data portability. Where any processing of personal information is solely dependent upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (For example, we suggest by using the any unsubscribe link contained in an applicable marketing message, or, emailing us at the “Communications” details below). Please note that if you revoke your consent for the processing of information then we may no longer be able to provide you certain services. We may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, if we are unable to adequately verify your identity, or if our processing is not based on your consent. If you believe that we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory authority or data protection regulator. The provision of personal information by you will be for contractual, marketing, or analytical purposes as referred to in this Privacy Policy. If we do not have access to such personal information from you, then we will not be able to undertake certain Services for you. We may withhold information where the search for that information would require disproportionate effort or have a disproportionate effect to, for example, the cost of providing the information, the time it would take to retrieve the data, or how difficult it may be to obtain the information requested. To exercise your rights under these provisions, please contact us at the “Communications” details below. When we receive your requests, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.

  3. **Security.**  The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, our policy is to encrypt the transmission of that information using Transport Layer Security technology (TLS). We follow generally accepted standards designed to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Please contact us if you have any questions about security on our Web site.
  4. **Communications.**  You may have a right, in accordance with applicable laws, to access, update, correct, and in some cases requests deletion of the personal information that we hold about you. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Any access request will be subject to the relevant fee, if any, to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable laws. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations, or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or access.If you have any comments or questions you may address them to our customer service department at support@snapengage.com, by telephone at +1 (303) 647-9222 or via mail addressed to SnapEngage Customer Service, SnapEngage, LLC, at 1722 14th St., Suite 220, Boulder, CO 80302.If SnapEngage needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
  5. **Retention of Information.**  SnapEngage retains your personal information: 
    1. For so long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services, Website or to fulfill our contractual obligations;
    2. As necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements; and
    3. For so long as is necessary for the purposes for which we collected such personal information.
  6. **Notification of Changes.**  From time to time, SnapEngage may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. We will post policy changes to our Website at this location to notify you of any future changes prior to when they become in effect and will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Website periodically.
  7. **Third-Party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites.**  The Website may contain links to and media and other content such as advertisements from other companies. In addition, such third-party ads, media and content may also contain external links. Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of SnapEngage. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit. The third-party companies receive your IP address when serving such content to you and may also utilize other technologies such as cookies or web beacons. We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union click [here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. While SnapEngage does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party companies, we cannot and do not guarantee their privacy policies and practices. SnapEngage’s privacy policy does not apply to and we cannot control the activities, products or services of any third-party Website that may be reached through links from the Website. Our Web site includes social media features, such as the Facebook “like” button and widgets, such as the “share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
  8. **Public Areas.**  Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@snapengage.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. To delete personal information from a previous chat, you must go to the website which it originated from and request for your information to be deleted from that site. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you want your testimonial removed please contact us. You should be aware that anything you post on a publicly accessible blog or community forum may be seen, copied, and stored by third parties, including other users or Website visitors.
  9. **International Operations.  **SnapEngage is based, and this Website is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from a country outside of the United States of America with laws governing data collection, use, and disclosure that may differ from U.S. law and you provide personal information to SnapEngage, please note that any personal information that you provide to SnapEngage may be transferred to the United States of America. By providing your personal information, you hereby specifically and expressly consent to such transfer and processing and the collection, use, and disclosure set forth herein or in any terms and conditions related to the use of and access to the Website.
  10. **FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND SWITZERLAND ONLY.**  If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, this Section 10 will apply to you.  
SnapEngage complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries (and Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. SnapEngage has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to [view our certification page](http://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnWQAA0&status=Active), please visit <http://www.privacyshield.gov/>. 

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, SnapEngage is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to support@snapengage.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.

We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to support@snapengage.com .

In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

SnapEngage’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, SnapEngage remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless SnapEngage proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, SnapEngage commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact SnapEngage at:  
support@snapengage.com or via mail addressed to:

SnapEngage, LLC  
ATTN: Customer Service Department  
1722 14th Street, Suite 220  
Boulder, CO 80302  
USA

SnapEngage has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit [www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers](http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers) for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.

If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at <http://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction>

  11. **Acceptance.**  This privacy policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms and conditions of SnapEngage Terms of Service, available on the Website. Use of the Website and the services offered thereby is subject to your compliance with the Terms of Service, which constitutes a legal agreement between you and SnapEngage. Each time you use the Website and the services offered thereby you signify and acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms of Service, which incorporates the privacy policy and any applicable posted guidelines. Use of the Website and any services offered thereby signifies the acceptance of the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of either of these documents, do not provide SnapEngage with any information and do not use the Website or the services offered thereby. Your continued use of the Website and the services offered thereby in light of changes to this privacy policy, the Terms of Service, or to the relevant principles thereof will signify your acceptance of the changes.



Privacy Policy Updated: September 17, 2018
