> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the snapguide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150906113222id_/https%3A//snapguide.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Snapguide

Welcome to the website and online service of Brit Media, Inc. and its affiliates, which own and operate Brit & Co and Snapguide (“Brit Media,” “we,” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to our websites, including [www.brit.co](http://www.brit.co/) and [www.snapguide.com](https://snapguide.com/), and our mobile apps for iPhone, Windows or Android mobile devices (collectively, our “Services”). We provide this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of information that apply to our Service, as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information. Please take a few moments to read the sections below to make sure you understand our policies. 

**1\. How We Collect and Use Information**

Through our Service, we seek to curate and create innovative new ways for busy, but inspired people to live more simply, beautifully and creatively. Our goal is to show people how to add order to the chaos of their daily lives in a fun, easy, and elegant way. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our [Terms of Service](https://snapguide.com/about/terms). 

**Types of Personal information you provide us directly** : We ask for personal information such as your name, email address, billing and shipping address and payment information when you register for a User account with the Service, make a purchase, or if you correspond with us (in which case we will also retain our responses). We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service. 

**Personal information we may receive from third parties** : We may receive Personal information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” or adding the Brit Media application to a third party social network, linking your third party account to the Brit Media Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Brit Media. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account, an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to Brit Media’s websites or Service. 

**Use of personal information:** We may use the personal information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you. We may also send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers that we believe may interest you. If you do not want to receive such email messages, we will give you the option to opt out or change your preferences. We also use your personal information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. 

**Inviting a friend to use our Service.** If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a friend to the Service, we will ask you for that person’s email address and automatically send an email invitation to the invitee. When we invite your friends to join the Service, we will include your name and photo to let them know that you are the person extending the invitation. After sending these invitations, we may also send reminder emails to your invitees on your behalf. We store this information to send this email, to register the invitee if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our invitation service. Unless the invitee becomes a registered User of the Service, we do not use the invitee’s email address for marketing purposes, and we do not share the invitee’s email address with third parties other than Brit Media’s service providers or in the event of a corporate transaction or proceeding as described below in **Sharing of Your Information** . The invitee may contact us at any time to request that we remove his or her information from our database at [support@brit.co](mailto:support@brit.co). 

**Information collected automatically through cookies and other technology.** We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service. When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time. We may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our users. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time. 

When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. 

We use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f) track User Content and Users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act; (g) automatically update the Brit Media application on your mobile devices, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service. 

**2\. Sharing of Your Information**

We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on our choices, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below. Remember, our Service allows you to connect and interact with others. 

**Who we may share your Personal information with:** We may share your personal information with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you (e.g., email providers, server or fulfillment providers, payment processors, etc.). Those business partners will be given limited access to the Personal information that is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. We may also share your information with other brands owned or controlled by Brit Media, including Snapguide, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us). These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy. We may also share your personal information with third party partners who provide a co-branded product, service, or promotion, or with other parties whose products and services we think you may enjoy. 

**Who you may choose to share your Personal information with:** Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information. 

**What happens to your Personal information in the event of a change of control:** We may buy or sell/divest the Brit Media, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content, and other User information (including Non-Personal information) related to the Service will likely be among the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings. 

**Instances where we are required to share your Personal information:** Brit Media will disclose Personal information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our [Terms of Service](https://snapguide.com/about/terms), or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Brit Media, our Users or others. We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties. 

**3\. How We Store and Protect Your Information**

**Storage and Processing:** Personal information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Brit Media or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Brit Media may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Brit Media or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you, including Personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**Keeping your information safe:** Brit Media cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. However, Brit Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Brit Media or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Brit Media’s distributors, such as social networks. Brit Media is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Brit Media will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. 

**4\. Your Choices About Your Information**

**Opting out of collection of Personal information:** You may, of course, decline to submit any Personal information through the Service, in which case Brit Media may not be able to provide certain services to you. 

**Modifying Your Account Information and Settings:** You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and adjusting your settings. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). 

**Online Advertising:** We may permit third-party online advertising networks or ad servers to collect information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or apps. Typically, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)). If you access our service on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings. 

**User-Generated Content:** Following termination or deactivation of your User account, Brit Media may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. Furthermore, Brit Media may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information (including User Content) contained in your communications to other Users or posted to public or semi-public areas of the Service after termination or deactivation of your User account. 

**Deleting or Anonymizing Your Content:** If you are under 18 years of age, you may request that the User Content that you posted to the Service be deleted or anonymized such that your personal information will not be identifiable publicly on our Service by contacting us at [support@brit.co](mailto:support@brit.co). While we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to delete or anonymize your User Content upon request, please be aware that due to the social nature of our Service, you may not be able to completely remove all of your personally identifiable User Content if, for example, that content has been stored, republished, or reposted by another user or a third party. We may also maintain your information in identifiable form for our internal use, even if your personal data is no longer visible to the public on our Service. 

**5\. Children’s Privacy**   
Brit Media does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [support@brit.co](mailto:support@brit.co).

**6\. Other Web Sites and Services**   
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not exercise control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third party website or service (like Facebook or Twitter) and you allow such a third party access to your User Content, you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) and from other sources other than through the Service.

**7\. How to Contact Us**   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at:  
Brit Media, Inc.  
556 Sutter Street  
San Francisco, CA 94102  
[support@brit.co](mailto:support@brit.co)

**8\. Changes to Our Privacy Policy**   
Brit Media may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page. 

This privacy policy was last modified on August 1 2015. 
