> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the snapgrades.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122211456id_/http%3A//jupitered.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jupiter Ed Privacy Policy

**Student & Parent Personal Information:** Jupiter Ed stores Student and Parent information, including names, email addresses, ID numbers, and grades. Instructors and School staff may enable their own student data to be sent to third-party software, like a gradebook or courseware application. Aside from that, Jupiter Ed does not and shall not share any personal information with third parties. The Instructor or School may optionally require Students and Parents to enter personal information on the Website, including email addresses and phone numbers. If the Student is under 13, the Instructor or School must get the Parent's consent as required by the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Alternatively, the Instructor or School may enter the Student's personal information from school records. Under the Terms of Service, the Instructor or School may use this information only for educational purposes. The Instructor also enters the Student's grades and personal comments. This information is available only to the Instructor and other staff at the same school district, depending on the permission settings set by the School or Instructor. Students and Parents may also see their own information, but not of other Students. Personal information may be seen by Jupiter Ed support staff when you ask for technical support. The Website uses password protection, security codes, and encryption to prevent anyone else from accessing personal information. To ensure privacy, Students and Parents must keep their passwords confidential and logout when done.

**Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA):** U.S. Federal law requires certain student information to be kept private. Jupiter Ed meets all requirements of FERPA under the "school official" exception, because your data is in your direct control, and used only for legitimate educational interests and functions that the School's own employees normally perform. FERPA does not require parental consent for such use. Jupiter Ed does not and shall not share any personally identifiable student data with any third party, or use it for non-educational purposes (spam, targeted ads), except when a School or Instructor initiates or enables their own student data (directory information) to be sent to third party software, such as a curriculum web application. Jupiter Ed has several [security features](http://login.jupitered.com/help/security.html) to protect the privacy of student data.

**Staff Personal Information:** Instructors, School staff, and Content Providers are required to give some personal information on the Website, including name, email address, school name and location, and optionally phone number. Some of this information is made available to Students and Parents when they login, but Staff may optionally hide their email address and phone number. Other Staff at the same school or company may see personal information, but they never see passwords. (If you do not want other staff to see your data, create your own fake school.) Staff information may be seen by Jupiter Ed support staff when you ask for technical support. The Website uses password protection and encryption to prevent anyone else from accessing Staff accounts. Staff users must keep their passwords confidential and logout when done using the Website to ensure their privacy and the privacy of their Students and Parents.

**Financial Information:** If you pay online, your credit card number is sent to Braintree as a third party to process online payments, in accordance with their Privacy Policy posted at [BraintreePayments.com](https://www.braintreepayments.com/privacy). Jupiter Ed is fully PCI compliant. We do not store your credit card number, and we do not initiate any automatic or recurring payments.

**Curriculum:** Any original content you enter in the Website remains your intellectual property with full rights. Curriculum is kept private, with strict security measures to block hackers. Your students see your curriculum only if you put it online for them. Other people cannot see your curriculum unless you explicitly share it with other Instructors or publish it to the EdStore. Standard copyright laws apply to any curriculum published in the EdStore. The author of any published curriculum may write a copyright notice to give permission or restrict Instructors from modifying or redistributing their content.

**Student Work:** Student grades and responses are kept private. The only way another Instructor could see your students' responses on tests and assignments is if you share the same curriculum and have the same students. Admins at your school may see your students' scores if you set an option to share your data, or your admin may set this at the school level if you are using a shared test.

**Unsolicited Email (Spam):** Jupiter Ed sends email to Instructors and School staff for security alerts and confirmations. All other notices and promotions are usually communicated through the Website when you login, but they may be sent in email on occasion. Jupiter Ed does not contact Students and Parents except if needed to service an account.

**Third Parties:** Jupiter Ed does not share any information with third parties except as described above or as required by law, or to enforce the Terms of Service, to protect the rights of others, or to protect the legal rights of Jupiter Ed.

**Cookies & Log Files:** Like most websites, Jupiter Ed uses Cookies and Log Files for security purposes and to analyze usage. In addition to the information you provide voluntarily, all websites can identify your computer's operating system, browser, IP address, internet service provider (ISP), city location, and the webpage that linked you to this Website. If you reject or disable cookies, some features of the Website may not function.

**Amendments:** This Privacy Policy may be amended occasionally with or without notice. Any revisions are effective immediately once posted on JupiterEd.com. Your continued use of the Website shall indicate your acceptance of the revision. In the event Jupiter Ed is acquired, merged, or sold in part to another company, your personal information would likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified in advance of any such change.

**Contact:** If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, or to report a violation of the Terms of Service, please contact: [info@JupiterEd.com](mailto:info@jupitered.com).
