> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the michaelbaisden.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619103019id_/http%3A//abcradio.go.com/story%3Fid%3D212) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Policy Rights

**Effective Date: January 1, 2006  
ABC Radio Network, Inc. Privacy Policy**

For over 75 years, The Walt Disney Company has taken great pride in the relationships that it has developed with its guests. In keeping with this tradition, ABC Radio Network, Inc. is dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information we obtain from you with care and respect. This Privacy Policy is designed to answer your questions regarding our privacy policies and principles. 

**Kids' Privacy Policy:**

We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.

**Q. 1** What information does this Privacy Policy cover? 

A. 1 Except as otherwise specifically described below in A2, A8 (which applies to information gathered about you offline), and A9 (which applies to information collected by any method), this Privacy Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on the web site(s) where this Privacy Policy is posted and does not apply to any other information collected through any other means. This Privacy Policy applies to our use and sharing of personally identifiable information collected on and after the date that this Privacy Policy is posted. 

As used in this Privacy Policy, "The Walt Disney Family of Companies" includes The Walt Disney Company and all of its subsidiary entities, including companies such as ABC and ESPN that generally do not offer their products and services under the "Disney" brand name, as well as companies that generally do offer their products and services under the "Disney" brand name. (At times, our web site(s) may refer to The Walt Disney Family of Companies as "The Walt Disney family of companies.") ABC Radio Network, Inc. is a member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and is referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we," "us," "our," and "ourselves."

In keeping with the traditions of The Walt Disney Company, we refer to our customers as "guests." When this Privacy Policy uses the term "personally identifiable information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual's name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number. When other information, such as, for example, consumer product preferences, or number of children, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as "personal information." Finally, the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws. 

**Q. 2 What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests?**

A. 2 We collect several types of personally identifiable information about our guests.

**Information You Provide to Us**  
Much of the personally identifiable information we receive comes directly from guests who are interested in obtaining various products and services from us. Typically, this information may include the guest's name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We also may collect other types of information such as gender, age, number of children, and personal interests, which we may associate with personally identifiable information. If you purchase products or services from us, we'll note, for example, credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase. We collect personal information when you register on, log on, or visit our web site(s), including when you participate in activities on our web site(s), such as sweepstakes, contests, games and promotional offers. 

**Information Collected Through Technology**  
We may collect information through technology to make our web site(s) more interesting and useful to you. For instance, when you come to one of our web sites, we may collect your IP address. An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our web site(s). We may combine this information with personally identifiable information.

Our web site(s) also may use cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the web site. Cookies are used for a variety of purposes. For instance, when you return to our web site(s) after logging in, cookies may provide information to the web site(s) so that the site(s) will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features that make your web experience smoother, like the features mentioned above, and some of our services may not function properly.

Our web site(s) may use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites. We also may use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our web site(s), such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our web site(s). These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also may use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests to determine whether our guests have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.

Advertisements may be managed and placed on our web site(s) by third parties. These companies are called "network advertisers." Network advertisers who place advertisements on our web site(s) also may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements. You may not realize this information is being collected. In some cases, we may have access to information from web beacons and cookies used by network advertisers on our web site(s) and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the network advertiser. Finally, once you've clicked on an advertisement and have left our web site(s), our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their site.   
**  
Information That We Collect from Others**  
We may supplement personally identifiable information that we have collected directly from our guests with other information that we obtain from third parties and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. In addition, we may obtain information about individuals who are not yet users of our web site(s) or guests of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. In addition, when we associate information that we obtain from third parties or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies with personally identifiable information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third parties. 

**Q. 3 How is your personally identifiable information used and shared?**

A. 3 As described in detail below, we may use your personally identifiable information in many ways, including sending you promotional materials, and sharing your information with other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies and third parties so that these other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies and third parties can send you promotional materials. (By "promotional materials," we mean communications that directly promote the use of a web site, or the purchase of products or services.) These promotional materials may concern our products and services, and/or the products and services of another member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or a third party. As outlined below in A4, you may be entitled to "opt-out" of certain uses of your personal information. 

**ABC Radio Network, Inc.; Disney Family of Companies; Licensees and Co-Branding Participants**  
Personally identifiable information collected under this Privacy Policy may be used by us and shared with other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies for many purposes. (We call this type of sharing "promotional sharing" or sharing for "promotional purposes.") For example, we and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may use your personal information to send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) either offered by us, The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties. In some circumstances, these promotional materials may be sent to you by postal mail, e-mail or other means. Your ability to opt out of receiving these communications is described in A4 below. When we share your personal information with another member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies under any circumstance described in this “ABC Radio Network, Inc.; Disney Family of Companies; Licensees and Co-Branding Participants” section, your personal information will become permanently subject to the information use and sharing practices of that other member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and that other member will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information.

When you purchase or request products or services, promotional materials may accompany delivery of that product or service. We refer to sending you promotional materials in these circumstances as "Fulfillment Uses" of your personal information. Because these promotional materials accompany products or services that you have requested, your opt-outs for us and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies under A4 below will not apply to any of these Fulfillment Uses.

We and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies also may use your personal information for many purposes other than sending you promotional materials. (We refer to all of these types of uses of your personal information that do not involve the sending of promotional materials as "Operational Uses.") For example, we may use your information to complete transactions requested by you (such as your purchase of a product or service offered on our web site(s)), or to send you administrative communications about features of our web site(s), including any future changes to this Privacy Policy. Because these uses of your personal information do not involve sending you promotional materials, your opt-outs for us and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies under A4 below will not apply to any of these Operational Uses.

In addition to sharing your personal information with other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, we may share your personal information with companies that offer products and/or services under brand names of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. These companies are called "licensees." For example, a company that publishes and sells books under the "Disney" brand would be such a licensee. We also may share your information with companies that offer products and/or services that are co-branded using brand names of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. These companies are called "co-branding participants." For example, the Disney's Visa Card is co-branded with the bank that issues that credit card. When we share personal information with third parties acting as licensees and co-branding participants, these licensees and co-branding participants are restricted by contract from using the personal information for any marketing or promotional purpose that is not related to a licensed or co-branded product or service. Finally, to further protect your privacy, our sharing of your personal information with these licensees and co-branding participants is subject to the same opt-out rights (and limitations upon those rights) that apply to our sharing of personal information with other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.

Finally, we and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon our right or the right of other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and we and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way. 

**Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services**

Subject to your opt-out choices described in A4 below, we may share your personal information with selected third parties for promotional purposes. When sharing your information for promotional purposes, we attempt to select only reputable companies that offer high quality products and services. When we share your personal information with a third party under any circumstance described in this "Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services" section, your personal information will become permanently subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information.

In addition to the promotional sharing that is subject to your opt-out choices under A4 below, we may share your information when you engage in certain activities on our web site(s) that are sponsored by third parties, such as purchasing products or services offered by a third party, electing to receive information or communications from a third party, or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, games or other programs sponsored in whole or in part by a third party. We also may share your personal information when you respond to promotional materials and authorize a third party to use your personal information for purposes such as, for example, sending you additional promotional materials, providing you a product or service, or entering you in a contest, sweepstakes or game. (We refer to all of these activities and requests as "Sponsored Activities.") When you participate in Sponsored Activities, you will be requested to agree that the sponsor or business associate may use your personal information in accordance with the sponsor or business associate's privacy practices. Since you will have consented to this specific instance of sharing of your personal information, the opt-out choice for "Third Parties" described in A4 below will not apply.

**Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions with You**

Sometimes we and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies hire companies to help deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill prizes for a sweepstakes. In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these companies. Sometimes we and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies also work with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you. Your opt-out choices under A4 below will not apply to sharing by us or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies of your personal information with any of these companies. Nonetheless, except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or as required by law. 

**Sale of Business**  
From time to time, we may sell part or all of our business, and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the sale. In the event that we sell a business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy (including any amendments to this Privacy Policy). In light of this protection, your opt-out choices under A4 will not affect our right to transfer your information to a purchaser in these circumstances.

**Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Site(s), The Walt Disney Family of Companies and Others**

Regardless of any opt-out choices that you make under A4, we and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our web site(s), us, other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to us, other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties.

**Q. 4 What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your personally identifiable information?**

A. 4 With regard to personal information that you have provided under this Privacy Policy, up to three separate opt-out choices may be provided to you. These opt-out choices are the means by which you give us, or decline to give us, your consent to use your personal information for the purposes covered by these opt-out choices. If any one of these opt-out choices is not presented to you on a web site, personal information collected from you on that site will not be used for the purposes covered by that opt-out choice. There are several methods by which you may be able to exercise your opt-out choices: (a) at the time you provide your personal information on our web site(s); (b) after the time you provide your personal information, by logging on one of our web sites and following any opt-out directions that appear on that web site; and (c) as described below in A6. Each of these opt-out choices is subject to the exceptions described further below in this A4. 

**The three opt-out choices we may provide you are:**

 _Third Parties_

: You may choose to opt-out of receiving promotional materials from third parties. If you do not choose this opt-out, we may share your personal information so that third parties can send you these promotional materials. Please bear in mind that this opt-out choice for "Third Parties" will not apply to the licensees and co-branding participants described above in A3.

 _The Walt Disney Family of Companies_

: You may choose to opt-out of receiving promotional materials from other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, including the licensees and co-branding participants described above in A3. 

_ABC Radio Network, Inc._

: You may choose to opt-out of receiving promotional materials concerning the products and services of ABC Radio Network, Inc.

Please keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply in situations where (a) you either have made, simultaneously make, or later make a specific request for information from us, (b) we or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies use your personal information for either "Operational Uses" or "Fulfillment Uses" (as described above in A3), (c) you either have engaged, simultaneously engage, or later engage in Sponsored Activities (as described above in A3), or (d) we and/or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies share your personal information under the provisions of A3 above with respect to "Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions With You," "Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services," "Sale of Business," or "Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Sites, The Walt Disney Family of Companies and Others."

Finally, if you do not exercise your opt-out choices at the time you provide your personal information, it may take up to forty-five (45) days for us to stop sharing your personal information for promotional purposes. Also, it may take up to ninety (90) days for us and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to stop using your personal information for promotional purposes. Our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using personal information shared before your opt-out may already be in process. In addition, because your contact information may change from time to time (such as when you change your home address or e-mail address), it is important that the contact information that you provide us during registration remains current. Keeping your contact information current facilitates our ability to reflect any new opt-out choices that you may make from time to time. However, please keep in mind that, because we may receive information from various sources, it may not always be possible to match your new opt-out choices with all of the personal information that you previously have provided to us.

**Q. 5 What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information?**

A. 5 The security and confidentiality of your information is very important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. 

**Q. 6 How can you update your contact information and opt out choices?**

A. 6 You may be able to access and update the contact information you gave us on any web site covered by this Privacy Policy (that is, your postal address, e-mail address, or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), or modify your opt-out choices, by going to the applicable web site and following its instructions. We also may provide you an opportunity to update your contact information and/or modify your opt-out choices by sending you an e-mail or other communication that invites your response. Finally, you may unsubscribe from certain e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe links in those e-mails. 

**Q. 7 How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy?**

A. 9 As of January 1, 2005, **California Civil Code Section 1798.83** permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [**caprivacy.abcrn.newmedia@abcrn.com**](mailto:%20caprivacy.abcrn.newmedia@abcrn.com) or write us at:

ABC Radio Network, Inc.  
Attention: California Privacy Compliance  
125 West End Avenue  
New York, New York 10023  

