> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the michiganfirst.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100514172811id_/http%3A//www.michiganfirst.com/Tools_and_Resources/Security_Center/Privacy_Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Michigan First Credit Union is owned by its members, and run by a Board of Directors elected by its members. The privacy and confidentiality of your personal information is a top priority. We are required by law to provide you with this notice to inform and explain how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal financial information. If you have any questions about this disclosure, [please contact us](https://web.archive.org/Michigan_First_Life/About_Us/Contact_Us/ "please contact us"). 

#### Information We Collect About You 

From membership and other product/service applications, we obtain information such as, but not limited to, your name, address, social security number, employer, income, and account information at other financial institutions. From transactions with us and with other companies we work with to provide you with products and services, we obtain information such as account balances, payment histories, parties to transactions, and credit card usage. From consumer reporting agencies, we obtain information related to your creditworthiness. 

#### Information We Share About You 

We disclose information we collect about you under certain circumstances and as permitted or required by law. The disclosure of this information typically includes processing transactions on your behalf, as you authorize, to provide you with a product or service; to conduct the operations of this credit union; and to protect the security of our financial records. We sometimes disclose the information we collect about you with other organizations to provide you with certain products and services. In some cases, we enter into agreements with third parties to provide these products and services to you on our behalf or to jointly market products and services. To protect your privacy, we only do business with companies that agree in writing to maintain strong confidentiality protections. We restrict these companies to using your information only for the reason we have given to them, and for no other purpose. If you terminate your membership, we will not share any information we have collected about you, except as permitted or authorized by law. 

#### How We Protect Your Information

Under no circumstances do we provide any information we collect about you to telemarketers or other third parties that do not act on your behalf as a member of this credit union. We maintain the confidentiality of the personal financial information we obtain from all users of our ATMs. We restrict access to your personal, nonpublic information to only those employees and Official Family who have a specific business purpose for accessing and utilizing this information. Our employees and Official Family are trained in the importance of maintaining confidentiality and member privacy. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards as part of a comprehensive risk management system that complies with federal regulations to protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security of your information and to protect against unauthorized access and use of that information. If you discover inaccurate records related to any of your transactions with the credit union, or believe an unauthorized person has accessed your account or obtained access information, such as PIN or password, contact us immediately so that we may take appropriate action. 

#### Privacy and Our Web Site 

Visitors to Michigan First's websites will remain anonymous prior to logging in or entering information on any forms. We do not collect personal identifying information about visitors to our websites prior to login or form completion. Our servers collect standard non-identifying information about visits to our websites, such as date and time visited, IP address, city, state, and country. This information is used to compile standard statistics on website usage. 

If you have provided identifying information via e-mail or form (e.g., name and address), the information will only be used to communicate with you to handle your request. It will not be sold or transferred to any other parties. We are committed to the security of personal information and make every effort to ensure that whenever possible, all external links follow privacy policies similar to ours. However, if you select an external link from any of our web pages, you are leaving our site pages and we cannot be held responsible for any information that may be gathered externally. Michigan First is not responsible for the content or availability of sites linked to our home page. We take reasonable precautions to assure that any site you link to from our web site respects your right to privacy; however, we cannot guarantee it. Please check sites for certification before submitting confidential information. 

Once you have logged in or begin entering information on a form, we will start collecting information from what you provide to us. Basically, we will gather information as needed to provide the service requested by you. We may also use the information for internal statistical purposes. We will not disclose the information gathered to third parties except as necessary to provide the service requested by you or as required by law.
