> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 4321.co.il privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521235117id_/http%3A//www.4321.co.il/privacy-policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy 4321.co.il

Privacy Policy [4321.co.il](http://www.4321.co.il/)     

**Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:**

1 Commitment To Privacy   
2 The Information We Collect   
3 How We Use Information   
4 Our Commitment To Data Security   
5 How To Access Or Correct Your Information   
6 How To Contact Us

**1 Commitment To Privacy:**   
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. 

**2 The Information We Collect:**   
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the 4321.co.il website. On some pages, you can post classified ads to message boards & message systems, make requests, and register to receive help, advice & outside vendor information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:   
Name   
Email address   
[For the wedding sections of this site] Wedding date & wedding location.  
Comments  
Questions

On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you wish to send a classified ad to a friend you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:   
Name   
Email address 

On "contact us" pages we use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. 

**3 The Way We Use Information:**

**Cookies**  
4321.co.il uses cookies to store non-personal information, such as users preferences and login features to some parts such as forums and message systems. This information or cookie is not shared with any other domains or used in any other way.   
Third party vendor Google uses cookies to serve ads on 4321.co.il.   
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to 4321.co.il users based on their visit to 4321.co.il and/or other sites on the Internet.   
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)Google ad and content network privacy policy. 

**Classified ads message boards, forums & message systems:**   
4321.co.il uses it's own internal message system to transmit messages between users & advertisers on it's classified ads message boards. This system restricts the email address and any personal information being transmitted. For example, if you send a reply to an advertiser the advertiser will not normally see your email or any personal information, just the message you have sent.  
As you have initiated the "conversation" & have [](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521235117id_/http%3A//www.4321.co.il/TermsAndConditions.html)provided consent to provide those details to the advertiser in some circumstances the advertiser will be able to access your email address. "Other advertisers" on 4321.co.il offering similar services/products to the advertiser you have contacted will also be able to contact you only via our message system but no personal identifiable information will be shown to them [such as name or email address]. If one of the "Other advertisers" contacts you via our message system and then reply back or contact the "Other advertiser" we will consider you have [provided consent](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521235117id_/http%3A//www.4321.co.il/TermsAndConditions.html) to provide your email address to that "Other advertiser" in some circumstances. You can control access to you and your information "opt-out" via the message system by blocking sending of notifications of new messages or deleting your details from the system after the login.  
Advertisers on "classified ads message boards" can modify / delete any information they have placed on 4321.co.il by deleting their ads after login.   
Contents of 4321.co.il "message systems" are in some circumstances shared to other domains but only to domains owned and operated by 4321.co.il.   
Contents of 4321.co.il "classified ads message boards" and "forums" are in some circumstances shared [syndicated] to other domains but not any personal identifiable information.   
Messages on "forums" including articles & comments can be removed by request by using a "contact us" page. 

**Making requests, registering to receive help & advice.**   
When making requests for help & advice [wedding section] the information you provide is entered in to a 4321.co.il "message system" [see above]. This system restricts the email address and any personal information being transmitted. Your request is forwarded to "vendors & experts" matching your request. These vendors have no access to your personal contact information but can can contact you via the 4321.co.il message system. If you are contacted by a "vendor or expert" via the 4321.co.il message system and then reply back or contact that "vendor or expert" we will consider you have [provided consent](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521235117id_/http%3A//www.4321.co.il/TermsAndConditions.html) to provide your email address to that "vendor or expert" in some circumstances. You can control access to you and your information by "opting-out" via the message system by blocking sending of notifications of new messages or deleting your details from the system after login.   
Contents of 4321.co.il "message systems" are in some circumstances shared to other domains but ONLY to domains owned and operated by 4321.co.il. 

**4321.co.il never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.**

**4 Our Commitment To Data Security:**   
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. 

**5 How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:**   
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect on the "login" sections using modify or delete by using the "change this ad" feature or "delete this ad" on classified ads & message boards. Information collected on the wedding sections & messages left on the message systems can requested for removal using the "contact us" page and "login" pages where applicable. We use these procedure to safeguard your personal information.   
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.   
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

**6 How To Contact Us**   
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies: 

4321.co.il   
Cross House,   
Roman Road,   
Hereford,   
HR1 1LA,   
UK.  
Tel: (UK) 020 8144 6409   
OVERSEAS: +44 20 8144 6409   
To email us use the [contact us](http://www.4321.co.il/vbl/contactus.asp) page. 
