> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rokenbokeducation.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-08-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170815034534id_/https%3A//rokenbokeducation.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Rokenbok Education

Internet Privacy Statement

Welcome to the Rokenbok Website! Rokenbok has developed this site to be an enjoyable and fun experience for both children and adults. We formulated this Privacy Statement based on protecting children and to directly address the concerns that parents may have with respect to their child's online privacy and safety when using this site. Please review this Statement and discuss it with your children so that they will better understand this site and how to use it.

It is Rokenbok's policy not to request or solicit personal information, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, or phone numbers, from children using this site. Rokenbok does maintain a discussion Forum, but Forum members are required to be thirteen years of age or older.  Rokenbok does not share information gathered from visitors to the site with any third parties. Any information collected through the site is kept by Rokenbok, and will not to be released, sold, or in any way transferred outside the company. In addition, Rokenbok strongly believes in privacy and safety on the internet and does not disclose the identity of children or adults using the site, without prior approval or consent. Rokenbok does make limited and specific use of "cookies" (pieces of information that a site transfers to a visitor's computer for limited record- keeping purposes) to facilitate your ease of use of certain web site features. In addition, some limited, non-personal information is recorded by Rokenbok servers when you visit the site. This limited information includes the type of browser you are using (such as Apple Safari or Microsoft Internet Explorer) and the type of operating system your computer is using (such as Windows XP). Rokenbok internet servers also keep track of the number of visitors to the site, the pages visited, and how long they stayed. Neither the cookies used nor the information collected includes any personal information about you. Indeed, Rokenbok will not know your e-mail address or any other personal identifiable information unless you voluntarily submit or e-mail this type of information to Rokenbok.

Rokenbok strives to provide a safe and fun online experience for children. We would also like to remind your children, however, that each time one of our toys is mentioned or pictured that it is an advertisement for that product. In addition, Rokenbok encourages parents to actively supervise and participate in your children's online activities and to consider installing parental control software available from software manufactures to assist in this supervision and participation.

If you have any questions about this site, please contact us at [contact@rokenbokeducation.org.](mailto:contact@rokenbokeducation.org)
