> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neurogadget.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190511083225id_/https%3A//neurogadget.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Neurogadget Privacy Policy - Neurogadget

You should acknowledge that Neurogadget may collect ‘user information’ of our visitors / users for providing improved and customized services. However, the collection, processing and use of personal information shall be governed by this Privacy Policy.

Neurogadget shall have the right to collect both Personally Identifiable as well as non-identifiable user information. When visitors access neurogadget.com, we shall collect and store user information like domain names, IP address, type of web browser, operating system, date and time of access, search patterns and browsing behavior. These system related general information is known as non-identifiable user information, which shall be shared with our affiliates, channel partners, collaborating merchants and advertising companies in an aggregate and anonymous form.

Both identifiable as well as non-identifiable information may be collected with the help of log files, web beacons and cookies in collaboration with advertisers and third-party service providers. The log files provide useful information like IP address, web browser being used, the date and time, platform type, referring or exit pages and viewed advertisements. Web beacons or Image requests provide a very useful role in analyzing the visitor’s online activities by recording navigated websites, completed transactions, submitted applications and other browsing behavior. Such browsing information is also stored in the cookies. Cookies are widely used for analyzing the browsing behavior of the Internet users. In fact, cookies are very useful in providing customized services to the users and ensuring that the users are correctly redirected to the clicked pages. You should acknowledge that we may use cookies for calculating the frequency of your revisit, estimating the reach of our advertisers, and/or analyzing how we can improve the browsing experience of our users. You should acknowledge that log files, web beacons and cookies help us to gather non-identifiable user information. They provide anonymous data for improving our services.

We don’t endorse a policy of using automated tools for collecting personally identifiable information. However, when you register / subscribe with us or submit user-generated content on our website, we shall have a right to collect, store and use Personally Identifiable Information like name, email address, age, gender, location, user activities and other demographic information. Personally Identifiable Information is mainly collected through registration / subscriptions for membership, newsletters and promotional contests. You should acknowledge and consent that Neurogadget shall be entitled to collect, store and use your personal information when:

  * You submit personal / business information like name, email address, age, location and other required information for accessing this website or using certain features / services being offered on our website.
  * You submit required information on our online forms for providing feedback and reviews about products and services, making an inquiry related to any services, or resolving any issues related to your access to this website or use of our services.
  * You submit your personal details for subscribing to our newsletter
  * You submit your profile data for participating in our contests or claiming special offers being launched by collaborating partners and third party advertisers
  * You submit your personal details for joining as an affiliate or participate as a business collaborator



The use of your personal information shall be limited to marketing or advertising campaigns that are intended to offer improved or customized services. We shall never promote our business by selling, leasing, renting or sharing your personal information with the third party advertisers. However, nothing shall prevent us from disclosing your personal information which is necessary for protecting property or safety of Neurogadget, safeguarding the rights of other users, enforcing the regulations of law enforcement agencies and courts orders, or appropriately responding to development that requires prompt disclosure of personally identifiable information.

We shall not be responsible for gathering, storage and use of your personal details by third party service providers, or websites being featured or linked to our website. You should understand that collection, processing, storage, use or sharing of your personal information by third party websites or service providers are governed by their own policies. You should carefully read their terms of service before accessing or using their services.

**NAI/IAB**

We are compliant with the policies of several industry groups that focus on effective communication, best practices, and policy review in the field of Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA). These organizations include the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) ([NAI](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/)), the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the [Interactive Advertising Bureau](http://www.iab.net/) (IAB). We are compliant with both the NAI and DAA self-regulatory codes. We believe that delivering targeted and relevant advertising enhances your internet experience.  [Opt-Out](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
