> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neutrogena.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120621235854id_/http%3A//www.neutrogena.com/category/customer%2Bservice/privacy%2Bpolicy.do) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Neutrogena - Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

Welcome to the Neutrogena website (www.neutrogena.com or the "Website"). The Website is owned by Neutrogena Corporation. This written policy (the "Privacy Policy") is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via this Website and certain related services. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using, or submitting information, to this Website

**1\. Policy**  
The policy of Neutrogena is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. To fulfill this policy, Neutrogena agrees to exercise the precautions set forth in this written policy (the "Privacy Policy") to maintain the confidentiality of information provided by you in connection with accessing and using the Neutrogena website (www.neutrogena.com or "the Site"). This Privacy Policy sets forth Neutrogena's current policies and practices with respect to nonpublic personal information of the users of the Site. By using this Site, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this Site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**2\. Collection of Information**  
Neutrogena only collects personal information about individuals when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals ("Registered Users"). For example, when you register with the Site, you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, date of birth, gender, phone number and billing/credit card information. Registering with Neutrogena may allow you to participate in various activities on the Site such as ordering products, taking advantage of promotions, entering contests or sweepstakes, responding to surveys, uploading videos, posting messages or subscribing to e-newsletters or other mailing lists. Neutrogena uses the Site to provide Neutrogena's services. 

**3\. Disclosure of Information**  
From time to time, we make our Registered Users personal information (see paragraph 2 Collection of Information) available to reputable companies whose products or services we feel may interest you. Many of our Registered Users find this a valuable and time-saving service. We may disclose your personally identifiable information to other Johnson & Johnson affiliates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, located in the United States and/or any other country, but only:

1\. to contractors we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment services, customer service, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy;  
2\. in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; or  
3\. where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations. In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in personally identifiable form. 

If you want us to exclude your name from these mailings, please follow the "opt out" procedures set forth below. Because we provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners, and other third parties, we and our service partners use your personal information to deliver their services. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products purchased on this Site; release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered; and provide order information to third parties that help us provide customer service. Finally, Neutrogena may disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of Neutrogena or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (3) to any third party who may acquire Neutrogena; and (4) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person. 

**4\. Information-Sharing Disclosure Request**  
You may request a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure which will identify the third parties with whom Neutrogena has shared the information we have collected from you. You may request the Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure by writing us at Neutrogena , c/o Archway Corporation, 1001 South Trooper Road, Norristown, PA 19403. You may also send us your Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure request via e-mail at support@shop.neutrogena.com or by telephone at toll-free 1-888-984-2464. We will respond to your request for a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure within thirty (30) days of receipt. 

**5\. How You Can Review or Correct Your Personal Information**  
You can contact Neutrogena by telephone at 1-888-984-2464 or by e-mail to support@shop.neutrogena.com to learn if we are keeping personal information about you. If Neutrogena does have personal information about you, we will provide you with a readable copy of such personal information at no charge. You can also Unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in any email marketing communication found at the bottom of each email. Factual errors in your personal information, including information that is out of date, can be corrected by sending us a request that sufficiently details how your personal information should be corrected. We encourage you to promptly update your personal information with us if it changes. 

**6\. Opt-Out Procedures**  
You may always opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. To remove any personal information from our database or to not receive future e-mail communications from Neutrogena, send an e-mail to support@shop.neutrogena.com with the word "remove" in the subject line. Further, if you do not want your personal information shared with third parties in the manner discussed in Section 3, "Disclosure of Information," please notify Neutrogena by telephone at 1-888-984-2464, by e-mail to support@shop.neutrogena.com or at the following address: Neutrogena, c/o Archway Corporation, 1001 South Trooper Road, Norristown, PA 19403 

**7\. Security of Information**  
You can be assured that personal information collected through the Site is secure and is maintained in a manner consistent with current industry standards. The importance of security for all personal information associated with our subscribers is of utmost concern to us. Your personal information is protected in several ways. Your personal information resides on a secure server that only selected Neutrogena and contractors have access to via password. We encrypt your personal information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. 

**8\. Passive Information Collection**  
As you navigate through a Web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies, Internet tags, and navigational data collection.

This site may use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer). We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, and administer and improve services to our consumers. 

A "cookie" is a bit of information that a Web site sends to your Web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences. 

"Session" cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your Web browser window or otherwise turn your computer off. Session cookies are used to improve navigation on Web sites and to collect aggregate statistical information. This site uses session cookies. 

"Persistent" cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (e.g., username), helping to determine what areas of the Web site visitors find most valuable, and customizing the Web site based on your preferences. This site uses persistent cookies. 

"Internet tags" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell the Web site server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor's computer. This site uses Internet tags. 

"Navigational data" ("log files," "server logs," and "clickstream" data) and "Internet Tags" are used for system management, to improve the content of the site, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors. This site uses navigational data. 

**9\. Links**  
This Site may contain links to the websites of third parties not affiliated with Neutrogena. Neutrogena is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any of these other websites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or "partnership" with Neutrogena. Neutrogena does not disclose unique identifiers to those responsible for the linked sites. The linked sites, however, may collect personal information from you when you link to their site. This collecting of information is not subject to the control of Neutrogena. To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policies of the sites you visit by linking from this Site. 

**10\. Safe Harbor Privacy Policy**  
Neutrogena Corporation has certified to the [Safe Harbor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/category/customer+service/safe+harbor+privacy+policy.do) with respect to personal data for human resource activities and clinical operations from countries in the European Union. 

**11\. Our Commitment to Children's Privacy**  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We never collect or maintain information at the Site from persons we know to be under age 13, and no part of our Site is designed to attract anyone under age 13. Please do not communicate with or contact us if you are under age 13. 

**12\. Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
This Privacy Policy may change over time. Neutrogena will notify you by e-mail or letter to your last known address whenever we make any substantive changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the changed version (for example, if you do not approve of a different way that we intend to use personal information) you may let us know by letter or e-mail. If you do not respond with any objections, we will assume that you consent to changes in the Privacy Policy. Changes will not apply retroactively to personal information that was collected before the changes to the Privacy Policy, except as may be required by law. 

**13\. Other Terms**  
Your use of this site is subject to our [Legal Notice](https://web.archive.org/category/customer+service/legal+notice.do) and [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/category/customer+service/terms+of+use.do). 

**Last Updated: Janurary 10, 2011**
