> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clubbk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140425104128id_/http%3A//www.bkcrown.com/Legal/ChildrensPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BKCrown | Imagination is King

Burger King Corporation has created special policies for the online collection, use, and disclosure of information from children under 13 years of age ("children" or "child") at Burger King Corporation's website, (the, "Site"). The purpose of this Children's Online Privacy Policy is to describe the information Burger King Corporation may collect on the Site, the purposes for which the information is used, what rights you have regarding personal information your child submits, and to whom and under what circumstances Burger King Corporation may disclose personal information. 

Burger King Corporation has created special policies for the online collection, use, and disclosure of information from children under 13 years of age ("children" or "child") at Burger King Corporation's website, (the, "Site"). The purpose of this Children's Online Privacy Policy is to describe the information Burger King Corporation may collect on the Site, the purposes for which the information is used, what rights you have regarding personal information your child submits, and to whom and under what circumstances Burger King Corporation may disclose personal information. 

## Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information

Certain non-personal information about visits to the Site is recorded by the standard operation of the internet servers on which the Site is hosted. The non-personal information that we collect may include IP addresses, the type of operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh or Windows), the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), the number and frequency of visitors to the Site, and the site the visitor was on immediately before visiting the Site. We may offer children many fun features on the Site, such as games and screen savers that do not require children to provide any personal information. In using these features, however, Burger King Corporation may collect certain non-personal information from children by using small text files known as cookies. We use cookies for several purposes, such as to recognize visitors to our websites, to determine the number of unique visitors to our websites, to ascertain which website pages they visit, and to conduct internal reviews of our site. We may associate information we collect via cookies with the personal information we collect from or about our visitors who are at least 13 years old, which we explain in the "Collection and Use of Personal Information" section of this privacy policy. We may use the combined information, for example, to personalize your child's experience on the website or to personalize marketing communications we may send to your child. You are always free to decline cookies, but in doing so your child may not be able to use certain features on our websites. The "help" segment of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to configure your browser to not accept new cookies, how to have the browser inform you when you receive a new cookie, and how to erase cookies from your hard drive. We may also use web beacons to count page visits by our users, to access our cookies, and otherwise to improve your experience on the Site. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. If you or your child who is at least 13 has registered to receive _BK CROWN_ TM/MC Program emails (kids under 13 cannot register to receive email), we may also use web beacons in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails the recipients have opened and acted upon, allowing us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please refer to your Profile on your Parent Dashboard.

Web beacons also help us manage online advertising, and are provided by our ad management Service Providers. These files enable our ad management Service Providers to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring visitors to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with a Service Provider. With both cookies and web beacons, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Our advertising Service Providers also use anonymous information about users' visits to this and other websites in order to deliver advertisements online that may be of interest to them. 

## Collection and Use of Personal Information

BKCrown.com

In order for any child under the age of 18 to register on the BKCrown.com, we collect the following information about your child: first name, date of birth, gender, zip code, parent's email address, password, secret question (as a reminder for a forgotten password), and "username. Burger King Corporation requires you to create a parental account, to permit your child to create an account and register with the Site. Burger King Corporation requires a parent or guardian to set up an account to reasonably ensure that the individual providing the consent is an adult. Once the consent of a parent or guardian has been verified, the account allows the parent or guardian to maintain control over the child's BKCrown.com account. To set up a parental account, Burger King Corporation may collect the parent's (or guardian's) first name, last name, mailing address, date of birth, gender, email address, and mobile telephone number (so that we may send text alerts). Additionally, the parent or guardian will be asked to verify his or her identity via "digital signature" via email. We may use the information collected about you and your child through the Site registration to inform you about future BKC promotions, sweepstakes, contests, and other marketing activities. These promotions may include, but are not limited to, information about the _BK CROWN_ TM/MC Program, birthday parties, movie property tie-in's, toys, and new food products. We may use the zip code and username information collected about your child to rank your child's performance on games and other competitions conducted on the Site. Additionally, there may be areas of the BKCrown.com website that are available only for registered Site members. During the registration process, parents and visitors who are 18 and older may choose to opt-in to promotional and/or website features. These may include emails that we send you on behalf of one of our promotional partners. 

We allow parents (or guardians) to manage their children's personal information or opt-in preferences by clicking "Edit Profile" from the Parent Dashboard on BKCrown.com. In this area, parents or guardians will be able to alter permissions, access the personally identifiable information that Burger King Corporation has collected about their child, correct factual errors in such information, and request to have this information deleted or request that BKCrown.com no longer collect, use or maintain such information. To protect the privacy and security of BKCrown.com members online, Burger King Corporation will take reasonable steps to verify the identity of the parent or guardian before granting the parent or guardian access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about the parent or guardian and his or her child.   
If you wish to opt out of future promotional emails, you may request to unsubscribe within each promotional email or SMS text message.   
We may send service-related emails and SMS text messages to Site registrants. These may include a welcome message and other non-promotional emails or text messages, from which no opt-out option is provided. Burger King Corporation may discontinue the Site and any related activities at any time and for any reason.

Burger King Corporation will transfer or otherwise disclose the information it collects from children or parents to employees and independent contractors of Burger King Corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and Service Providers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for Burger King Corporation, or if required to do so by law. **These entities are restricted to using this information only to provide a service on our behalf**. We do not share personal information with any third party for that party's own promotional purposes. We will also transfer or otherwise disclose personal information in response to judicial process, to comply with legal requirements, and, as permitted under provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on a matter related to public safety. We may also use the information as permitted by law to protect our rights or property, the Site, or its users. 

We maintain industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information. 

In the event that Burger King Corporation or any of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information acquired by Burger King Corporation may be one of the assets transferred. In such an event, we will notify you as explained below, under "Changes to this Privacy Statement." 

Burger King Corporation is not responsible for the policies, content, and practices of third party websites to which the Site may link. Please refer to those sites' own privacy policies to learn how they collect and use personal information. 

By visiting the Site, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Children's Online Privacy Policy. On occasion, it may be necessary for Burger King Corporation to change the terms of this Children's Online Privacy Policy. We will do so by posting updated text on the Site, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those changes. To ensure that you are aware of current privacy practices, we recommend that you check the Site periodically. 

If your child is a BKCrown.com member, you will be notified via email if any of the changes affect the use of your own or your child's personal information. You will be asked to opt-in to the new use of your child's personal information. If your child is not a BKCrown.com member, we will not materially change how we handle previously collected information without providing notice and an opportunity to choose how we use that information. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact us at via email at [contactus@bkcrown.com](mailto:contactus@bkcrown.com) via mail at Burger King Corporation, Consumer Relations Department, 5505 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, FL 33126; or via phone at (305) 378-3000. 

Effective Date: November 4, 2011
