> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clubplanet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616200922id_/http%3A//clubplanet.com/aboutus/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clubplanet - club listings, guest lists, nightlife, new years, new years eve, clubbing, nightclubs | nightlife, nightlife style, night club, new years, new years eve, nite club, nightclub, nightclubs, clubbing, night club promotions, club dance, club search, dance clubs, bar, party, techno, rave, free games, special event, tickets

Clubplanet.com and its member sites are committed to protecting the personal privacy rights of all our customers and consider all personal information as private and confidential. Clubplanet.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all of our current and future member web sites.  **Information Collected** We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. In addition, our web servers track information about the visits to our web sites. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our sites, the daily requests we receive for particular files on our web sites, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. 

Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), a unique member name, and demographic information (like their zip code, age group, or income level). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of the sharing of their information with other companies, as well as opt-out of receiving future mailings from us; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. 

Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of the sharing of their information with other companies, as well as opt-out of receiving future mailings fro m us; see the choice/opt-out section below. 

We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of the sharing of their information with other companies, as well as opt-out of receiving future mailings from us; see the choice/opt-out section below. 

We will not disclose customer name, addresses, or account information to unaffiliated parties, other than: 

  * where the customer requests or consents to disclosure 
  * where we are legally required to do so (e.g. in response to a subpoena or fraud investigation) 
  * where we have agreed to provide information under negotiated contracts **and** where the customer has been informed about the possibility of sharing information for marketing or other similar purposes through a prior direct communication and the customer has been given the reasonable opportunity and time to decline. 

**Third Party Advertising** We use MaxOnline and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).  **Third Party Cookies** In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.  **Other Sites** This site contains links to other sites. **Clubplanet.com** is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.  **Public Forums** This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. These features require users to register with the site, and enter their personal user names and passwords before entering those areas. 

Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

**Security** To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  **Children's Guidelines** Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Webster is structured to attract anyone under 13.  **Choice/Opt-Out** Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. Users may opt-out of the sharing of their information with other companies, as well as opt-out of receiving future mailings from us. 

This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. 

  1. You can send email to [unsubscribe@clubplanet.com](mailto:unsubscribe@clubplanet.com)
  2. You can visit the following URL: [http://www.clubplanet.com/membership/manage.asp](https://web.archive.org/membership/manage.asp)

**Correct/Update** This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

  1. Visit   
[http://www.clubplanet.com/membership/login.asp?action=modify](https://web.archive.org/membership/login.asp?action=modify)

**Contacting Us** Clubplanet believes that protecting each person's right to privacy is fundamental to the quality of customer relationships. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: Clubplanet.com 485 Madison Avenue, 21st Floor New York, NY 10022 Voice: 212.921.2100 E-mail: [webmaster@clubplanet.com](mailto:webmaster@clubplanet.com)   
 
