> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clubmac.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040603162429id_/http%3A//www.clubmac.com/clubmac/information/cm3privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ClubMac - The Online Mac Catalog

  
ClubMac has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web sites. 

**IP Addresses:** We occasionally use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart. 

**Cookies:** "Cookies" are small files that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personal or financial information, they contain only an internal tracking number that is generated by our offline systems. Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly and to deliver content specific to your interests. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still shop at ClubMac. 

**Links:** Our site contains links to other sites. 

[www.clubmac.com](http://www.clubmac.com/) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

**Customer Privacy:** Contact information is obtained during the order checkout process. Visitors to the site who choose to purchase products from 

[www.clubmac.com](http://www.clubmac.com/) are required to fill out standard contact information to ensure we have the correct billing and shipping address as well as payment information to completely process the order. This contact information may be used to help completely process the order placed or to provide order status information (e.g. product availability, ship confirmations) to the customer. Financial information captured at the point of purchase, is used to bill the user for products and services purchased. 

Customers may also subscribe to our Email Deals on the checkout screen as well as at our 

[Email Subscription Page](https://web.archive.org/clubmac). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Email Privacy Policy section below. 

If you provide us with your postal address, you may periodically receive mail from other reputable companies that offer products or services that may be of interest to you. You can, however, choose to have your name and address placed on our Do-Not-Share list. We will be sure you are removed from the list we share with other organizations. Our site gives users the following options for adding your name and address to our Do-Not-Share list. 

  1. You can send email to [custsvc@clubmac.com](mailto:custsvc@clubmac.com) with your mailing address indicating to be added to the Do-Not-Share list.
  2. You can send mail to the following postal address: ClubMac/ Customer Service Dept., 19 Morgan, Irvine CA 92618
  3. You can call the following telephone number: (800) 217-9153



**Email Privacy Policy:** Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. 

Our site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. 

We do not share e-mail names collected on our site for purposes of permitting other companies to market to you through e-mail. Providing us with your e-mail address will not result in your receiving unsolicited commercial e-mail from any third party. 

  1. You can "unsubscribe" from our email lists on our [Email Subscription Page](https://web.archive.org/clubmac). 
  2. You can send email to [custsvc@clubmac.com](mailto:custsvc@clubmac.com) with your email address or mailing address that you want removed.
  3. You can send mail to the following postal address: ClubMac/ Customer Service Dept., 19 Morgan, Irvine CA 92618
  4. You can call the following telephone number: (800) 217-9153



**Contests:** We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may op-out of receiving future mailings: see the Email Privacy Policy section below. 

**Security:** Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by secure server software. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. 

**Children’s Online Privacy Protection:** The safety of children is important to us. All ClubMac web sites, including www.clubmac.com, are general audience sites which are not directed to children under the age of 13. ClubMac will not knowingly accept users who are under the age of 13 years nor will it knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from or about anyone under the age of 13 years. In the event that ClubMac receives information that establishes that a member is under the age of 13 years, ClubMac

reserves the right, which it will exercise, to terminate that member's membership. 

If you believe that ClubMac has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at 

[webmaster@clubmac.com](mailto:webmaster@clubmac.com). 

**Contacting the Web Site:** If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: 

ClubMac  
Customer Service Dept.  
19 Morgan  
Irvine, CA 92618  
Phone: (800) 217-9153     (949) 768-9354

[custsvc@clubmac.com](mailto:custsvc@clubmac.com)  

