> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clubwpt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161015174609id_/https%3A//www.clubwpt.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Play Online Poker for Free at ClubWPT.com - Brought To You By The World Poker Tour®

**Effective December 18, 2013**

**Privacy Policy**

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE RELATED [**TERMS & CONDITIONS**](https://web.archive.org/terms-conditions.php) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.  
This “Site” (as defined herein) is operated by Club Services, Inc. and its respective subsidiary, parent and affiliated companies (collectively, “ **Company** ”, “ **CSI** ” “ **us** ” or “ **we** ”).  This privacy policy (“ **Privacy Policy** ”) applies to your use of our website located at [www.clubwpt.com](http://www.clubwpt.com/) and any other online and mobile websites, blogs and interactive applications operated by Company that are related to www.clubwpt.com (collectively, the “ **Site** ”) (unless a different policy is provided on a particular site or application, in which case such different policy shall control) as well as your use of any software available on the Site (the “ **Software** ”).  This Privacy Policy discloses what type of information is collected, the methods used to collect it, how Company utilizes the information to better serve all interested parties and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  Your use of the Site indicates that you have read, accepted and unconditionally agreed to the Company privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms. The [**Terms & Conditions**](https://web.archive.org/terms-conditions.php) for this Site are incorporated herein by this reference.

#### The Type of Information CSI Collects

Although parts of our Site do not require you to be a subscriber and you can use them without submitting any  “PII” (as defined below), some areas do require you to register and provide information that enables us to identify who you are. CSI generally collects  PII with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes, complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our newsletter or register for any portion of our services, you are asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name or phone number. Additional information such as your age may also be requested, and may be used to verify your eligibility to win sweepstakes. Other information, such as gender, may also be requested. Providing us with PII about yourself is voluntary, and you can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some of the Site’s features.  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personally identifiable information (“ **PII** ”) is personal information about an individual, such as a first and last name, phone number or email address or other individually identifiable information within the meaning of COPPA and the Federal Trade Commission’s Online Privacy Protection Rule found at 16 CFR 312.2.

#### For Younger Visitors and Their Parents

ClubWPT.com is not directed toward children (individuals under thirteen years of age). We do not permit registration or use of ClubWPT.com by anyone under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect PII from children.   In particular, if you are under 13 years of age, you should not provide any PII to any site on the Internet without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. If Company discovers that a person under the age of 18 has provided Company with any PII, Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such person’s PII from its system.

#### How CSI Uses the Information You Provide:

CSI uses this information to provide you with the service you have requested. If you subscribe to our newsletter, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your e-mail address to send you your newsletter. Similarly, if you enter an online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs. From time to time, CSI may share e-mail addresses and sell or share all other information with our affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think can offer you services and products of interest to you. If you no longer wish to have your information shared, write to us at privacy@wpt.com. If you do not wish to receive communications from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the e-mail, or write to privacy@wpt.com. We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance or forums software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. And if you choose to purchase items through features on our site, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Site that are managed or participated in by third parties, such as our featured partners. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While CSI will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies, CSI does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. Please note that third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site.  There may also be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with governmental agency investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose.  
In addition, we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer user information, including without limitation PII and account information, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of Company’s assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. You will be notified via e-mail or prominent notice on our Site prior to a change of ownership or control of your PII, if your PII will be used contrary to this policy. For clarification and the removal of doubt, Company specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of PII collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy from this Site or the Software, off-line or otherwise, to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.

#### Third Party Sites Connections

CSI may offer you the possibility to connect your accounts from third party sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (each, a “ **Third Party Site** ”), with the Site by an application programming interface (API) or other software. By allowing CSI to connect with your accounts on such Third Party Sites, you consent to CSI’s accessing the information in those accounts, which information may include PII.  You likewise consent to CSI’s publishing on the Site any such information or actions you take on other such Third Party Sites.  Any information accessed or published from your account on a Third Party Site on the Site is subject to CSI’s Terms of Use.  It is your choice whether to use any such Third Party Site, and you understand that in some instances such Third Party Sites may request to access and publish information about you or your friends that is included in your CSI account.

#### Non-Personally Identifiable Information

When your computer or mobile device contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit this Site or view an HTML e-mail), our web servers automatically collect usage information.  Such usage information includes information about how our visitors use and navigate our Site. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Site, and IP addresses (see below for more information on IP addresses). We also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail, advertising or promotional announcement or similar service. This information is used to analyze and improve this Site and to provide you with a more fulfilling and relevant experience.

#### Browser Cookies

Like many websites, we use browser “cookies”.  Cookies are a website’s way of remembering who you are.  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. There are two kinds of cookies: those that are “session” oriented and those that are “persistent”.  Session cookies delete from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies retain information for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire.  We use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our Site.  Also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this Site.  Most web browsers accept cookies automatically.  You can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule.  For example, in the Internet Explorer menu bar, select: Tools àInternet OptionsàBrowsing HistoryàDelete to view manual and automatic options.  If you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this Site.

#### Flash Cookies

Our Site enables the use of the Adobe Flash Player.  Adobe’s Flash Player is a commonly used software use by websites that offer video and other interactive content.  By default, your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates “flash cookies” (also known as “persistent identification elements” or “local shared objects”).  Adobe provides a short disclosure about Flash Cookies in its End User License Agreement, stating “Use of the web players, specifically the Flash Player, will enable the Software to store certain user settings as a local shared object on our computer.  These settings are not associated with you, but allow you to configure certain settings within the Flash Player.”  The Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use flash cookies to remember user settings, preferences and usage similar to the browser cookies referenced above, but flash cookies can store more information than browser cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser.  You can control the degree to which you accept flash cookies by accessing your Adobe Flash Player management tools directly through the settings manager for Adobe Flash, located at http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.  If you do not allow flash cookies to take any disc space on your computer, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features on the Site.  Users with a computer running the Windows operating system can view flash cookie files in this folder: \Documents and Settings\\[username]\Application Data\Macromedia\Flash Player.  Users with a computer running the Apple operating system can view flash cookie files in this folder: /users/[username]/Library/Preferences/macromedia/Flash Player.  Flash cookies, or LSO files are stored typically with an “.SOL” extension.

Although the Adobe Flash Player is a commonly used software used by websites that offer video content and/or games, it is not the only technology being used in the ever-shifting online and mobile content environment.  HTML5 is an increasingly popular web standard used for presenting content, especially content delivered to mobile devices.  HTML is the mark-up language used for the World Wide Web. Almost all web pages you visit on the internet are based around HTML code.  HTML5 is simply the fifth and latest iteration of this mark-up language that allows for more interactive web pages.  One of the real benefits of HTML5 is its potential to standardize the highly fragmented rich-media universe.  Some HTML5 code may allow your response to advertising and other activities to be monitored across websites and such information to be stored on your computer or mobile device.  Technology solutions that allow users to opt-out of or block this sort of tracking are being developed through browser add-ons and other tools.  However, please note that we do not process or comply with any browser’s “do not track” signal or other mechanism that indicates a request to disable online tracking.

#### Web Beacons

Our web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called a "clear gif", that allows us to monitor and collect certain limited information about our users, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons can be very small or invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including HTML based content, can act as a web beacon. We may use web beacons to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate our Site, and we may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many of the messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon. We use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our Site and our marketing campaigns.

#### Use Of IP Addresses

An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are linked to the Internet. When you request pages from this Site, our servers log your IP address. We may use IP address for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of the Site.  We may associate your IP address with the PII you provide.  
We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.

#### Sensitive Information:

CSI uses all possible efforts to ensure the safety of your sensitive information. No website, internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. CSI cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Your use of the Site and the Software is at your own risk. CSI urges you to take steps to keep your information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place (separate from your account information), logging out of your account, and closing your web browser.  In order to help us protect your sensitive information and PII further, you should be careful about providing your password to others.

Whenever you give CSI sensitive or confidential information, CSI will take commercially reasonable steps to protect the information by establishing a secure connection with your web browser. CSI uses the Security Socket Layer (“ **SSL** ”), an industry standard security protocol for encrypting sensitive information.  Unfortunately, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed 100% secure.  We cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to CSI and you do so at your own risk.

#### External Links:

Company may contain links to, or advertisements about, non-Company websites. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to Company Sites. Company does not endorse or sponsor other websites, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-Company sites, expressly disclaims any statements or assertions made on such websites, and denies all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other websites and advertisements.  Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through other websites.  We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit.

#### Consent to Processing in the United States:

This Site is operated in the United States.  By providing any information to Company, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy.  By using our Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent and agree to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of your information to and in the United States.

#### International Transfers

PII collected on the Site may be stored and processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, or agents maintain facilities. By using the Site and/or the Software, you expressly consent to any transfer of information outside of your country.

#### Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights:

California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2012 will receive information about 2011 sharing activities). As set forth in this Privacy Policy, we comply with this law by offering our visitors the ability to tell us not to share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, consistently exercise your opt-out choice whenever you provide PII to us or send us a message at [members@theclubservices.com](mailto:members@theclubservices.com).  You must include this Site as the subject line, and your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message.

#### Revisions to Privacy Policy:

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time.  When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date located at the top of this Privacy Policy.  For changes to this Privacy Policy that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on the Company website located at www.clubwpt.com by revising the link to read substantially as “Updated Privacy Policy” for a reasonable amount of time.  If you provide information to us or access or use the Site in any way after this Privacy Policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have unconditionally consented and agreed to such changes.  The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy.

#### Choice of Law:

This Privacy Policy, including all revisions and amendments thereto, is governed by the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles which would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

#### Contact Us

If you have concerns or questions about any aspect of this Policy, you may e-mail our Privacy Policy Coordinator at [privacy@wpt.com](mailto:privacy@wpt.com). We welcome your feedback. You can also send us regular mail at the following address:

Privacy Administrator  
Club Services, Inc.  
1920 Main Street, Suite 1150  
Irvine, CA 92614
