> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the energyactioncoalition.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150511140221id_/http%3A//www.energyactioncoalition.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Energy Action Coalition

Energy Action Coalition has a firm commitment to internet privacy. You can visit most portions of energyactioncoalition.org and other EAC websites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a normal web site visit is the name of your internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the web site that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time you request them.

We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity in order to improve the quality of our site to our visitors. We do encourage you to voluntarily share your email address and other personally identifiable information with us, because we can’t build the movement we need to win the fight against global warming without you. All such information is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data.

We may request the information from you in order to respond to specific information requests or register you for events or programs such as the Power Shift 2013 program. The kinds of information we may ask of you may include: name, postal and e-mail address, telephone number, emergency contact name and telephone number and relationship to you, billing information and information related to event registration. In the case of individuals below the age of 18, it may also include the name and telephone number of a parent or legal guardian.

The Energy Action Coalition website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

Energy Action Coalition makes every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies. If you choose to make a donation to Energy Action Coalition or otherwise provide us your credit card information (including in connection with registration for events or programs), your credit card information will be used only for the transaction for which it is submitted through our secure online payment system. Energy Action Coalition does not retain credit card information or transmit credit card information to anyone else. We do not sell or otherwise disclose such information outside the Coalition.

Energy Action Coalition will not use your personal information for any purpose other than that for which it is submitted. We use personal information collected in connection with registration for an event or program to manage event participation, reply to inquiries and process billing and will only share personal information with the contractors and/or partners responsible for organizing/sponsoring the event or program you are registering to attend. We will also add your name to our mailing list, so you can engage in future events and campaigns. If you do not want to receive any further communications from us, you can unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of any email we send.

Cookies: Like most websites, Energy Action Coalition may place a “cookie,” or small file, in the browser files of a visitor’s computer. We use cookies to save information you give us so that you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. This allows us to personalize the site to your taste and provide the best web experience possible to our visitors.

If you sign up to receive updates from Energy Action Coalition, we commit to providing you with accurate and timely information about our campaign activities. While the vast majority of communications will come to you directly from Energy Action Coalition, some information on our lists, such as your name and address, may be provided to trusted Energy Action Coalition allies from time to time. These allies may, for example, be organizing related events in your community. You may opt out of our communication from Energy Action Coalition at any time via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email we send.

Energy Action Coalition reserves the right to change its policy as necessary to support the campaign. If the privacy policy is updated, this statement will also be updated.
