> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the truckdrivingjobs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180817084429id_/https%3A//www.truckdrivingjobs.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TruckDrivingJobs.com

Effective Date: June 16, 2014

TruckDrivingJobs.com has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its use of personal data you give to TruckDrivingJobs.com when you access or use TruckDrivingJobs.com's online and/or mobile services, web sites, and software provided on or in connection with the services or web sites (collectively, the "Website"). This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 16, 2014. You may contact TruckDrivingJobs.com, LLC at 6047 Tampa Avenue, Suite 308, Tarzana, CA 91356, USA. Or you can reach either company via our Website contact form.

This Privacy Policy covers only data collected through the Website and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our subsidiaries collect offline or through web sites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy. Occasionally, we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices and consent requests related to special-purpose web pages, for example, if we invite you to submit ideas to improve the Website; under such circumstances, this Privacy Policy applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).

**1\. Information Collected and Utilized**

When you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, participate in a survey, post a rating or review, post a question or answer, post a resume, upload content or otherwise actively send us data on our Website, we usually collect data including, but not limited to, user name, password, first and last name, email address, street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume. In connection with chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification information). In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the Website, because you actively submit it.

As part of the standard operation of the Website, TruckDrivingJobs.com will automatically collect information from your computer or mobile device, including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site, and if you are accessing our site with your mobile device, type of mobile device. In addition we may record actions taken on the Website including, but not limited to, date and times of use, clicks, page views, the amount of time you spend on each page, and search queries. TruckDrivingJobs.com reserves the right to match your IP address or other information with other information about you in any way permitted by applicable law. TruckDrivingJobs.com will store this information on its equipment or the equipment of third parties that it has a relationship with for that purpose.

If you access or use the Website on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address, and IP Address. TruckDrivingJobs.com may create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, geo-location or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Website.

**2\. Uses of Information**

When you submit information to TruckDrivingJobs.com, this information will be used for the purposes set forth in Paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Privacy Policy. TruckDrivingJobs.com uses this information and information generated when you use our Website, including but not limited to your resume, your posted reviews, searches, clicks, taps, web sites and web pages you visit through our mobile software (including third party web sites and web pages), job applications, messages and postings to provide our services and features to you, to provide your information to employers that may be interested in contacting you, to provide employer information to you and to measure and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer support. If you are located in the USA, TruckDrivingJobs.com may also share your personal information, such as your email address, with third party websites and/or social networking sites in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you. If you would like to opt-out of receiving advertisements, please send an email to opt-out @ TruckDrivingJobs.com.com. (remove spaces when sending email)

TruckDrivingJobs.com may also use the information to prevent potentially illegal activities and activities that are detrimental to you or other users. TruckDrivingJobs.com may investigate and disclose information from or about you or your use of TruckDrivingJobs.com if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders; (b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the use of the Website; or (c) protects our rights, reputation, property, safety, or that of the public. We may use a variety of methods to detect and address anomalous activity and screen content to prevent abuse such as spam. These efforts may on occasion result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions for some users. We provide email proxy and relay services to the users of our TruckDrivingJobs.com products, including: TruckDrivingJobs.com Resume, TruckDrivingJobs.com Apply, and Post a Job; we monitor and review those messages in order to prevent fraud, reduce unwanted mail, and provide quality control.

We may use other companies, including other members of the TruckDrivingJobs.com corporate group and third parties, to perform services necessary to our operations. In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to your personal information and such information may be transferred overseas. By contractual agreement, those companies must treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, we will not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies. TruckDrivingJobs.com may use your IP address and mobile device information to help diagnose problems with TruckDrivingJobs.com's service and to administer TruckDrivingJobs.com's site. Your IP address and mobile device information may also be used to help identify you, your location, and your online profile and to gather broad demographic information (such as country of origin). TruckDrivingJobs.com may maintain (as permitted by applicable law) your data following your termination of your relationship with TruckDrivingJobs.com. TruckDrivingJobs.com may delete your user data as permitted by applicable law. If you provide credit, debit or other payment card and related details to us in order to make a payment, TruckDrivingJobs.com will use those details only for the purpose of processing the payment. TruckDrivingJobs.com may also aggregate your data with other data, for the purposes set forth above.

**3\. Contact and Resume Information**

When you give TruckDrivingJobs.com contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information, you agree that TruckDrivingJobs.com may utilize this information as set forth herein. You agree that TruckDrivingJobs.com may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a 3rd party, through your TruckDrivingJobs.com account or through other means made available through your contact information such as email, phone, or postal mail. If and to the extent permitted by applicable law, TruckDrivingJobs.com, or its designated third party partners, may also use your contact information to (i) send you job alerts; (ii) create an account; (iii) send you information about TruckDrivingJobs.com; and, (iv) if you are located in the USA, send you promotional material from some of TruckDrivingJobs.com's partners. TruckDrivingJobs.com may use demographic and/or profile data to tailor your experience on TruckDrivingJobs.com's site, show you content that TruckDrivingJobs.com thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. Your personal information gets placed on the TruckDrivingJobs.com Website when you upload or edit a resume. To the extent you upload a resume or edit it, and subject to your Privacy Settings, you are making the resume, your name and other personal information that you place on your resume available to third parties who may be interested in you as an employee, search engines, or to the general public by posting your personal information on the internet. This may be crawled by, and displayed through, search engines when someone searches for your name. This means that third parties can view the personal information contained in your resume and you may receive unsolicited contact from parties unaffiliated with TruckDrivingJobs.com and for whom TruckDrivingJobs.com has no responsibility. If you do not want your personal information posted on the Website, you should not upload it. You may opt-out of this feature by editing your Privacy Settings; however, TruckDrivingJobs.com does not warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches, which may contain old public resume information. TruckDrivingJobs.com reserves the right to charge third parties a fee for accessing your information as part of TruckDrivingJobs.com's services. At your direction, TruckDrivingJobs.com may also send your resume to third parties if you choose to apply for a job listing.

**4\. Consent**

TruckDrivingJobs.com offers any user the choice to utilize the TruckDrivingJobs.com website. If you create a resume on, upload your resume to or apply to a job through or otherwise use the TruckDrivingJobs.com website, you are specifically consenting to the use of any personal information you have provided to TruckDrivingJobs.com as set forth herein and in the Terms of Service.

**5\. Security**

The Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under TruckDrivingJobs.com's control. TruckDrivingJobs.com uses SSL encryption, access control policies, anti-virus programs and firewalls to protect information under our control. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. In addition, please note that emails, messages sent via your web browser, and other similar means of communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means. Therefore, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its security.

**6\. Cookies**

"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. 

**7\. Links**

TruckDrivingJobs.com may create links to other web sites. When you click on links on TruckDrivingJobs.com you may leave our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.

**8\. Amendments**

TruckDrivingJobs.com may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If TruckDrivingJobs.com is going to use personally identifiable information collected through TruckDrivingJobs.com's site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection TruckDrivingJobs.com will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on TruckDrivingJobs.com's Website for 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law.

**9\. Assignment**

If there is a change of ownership or control in TruckDrivingJobs.com's business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise) or if there is an asset sale, the user information, including your personal information, could be disclosed as part of such a process and / or sold as part of that transaction and your personally identifying information potentially could be used by the purchaser. However, if that business materially changes this statement or the information-handling practices as described in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by email and/or through a notice posted on the website, and you may opt-out of the use of your existing information in a new manner. This Privacy Policy inures to the benefit of any successors or assigns of TruckDrivingJobs.com or the assets of TruckDrivingJobs.com.

**10\. Safe Harbor for EU Residents**

TruckDrivingJobs.com LLC complies with the US-EU/Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Economic Area member countries and Switzerland. If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, TruckDrivingJobs.com Ireland is the data controller responsible for your information. TruckDrivingJobs.com LLC receives data from TruckDrivingJobs.com Ireland as a data processor and has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

**11\. Accessing Personal Data for EU Residents**

Residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland have a right of access to their data. If you wish to access such data, please send a certified letter to the above address with a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity verification purposes) and the same will be provided to you. There may be a charge for such a request (which will not be higher than applicable law permits). European Economic Area and Switzerland residents also have a right, if their personal data is inaccurate, of rectification, erasure or blocking of such inaccurate personal data. You may edit your resume free of charge (if there is an inaccuracy or otherwise), by following procedures set forth on the TruckDrivingJobs.com Website. If your personal data is inaccurate, you may alternatively request TruckDrivingJobs.com to rectify, erase or block the data by sending a certified letter, with a copy of your passport or national identity card (for identity verification purposes), to the above address with the exact nature of the requested action.

**12\. Do Not Track Requests**

We do not respond to the browser "Do Not Track" (DNT) signal if enabled by the user in their web browser. When we set or read cookies on non-TruckDrivingJobs.com sites that have integrated our job search and display features, we do so in order to provide a personalized job search experience to users on those sites. We do not share any information about your use of TruckDrivingJobs.com with those third-parties. When third-parties that we have integrated into TruckDrivingJobs.com sites (as described in the TruckDrivingJobs.com Cookie Policy) set or read their own third-party cookies, they may or may not respond to the DNT signal.
