> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trueliving.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130814092500id_/http%3A//www.onescreen.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - OneScreen

**1.         Our Commitment to Privacy.**  Use of any OneScreen Inc. (“OneScreen”) website, and all others owned and operated by OneScreen, including those of its affiliates (each a “Site” and collectively, the “Sites”), provide users of the Sites and OneScreen’s clients with information and access to OneScreen’s products and services (the “Services”), and allows users to contact OneScreen for further information and support. This notice (the “Privacy Policy”) is designed to advise users and clients of how OneScreen (including, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, its affiliates) collects, uses, and protects their personal information. OneScreen reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site. By visiting any Site and using any OneScreen Services, all users and clients are deemed to have accepted the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

**2.          What Information is Collected.  **OneScreen collects the following personal information:

(a) Personally-Identifiable Information: OneScreen collects any personally-identifiable information users enter on a Site, or that client or user may give OneScreen in any other way in order to perform the Services, which identifies any user as a specific individual or entity, including, but not limited to, a user’s name, email address, mailing address, phone number(s), and/or credit card number(s) (“PII”). OneScreen will only collect PII about users upon express prior notice, or if such information is expressly solicited and is voluntarily provided by users to OneScreen.

PII is collected on the Sites in the following instances: (i) information requests, when a Site user submits an inquiry to OneScreen, and provides his/her/its name, address, email address, mailing address, and/or telephone number so that OneScreen is able to respond to the request; (ii) access to OneScreen’s client-only web-based user interface for use of certain Services, where a client may submit PII in order to register for a username and password; (iii) feedback requests, when OneScreen may ask users to provide voluntary feedback to help OneScreen improve the Site and users provide optional name and contact information; and/or (iv) or other offers.

(b) Non-Personally-Identifiable Information: OneScreen may also collect non-personally identifiable information that does not reveal users’ specific identity (“Non-PII”). Non-PII includes optionally submitted demographic data about users, such as their age, gender, and city/state of residence. Non-PII also includes server log files that OneScreen maintains and stores regarding Sites’ users; the information contained in these files includes information a user’s browser automatically sends to the Site, such as information about a user’s web request, IP address, browser type/language, and the date and time of any visit. Collection and recordation of such data is a standard practice among website operators. Non-PII also includes “Cookies”. Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to a user’s computer from a web server, that allows OneScreen to keep records of users’ ongoing access and use of the Sites. This is a standard practice among website operators and can facilitate users’ ongoing access and use of the Sites. Most browsers are set up to accept Cookies, but all users are advised that they may change such settings by selecting the appropriate option(s) in their respective browsers’ privacy options or settings menu to have their browser notify them upon receipt of a new Cookie, or to refuse to accept Cookies.

(c) Disclaimer: Users may choose not to provide certain personal information or to disallow the use of Cookies, but are advised that by doing so, users may not be able to take advantage of certain OneScreen Services, including use of a Site, or certain areas of the Site where such information is required by OneScreen for user access.

**3.          How and When Information is Used.**  The information OneScreen collects is used for administering OneScreen’s business activities. OneScreen uses PII provided by users to respond to their inquiries and requests, keep accurate records of clients concerning the Services they request and use through the Sites, and to provide users with Sites-related Services. Occasionally OneScreen may use voluntarily-provided PII to: (a) notify users about changes to the OneScreen Sites, (b) notify users of changes to OneScreen’s terms and conditions of use to a Site, (c) notify clients of changes to terms and conditions of use of certain Services, or (d) notify users and clients of the availability of new Sites or Services, or other special offers.

Non-PII is used by OneScreen in its aggregated form to help OneScreen measure the Sites’ performance and effectiveness, and to improve the Sites and any Services it provides through the Sites. Some Sites and Services include the provision and serving of third-party advertising on by OneScreen through its third-party advertising partners; in such cases, OneScreen and/or its third-party advertising partners may collect and use Non-PII through Cookies for behavioral advertising purposes by tracking the viewing and usage of advertisements and delivering more relevant advertising pursuant to use of such Sites and Services.

**4.          How We Protect User and Client Information.**  The privacy and protection of all of users’ information is important to OneScreen. OneScreen does not and will not make any PII available to third parties without the relevant user’s permission. OneScreen clients and Sites users are advised that their access to some Services and content on the Sites may be password protected and may require a valid username. OneScreen advises all clients and other users of the Sites that they do not disclose their respective username(s) or password(s) to anyone. OneScreen further advises its clients that pursuant to the terms and conditions of use of certain Services, each client may be required to not disclose its password(s) or username(s) to any persons other than its authorized employees or authorized agents. In addition, OneScreen advises its users and clients that they are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under their respective username(s) and password(s), and for the confidentiality of such password(s) and username(s). Each user, and each client of the Services available through any Site, agrees that it will sign out of any password-protected services at the end of each session of use.

**5.          Who Has Access to the Information.**  Information about our users is important to OneScreen. OneScreen will not disclose any PII to any third party without first receiving a user’s permission, excluding any service providers that help OneScreen provide the Services which  may be requested on the Sites. OneScreen may transfer any PII of users of the Site to any of its assigns and successors in interest, or to any of its corporate subsidiaries or parent, subject at all times however, to the terms of this Privacy Policy. OneScreen may be required by law to disclose personal information about users to comply with law, regulation, court order, or other legal process. OneScreen may, in its own reasonable discretion, disclose PII about users or a client if it reasonably determines it needs to share such information to protect or enforce OneScreen’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights or those of another user or client, to enforce the terms of OneScreen’s copyright policies or any service agreement a client may agree to with OneScreen, or to assist law enforcement in identifying individuals or users of the Sites who have/are engaged in unlawful activities. Users and clients of the Services are advised that they may be required to submit certain PII in notices and/or counter-notifications regarding allegations of copyright infringement pursuant to OneScreen’s Copyright Policy (a copy of which may be found at  <http://www.onescreen.com/legal/copyright>. Please note that the personal information so provided may be forwarded to the person who submitted the allegedly infringing content, or in the case of “counter-notifications”, the original claimant of copyright infringement. By submitting PII to OneScreen pursuant to the Copyright Policy, users are deemed to have consented to having their information revealed in the manner described in the Copyright Policy.

**6.          Methods We Use to Protect User Information.**  OneScreen uses security software to protect the confidentiality of users’ information. In addition, OneScreen’s business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of information. OneScreen’s business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons. Users are advised, however, that no transmission of information is absolutely secure, and that OneScreen can only protect the confidentiality of personal information within its reasonable control. OneScreen assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of USERS’ information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond OneScreen’s reasonable control.

**7.          Third-Party Links.  **OneScreen does not control the data collection policies of any third-party website that is linked to the Sites. By clicking on any link or advertisement on any Site, each user thereby acknowledges and agrees that the privacy policy of such third-party website will govern the collection of and use of any information provided to that website’s operators. Accordingly, OneScreen assumeS no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third-parties with respect to their use of USER information or otherwise.

**8.         Children.**  The Sites do not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18; the Sites are directed to, and intended for use by, adults only. OneScreen does not knowingly collect personal information from any children under the age of 13. Any inadvertently collected information from persons under the age of 13 shall be deleted from OneScreen’s records.

**9.         How Users Can Access Information.**  Users may request access to all their own PII by sending a request to:

OneScreen Inc.  
c/o Legal Department  
310 Commerce  
Suite 200  
Irvine, CA 92602  
Phone: (949) 525-4466  
Fax: (949) 525-4475  
Email: [info@onescreen.com](mailto:info@onescreen.com)

**10.         User Opt-Out From Data Collection.  **By use of any Site involving the provision and serving of advertising, whether by OneScreen or through its third-party advertising partners, all clients and users shall be deemed to have agreed to the use of personal information in the manner and purposes described above, including the collection of users’ Non-PII for behavioral advertising purposes. Due to the nature of Non-PII, be aware that OneScreen may be unable to respond to any requests from a user to delete any Non-PII. Users of such Sites may opt-out of the use of Cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by OneScreen and/or its third-party advertising partners for the purposes of delivering relevant advertising by visiting:

[http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.onescreen.com/files/www.networkadvertising.org) ( to opt-out of data collection and usage by OneScreen’s third-party advertising partners belonging to the Network Advertising Initiative);

[http://d.1sadx.net/p3pText.html](http://www.onescreen.com/files/p3pText.html) (to opt-out of data collection and usage by OneScreen through advertisements served through OneScreen); and

any other URL as may be specified by OneScreen from time to time in this Privacy Policy. Please follow the instructions listed in the above links to opt-out of such data collection and usage by and OneScreen and its third-party advertising partners. ****

**10.         Consent.** By using the Sites and Services, users and OneScreen clients consent to the collection and use of their personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If any user or client does not agree to have its personal information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy, such user or client is advised to discontinue use of the OneScreen Sites and Services.

**11.        Changes to Privacy Policy.** OneScreen reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time, in OneScreen’s sole reasonable discretion, and by continued use of any Site or Service thereafter, users agree to be bound by such revisions or modifications. If OneScreen’s Privacy Policy or procedures change, OneScreen will immediately post those changes to the Sites. Any such changes will be effective upon the earlier of: seven (7) days following OneScreen’s written notice posted to the Sites, or in the case of a OneScreen client, upon delivery of notice to any applicable administrative client-user via email and upon posting to the Site, unless otherwise stated in the change; however, it is the responsibility of each user and client to review the modified Privacy Policy for any changes. The most recent version of this Privacy Policy may be viewed at any time by visiting: <http://www.onescreen.com/legal/privacy>.

**12.        Effective Date.** This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 23, 2013.
