> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the truepush.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191225042947id_/https%3A//www.truepush.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cross Platform Push Notifications | Free Forever Push Notifications For Website

  


## Truepush Privacy Policy 

Effective date: December 17, 2018 

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. 

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for access or usage of [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)

[Truepush](https://truepush.com/) and affiliates respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes in brief the manner in which your data is collected and used by [Truepush](https://truepush.com/). You are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By using [Truepush](https://truepush.com/) , you agree to the collection and use of your data by [Truepush](https://truepush.com/) in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.

### We want you to

  * Feel comfortable using www.truepush.com , Truepush
  * Feel reasonably secure submitting information to us
  * Contact us with your questions or concerns about privacy on www.truepush.com , Truepush
  * By using www.truepush.com , Truepush, you consent to the collection of certain data



### What information is, or may be, collected from you?

We will automatically receive and collect certain anonymous information in standard usage logs through our Web server, including computer-identification information obtained from "cookies," sent to your browser from a 

  * web server cookie stored on your hard drive 
  * an IP address, assigned to the computer which you use
  * the domain server through which you access our service
  * the type of computer you're using
  * the type of web browser you're using
  * the device id’s and other details



### We may collect the following sensitive personal data or information (SPDI) about you: 

  * Name 
  * Email id
  * Name of your website and website type (http/ https)
  * Details of app – in case of mobile app



### We may collect the following sensitive personal data or information (SPDI) from your Customers (website): 

  * Name of the Country 
  * Name of the State
  * Name of the City
  * Zip-code
  * Time-zone
  * IP address
  * Website – Name of the browser and OS 



### We may collect the following sensitive personal data or information (SPDI) from your Customers (Mobile Apps) 

#### In case of Android 

  * Google Advertiser ID
  * Network Type
  * Brand details
  * Device Details – Model, Serial No 
  * Internal & External Memory details
  * Manufacturer details
  * Network Operator details 
  * OS version details
  * Processor Vendor details
  * Product details
  * Ram size
  * Screen Resolution details
  * Language details



#### In case of iOS

  * Google Advertiser ID
  * Internal Memory 
  * MID (device-ID)
  * Name of the OS
  * Device Serial details
  * Network Operator details
  * Screen Resolution 
  * Brand details
  * OS version details
  * Network Type
  * Product details 



#### We may also collect the following information: 

  * about the pages you visit / access
  * the links you click 
  * the number of times you access a page 



#### WHO COLLECTS THE INFORMATION?

Some of your sensitive personal data or information may be collected, received, possessed, stored, dealt with or handled by: 

#### M/s. Truepush Pvt Ltd

# 23rd floor, SV Square, Road Number 36, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad- 500036, Telangana, India

We will collect anonymous traff ic information from you when you access [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)

We may collect sensitive personal data or identifiable information about you only as a part of a voluntary registration process.

#### HOW IS THE INFORMATION USED?

##### We use your sensitive personal information to:

  * help us provide personalized features
  * tailor Truepush to your interest
  * send push notifications 
  * analyse, customize and improve the feature we offer using Truepush 
  * customer, technical and operational support regarding the push notifications 
  * information and analytics regarding use of your website or mobile apps
  * analyse ad performance contextual
  * get in touch with you when necessary
  * provide the services requested by you
  * preserve social history as governed by existing law or policy
  * create inferences about your customers categorized into “Data Segments”- segmentation
  * to create data segments on anonymous data & to share



The above mentioned are for making use of Truepush to full potential for you. Also the same data may be anonymised and shared Internally or externally.

#### How can you import or export your information? 

  * **Import:** To Import any information that fits our tool format. Presently you can give us your information over email and we will import it for you.
  *  **Export:** To export any information, you can send us a request of your desired information and we will give it to you over email. For both import and export requests, you can write to [ help@truepush.com](https://web.archive.org/help@truepush.com)



#### We use contact information internally to:

  * direct our efforts for improvement



#### Generally, we use anonymous traffic information to:

  * remind us of who you are in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service;
  * recognize your access privileges to [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)
  * help diagnose problems with our server, [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)
  * administer [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)
  * track your session so that we can understand better how people use [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)



#### Disclosure policy in compliance with rule 6 of the it rules 2011

The sensitive personal data or information may be disclosed to any person, if such disclosure is required for a lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)

The sensitive personal data or information may be disclosed, where the disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation. 

We do not rent, sell, publish or share your sensitive personal data and we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information unless:

we have your permission

to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, including cyber incidents potential threat, punishment of offences and to the safety or security of any person, violations of [Truepush](https://truepush.com/) ‘s terms of use or to defend against legal claims; 

Special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure.

#### What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?

Sharing your sensitive personal identifiable information is entirely voluntary. You need not register with us in order to use [Truepush](https://truepush.com/). However, we offer push-notification services only to visitors who register. You may opt-in or opt-out of push notification services. You may update your information and change your account settings at any time. 

Upon request, we will remove/block your sensitive personal identifiable information from our database, thereby cancelling your registration. However, your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account.

Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or browser. However, cookie data shall be anonymous data intended to track user behaviour. We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, Fresh Chat.

You can accept or decline cookies. All sites that are customizable require that you accept cookies. 

In addition, cookies placed on your computer or your customer’s computer help us to understand what you or your customers are interested in. We or our ad-service platform may deploy online cookies to tracks users across websites or to associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs We may do so in order to better or more accurately target relevant and contextual ads to you Our ad-serving platform may then help us retarget ads to your customers based on their interactions with Truepush. However, you may opt-out of receiving push notification by going to “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications” and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Further, different device configurations or updates to devices may affect or change these settings work). Your choice to opt- out of “Notifications” from Truepush shall not affect ads places by any other platform or organisation 

#### What security procedures are in place to protect information from loss, misuse or alteration?

To protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, and to comply with Rule 8 of IT Rules, 2011 (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information), we have in place appropriate physical, electronic, technical, operational and managerial procedures. 

Our servers are accessible only to authorized personnel and your information is shared with respective personnel to complete the transaction and to provide the services requested by you.

Although we will endeavor to safeguard the confidentiality of your sensitive personal identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using [Truepush](https://truepush.com/) in whatsoever manner, you agree that we shall have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties including any cyber-attacks.

#### How can you correct inaccuracies in the information?

To correct or update any information you have provided during registration, you can update or correct the inaccuracies therein through your registered account. However, you shall be responsible for informing us the same. 

In the event of loss of access details, you may 

Send an e-mail to help@truepush.com 

#### Policy updates

We reserve the right to change or update this policy at any time by placing a prominent notice on [Truepush](https://truepush.com/). Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting the same on [Truepush](https://truepush.com/)
