> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the true.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101120105237id_/http%3A//www.true.com/privacy.htm%3Fsvw%3Dhomepage) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# True | Privacy & Use Policy

**Collection and Use of Information**  
Through TRUE.com, our members may take advantage of the many services and features available online.  In order to provide you with our services, you must provide us with certain necessary information.  TRUE treats all of your information with the utmost care for your privacy and security.  TRUE does not sell, trade, or otherwise disclose customer lists names, addresses, birth dates, email address or other individually identifiable information (collectively "Personal Information") to unaffiliated third parties without your permission.  In the event that TRUE should be acquired or substantially all of its assets transferred, Personal Information would be considered a transferable asset.  TRUE will give registered members notice prior to transferring their Personal Information, and an opportunity to opt-out of having their Personal Information transferred to the new entity.  Further, in the event we make a material change in the way we collect your Personal Information, use your Personal Information, or change our email policies, you will be notified by email or through a prominent notice on our website.  For your information, below is a detailed list of the services available through TRUE.com, an outline of the information collected from you to provide such services, and a description of what we do with such information. 

**Sign Up**  
Certain features of our website, including the TRUE Compatibility Index™ and personality profile, require the client or website user to sign up before accessing those services.  During sign-up, TRUE.com collects the following Personal Information: name, address, birth date, and email address, along with other individual identifiable information about you and the type of people and relationships you are seeking through our website (e.g., hobbies, interests, personal preferences, personality traits).  This Personal Information may then be imported into the website programs to simplify the amount of information you will be required to enter when using the features available on TRUE.com.  In the event there is a change or update to the services available on our website, TRUE may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding such a change or update.  Your demographic data is used to show you content that may be of interest to you, and to help us display the content of our website according to your preferences.

Also, TRUE uses your Personal Information to send you information about our company and select partners.  You may control the receipt of such information; see the choice/opt-out section below. 

**Email Communication**  
We use your email address to help us operate the website by sending appropriate communication to you related to billing and website changes.  We also use your email address to forward communications from other TRUE.com members.  Email communications may contain commercial messaging, such as ads and special offers from TRUE.com or our affiliates.  We may use action tags, also know a single-pixel gif or Web Beacons, to learn more about your visits to this Site in order to provide emails about goods and services of interest to you.  We may also use tracking technologies to determine if you receive and open an email communication and if you click on the email communication to access our website.

TRUE uses our unique triple-blind technology to protect our members' privacy.  Any time a member communicates with another member on our website, we implement a three-step process to ensure that the member's email address is undetectable: 

1.  The member's personal “from” address is stripped and replaced with their TRUE email address.    
2.  The member that is being emailed has their TRUE email address replaced with their personal email address.    
3.  All original email headers are stripped and re-created to show that they originated from TRUE.  This stops a member from tracing the message of origin back to the sender's actual physical location.  No other relationship website goes this extra step. 

These features allow members on TRUE to communicate with their email package of choice without fear of losing anonymity through our website. 

Members may make changes to their email address by clicking on My Account underneath the Tools section in the left navigation.  If TRUE makes changes to its email practices, you will be notified by email or through a prominent notice on our website.

**Bulletin Boards/Chat Rooms**  
If you use a bulletin board, video chat or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.  It is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding, if at all, to reveal Personal Information in these areas.  Users who violate chat room rules, our Terms of Use, our Code of Ethics, or any other policy may be temporarily or permanently banned from accessing our chat rooms and/or our website at any time in our sole discretion.

**Your Financial Information**  
When you initially provide your financial information on TRUE.com, we use that data to bill you for products and services you use, as well as check your qualifications.  If you choose to participate in any discount, rebate or other incentive programs, your financial information disclosure enables your participation as well.  By making a purchase on the website, or accessing any financial transaction or activity on the website, you automatically consent to allowing us to provide your financial information to our service providers, as well as your credit card issuer for their assistance in processing your transaction.  Your financial activity on the website also allows us to contact any other third parties we determine as necessary to process your transactions.  These third parties may include banking facilities and/or credit card institutions used to process and verify your financial transaction.  It is also important to note that occasionally separate third parties offer products and services on the website, and/or administer programs offered on the website.  In those cases, if you purchase, register or make reservations for these products or services offered by the third parties, or participate in programs that are administered by third parties, any financial information you submit is passed by us through the website to those third parties with your full consent, implied by your consent and participation. 

Additionally, if you submit information on a Co-Branded page, or you accessed the page on which you submitted information by clicking a link on a Co-Branded page, then we may share your financial information with that associated Co-Branded company.  Any of these various third parties mentioned above (including Co-Branded companies) may be authorized to use your financial information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties.  The usage of this financial information must also be in accordance with their privacy policies, over which we have no control.  Because of this, you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions.  Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information that you submit to us. 

**Other Co-Branded Services**  
These other "Co-Branded" websites are managed by the companies providing the services.  Any information you provide on these websites is governed by each website's own privacy policy, or the privacy policy of the company providing the services.  Because TRUE.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of these companies, the content of their websites, or the services offered through these Co-Branded websites, we recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites for information about their respective privacy practices.  This section will be updated periodically as TRUE expands to offer exciting new services through the use of co-branded websites. 

**Sweepstakes and Contests**  
Occasionally, TRUE may offer users of TRUE.com the opportunity to enter a sweepstakes or other such contests.  In order to enter the sweepstakes, users will be asked to provide their name and contact information through an online or mail-in registration process.  This information may be used by TRUE.com to initiate a one-time communication with the registrant.  Moreover, the information may be shared with a third-party sweepstakes administrator only for purpose of selecting winners and notifying winners about the prizes they have won.  TRUE will not enter the user in a sweepstakes or contest without his or her consent.  For more information, please see the Official Sweepstakes Rules in place for current contests.  TRUE will not use the information provided by users in a manner inconsistent with the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time such information was provided to TRUE.com without first obtaining the written or email consent of the registered users.

**Corporate Information**  
In addition to the wide array of services offered through TRUE.com, you may also find out more information about TRUE and its affiliated companies through our website.  If the information you are interested in is not available on the website, we encourage you to request further information by completing an information form that requires your name, address and email address.  There is also a place for you to provide your daytime phone number if you wish to have someone from TRUE call you, but this information is optional.  We will use your contact information to reach you regarding your request for information, either by phone or by sending the data to your street address or email address.  Your contact information will be used only for the specific purpose for which you provided it.  TRUE will not share this information with third parties who are not affiliated companies of TRUE. 

**Advertisers**  
Users of TRUE.com should note that when you are on TRUE.com, you may be directed to other websites that are beyond our control.  For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click may take you off the TRUE.com website.  Banner advertisers on TRUE.com do not have access to your Personal Information so long as you remain on our website.  However, these other websites may independently collect data, solicit Personal Information or send their own cookies to you in accordance with their own policies.  TRUE, or its affiliates, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  We strongly encourage you to review the policies of any such third parties to whom you may give Personal Information.  We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf.  In order to make sure that the advertising you may see is relevant to you, these companies may employ cookies and action tags, also known as single-pixel gifs or Web beacons.  Be assured that any information these third parties collect is completely anonymous.  If you do not want these third-party advertisers collecting information about you, [ click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp) to opt out. 

**Cookies**  
Cookies are used to deliver content specific to a user's potential interests and for the administration of passwords, among other purposes.  For example, we also may use cookies to ensure users do not see the same advertisements and product offerings repeatedly.  It is important to note that cookies are not linked to Personal Information.  Since our website is specifically designed to your interests, disabling your browser from accepting cookies will prevent you from accessing many of the features on TRUE.com. 

**Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)**  
Our third party advertising partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a.  Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.  Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.  We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. 

**Your IP Address**  
A user’s IP address is used by most e-commerce websites to collect demographic data and improve service.  We use your IP address, as well as the website you visited prior to our website for much the same purpose.  We automatically gather this information after each visit and translate this information into a resource that we can use to identify and correct problems with our website and better understand our users, as well as continually update and expand our offerings. 

**Limited Access to Personal Information**  
TRUE guards your Personal Information carefully.  The Personal Information that you provide will be used by TRUE to provide you with information about products and services available to you through TRUE and select partners.  TRUE will not disclose Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties without your permission.

Upon your request, TRUE.com will share your Personal Information with its affiliated representatives.  For example, if you need assistance in completing your profile, you may request that an affiliated relationship consultant contact you to review your profile or provide other assistance.  Upon such a request, TRUE.com will forward your name, phone number and other information you authorize to a relationship consultant.  TRUE will not, however, forward any Personal Information without your request to do so.

TRUE may share aggregate Personal Information collected through TRUE.com with non-affiliated third parties.  Aggregate information does not identify you, but rather is based upon a summary of information about all users.  For example, we may tell an advertiser that 100,000 users clicked on a specific link, and out of the 100,000 users, 85% were from Texas.  This aggregate information assists advertisers in determining how they can best promote their products.  We will not tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements.

TRUE will not disclose your Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties without your permission unless we need to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.  TRUE does not sell or rent Personal Information about its users to non-affiliated third parties.  If TRUE intends to share your Personal Information with a non-affiliated third party, we will do so only with your knowledge and consent.

In order to further enhance the safety of our services, TRUE uses third-party public records databases to perform criminal background screenings and requires marriage certifications on our communicating members.  For current lists of covered jurisdictions, [click here.](http://www.true.com/bgcheck_page.htm) These third-party database providers use a limited amount of Personal Information to run the criminal background screenings and marriage certifications, and do not use your Personal Information for marketing purposes.  Following the background screenings, TRUE receives a report of publicly available information from the database providers that determine whether the member "passes" or "fails" the criminal background screening process.

**Security Procedures**  
TRUE recognizes how important and sensitive data is, and that is why we have implemented policies and procedures to preserve the security of your Personal Information.  While TRUE strives to protect the Personal Information and email address you provide through TRUE.com, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, TRUE cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or receive from us through our website and online services.  TRUE.com operates secure data networks that are password-protected and are not available to the public.  When transmitting information between you and TRUE.com, data security is handled through a security protocol called Secured Sockets Layer (SSL).  SSL is an Internet security standard using data encryption and Web server authentication. 

Data encryption is the process of transforming legible information into a complex arrangement of illegible information.  The illegible data is made legible only by a process called "decryption." A mathematical formula known as a "key" is used to encrypt data when it is sent over the Internet, and then to decrypt the data when it is received.  SSL uses a private/public key.  Encryption strength is measured by the length of the key used to encrypt the data; i.e., the longer the key, the more effective the encryption.  Using the SSL protocol, data transmission between you and the TRUE.com server is performed at a standard level of encryption strength. 

An SSL certificate is issued to ensure authentic and accurate identification of a secured Web server.  This translates into a digital ID, or electronic fingerprint, that is included in the key used to encrypt the data.  This ensures that only the intended recipient, TRUE, is able to decrypt the data that you transmit.

TRUE reviews its security policies regarding TRUE.com on a regular basis, and changes are made as necessary.  Only a select group of authorized individuals within TRUE have access to your Personal Information. 

**Availability Policy**  
TRUE recognizes how important it is for you to have access to your Personal Information at any time.  We have implemented a policy specific to Personal Information availability.  Our network will be made available 99% of the time, excluding time for maintenance, backup and other routine services.  In the event of a disaster or other prolonged service interruption, access to system information and other resources will be limited until any problem is corrected.  Should you believe that we are not following our availability policy, please contact Customer Care by [ email](mailto:customercare@TRUE.com?subject=Privacy%20&%20Use%20Policy) or toll free at 1.866.583.TRUE (8783) or 1.214.775.0866. 

**Managing Your Information**  
TRUE also understands that your circumstances and preferences change.  That is why we have simplified the process of amending, updating or deleting your Personal Information. 

**Tell-A-Friend**  
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address.  We will automatically email your friend, inviting him or her to visit the site.  True may store this information to track the success of our referral program.

Your friend will be notified they may contact [customercare@true.com](mailto:customercare@true.com) to request that we remove this information from our database.

**Making Changes**  
Your TRUE.com account information is password protected so that only you have access to this Personal Information.  You may update this Personal Information and email address as necessary by clicking on the appropriate edit option in the My Profile section, which allows you to access and edit your account information, including your opt-in/opt-out choices. 

**Protecting Your Personal Information**  
We strongly recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.  TRUE will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email.  Also, remember to log out of your TRUE.com account and close your browser window when you have finished your session.  This will help to ensure that others cannot access your Personal Information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. 

**Opt-Out**  
If you change your mind about receiving special promotions and other information from TRUE, simply log into TRUE.com, visit your [email options](https://web.archive.org/web/20101120105237id_/http%3A//www.true.com/emailoptions.htm) and specify the types of correspondence you'd like to receive.  You may also opt-out of receiving special promotions and other information from TRUE by following the unsubscribe instructions at the end of the applicable promotional email(s) or by sending an email to [customercare@true.com](mailto:customercare@true.com). 

**Contacting TRUE**  
You may reach us at: 

TRUE.com  
909 Lake Carolyn Pkwy.  Suite 600  
Irving, TX 75039  
Email: [ customercare@TRUE.com](mailto:customercare@TRUE.com?subject=Privacy%20&%20Use%20Policy)  
1.866.583.TRUE (8783) or 1.214.775.0866

  
Last updated on July 1, 2010. 
