> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trulymadly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629184633id_/http%3A//www.trulymadly.com/policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Truly Madly | Home

## PRIVACY POLICY

**Data we collect and usage**

TrulyMadly asks for User"s personal information (email, demographic location and address, age, name, sex, phone number, preference in partner selection, payment details, personality facets, interests when the User registers with the Site.

This information is readily available on the Site and only viewable by the User on logging into the account. The User at all times has the option not to provide this information without agreeing to register with TrulyMadly.

All information collected at the Site to become a Registered User is obtained purely for providing the Services (please review the Terms and Conditions) and to improve the quality of your experience from the Services. 

This privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of TrulyMadly applicable to the handling of the information collected at the Site. 

The User information collected at the Site is of two categories, Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information of the User can be specifically used to identify the User as an individual whereas, the Non-Personally Identifiable Information does not identify the User individually. Specifically, TrulyMadly uses the information collected at the Site for providing high quality Services and suggesting and recommending matches best suited for the User, processing payments, assessing User preference and compatibility aspects. All information collected on the Site could be used to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, collect receivables, measure gauge for surveys on User interest in the Site, inform User about promotions and offers, detecting fraud and other criminal activity, to enforce Terms and Conditions and other related policies. 

By registering with the Site and consenting to Terms and Conditions and related policies at the Site, User agrees and confirms his/ her consent to providing TrulyMadly this information, which is lawful, necessary and permissible. User at all times has the right to withdraw consent by communicating it to TrulyMadly or discontinuing use of the Site and Services offered by TrulyMadly. Upon the User opting outing to withdraw such consent TrulyMadly will not be under any obligations to provide the Services nor will it be liable for the Services provided till then. 

The information the User provides at the Site, may come to TrulyMadly through the following sources:

(a) Log Files. Every time the User visits the Site, TrulyMadly servers automatically gather information from User browser (such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. This information provides an idea of which parts of Site the User visits. Log files are not shared externally. 

(b) Cookies. "Cookies" are used to keep track of some types of information. These are very small files placed on User"s computer, which allow TrulyMadly to count the number of visitors to the Site and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. Cookies allow TrulyMadly to save user preferences and track user trends. Please bear in mind if the user browser is set to reject all cookies, the User"s experience may not be optimum and the Site may not function properly. Cookies are not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information and Users who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality.

(c) Web Beacons. "Web beacons" are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize the Site for Users and to collect a limited set of information about the visitors to the Site. Web beacons could be used in email communications in order to understand the behavior of customers. Web beacons are not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information.

(d) Mobile Analytics. Mobile analytics software could be used to allow TrulyMadly to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on User phone. This software may record information such as how often the User uses the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. This information is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information. 

(e) Information About the User. When the User is a Registered User or a recipient of the Services, then TrulyMadly collects a wide variety of information about the User. For the Services, the User has to provide answers to TrulyMadly Compatibility Assessment. The answers the Users provide is used by the specialists on the panel of TrulyMadly to prepare a personality profile of the User to match it with other compatible partners. All individual responses to the questions about User personality in the TrulyMadly Compatibility Assessment is held strictly confidential, while other non-Personally Identifiable Information (like first name, occupation, height, colour of skin and eyes etc.) is used to build the User"s "My Profile". It is possible that details of marital status, recent log-in date and other profile/account information of the User may be displayed to the User"s recommended matches. All photo(s) or video(s) provided by the User as part of profile content, the User agrees and confirms that these may be made available to User"s matches and users of the Services. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, User personally identifiable information is not disclosed to any third party.

(f) Payment /Purchase Information. To process payment/ purchases, TrulyMadly may require User name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. Such information is used primarily to process User order or as otherwise described herein. TrulyMadly adheres to strict security guidelines with respect to the storage, possession and handling of such information and protecting it against unauthorized access. It is clarified that TrulyMadly **does not** store User"s credit card information. User transaction on TrulyMadly is authorized and being processed by PayU/ HDFC payment gateway/ any other authorized payment gateway directly without any information passing through TrulyMadly. Thus, all information related to credit/ debit card is stored/ held with Our authorized payment gateway. Only information relating to credit/ debit card is stored with TrulyMadly for the cases where Users" are under auto-renewal for the Account and subscription of Services. TrulyMadly, handles the information only in accordance with the provisions of the applicable law as made applicable from time to time and only for the duration lawfully required, thereunder.

(g) E-mails and Telephone Calls. User e-mail address is required while registering for the Services. e-mails are used for both transactional (e.g., confirmation for registration with the Site, credits, notifying of matches) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new services, special discounts, etc.) purposes. 

(h) Mobile Device. If User has registered any mobile device or uses the mobile device to access the Site, then device information may get collected (such as mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system and version information, and IP address.

(i) Demographic Data. Demographic data could be collected on the Site. This data is used to tailor User"s experience at the Site, showing content that which might interest them, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Some of this information may be shared with advertisers on a non-personally identifiable basis.

(i) Online Survey Data. Information may be shared periodically during any voluntary member surveys. Users are encouraged to participate in such surveys as it helps in improving the Services. Survey responses are not linked to personally identifiable information, and all responses are anonymous. 

(j) Information Regarding User Friends. The Site encourages Users to refer a friend for the Services by sending us a friend"s name and email address. This information remains in our database, and such referred person could be sent a one-time e-mail containing User"s name and inviting them to visit the Site. Such e-mail will also include instructions on how to remove their information from TrulyMadly database. User agrees not to abuse this feature by entering names and addresses of those who would not be interested in the Services.

(k) Public Forums. TrulyMadly has a blogging facility on the Site and the blogs on the Site may contain posts which are relevant to dating and relationships and is available to Users and visitors to the Site. Any information that is disclosed in the comments section of the blog section becomes public information and User is expected and confirms that the User shall exercise caution when deciding to disclose any Personally Identifiable Information. To request removal of personal information from any blog, User has to contact TrulyMadly at contact@trulymadly.com. In some cases, TrulyMadly may not be able to remove the information from the blog, in which case TrulyMadly will inform the User of such inability. 

(l) Use for Research. In addition to the uses outlined above, User agrees to allow TrulyMadly to anonymously use the information from User experiences to continue our research into successful relationships. This research, conducted by psychologists and behavior research scientists on the panel of TrulyMadly may be published in academic journals. All responses are kept anonymous, and not published. 

(m) Use for Verification checks. The User is aware that to continue to receive the Services offered at the Site, it has to undertake the mandatory verification checks. The User agrees that information provided for the verification check is true and correct and is being provided voluntarily with complete knowledge of the purpose of its use by TrulyMadly and its authorized third party expert Service Provider for such verification. The Verification Check is conducted solely for the purpose of providing a richer experience in the Services. The verification process is kept anonymous and confidential and not shared with any third party other than authorized entities of TrulyMadly.

**Disclosure of Your Information**

  * Disclosure to User"s Matches. For providing the Services TrulyMadly will disclose User profile information and verification results to recommended/ Suggested matches. Photos and other profile information posted by User will be available for viewing. TrulyMadly could make features available enabling User matches to share User profile information, including photos, with members of their social network(s). User contact information is never shared with User matches.
  * Disclosure By Law. User acknowledges and agrees that TrulyMadly may disclose information User provides if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if in TrulyMadly"s sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend TrulyMadly"s, or a third party"s, rights or property; (3) protect someone"s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person is threatened; or (4) for investigative purposes. 
  * Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties. TrulyMadly may share User"s non-Personally Identifiable Information with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your identity. TrulyMadly may share User Personally Identifiable Information, sometimes in conjunction with non-Personally Identifiable Information, with service providers that may be associated with TrulyMadly. User information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than authorized. In addition, from time to time, TrulyMadly may share e-mails, mailing address etc. with carefully selected third parties, so they can offer goods and services that may be of interest to User. User can at any time change e-mail preferences to not receive such offers.
  * Search Engine. Some portions of User profile may be available to search engine crawlers and therefore may appear in internet search results, but no Personally Identifiable Information will be included in such search results. 


  * Information Transferred As a Result of Sale of Business. TrulyMadly may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, User Personally Identifiable Information may be one of the transferred and acquired assets.



**Links to or Access from Other Sites**

Users may be able to access account or content from third party sites, such as social networking sites, by way of various applications. The privacy policies and practices of such sites in connection with information User discloses on such sites may differ from that on the Site. User is encouraged to review the policies and practices of these sites to ensure that the privacy of the information User submits on their site does not conflict with and is consistent with how User wishes this information to be treated. TrulyMadly is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of any other websites that may provide access to, or be linked to or from, this Site, including that of any social networking sites and third party advertisers whose offerings require User to navigate away from this Site.

**Information Sharing**

TrulyMadly does not rent, sell or share any personal or sensitive information of User other than as mentioned in this Privacy Policy, with any third party.

**Opt-out Provisions**

User has the right to opt-in or opt-out of any marketing/promotional/newsletter mailings. Upon opting out, provisions of this Terms and Conditions and the related policies will become applicable. However, TrulyMadly reserves the right to send service related communication without offering User the facility to opt-out. User can update your account settings and information at any time. At User"s request, TrulyMadly can cancel User registration and remove/block personally identifiable information from it"s database. However, this information may remain in archives even after deletion or termination of User account as required by law and the handling of the same is in accordance with the provisions of the applicable law and as intimated by the government agency from time to time.

**Security Practices**

TrulyMadly follows stringent security techniques and requirements for handling sensitive and personal information. These techniques and requirements are fully compliant with the guidelines set forth under law. TrulyMadly servers are accessible only to authorized personnel. User information logged under the Terms and Conditions is shared with respective personnel only on need to know basis and/ or for the purpose of completing a transaction and/ or to providing Services. All representatives handling information under these provisions are under contractual confidentiality obligation with TrulyMadly. While, TrulyMadly takes every step to safeguard the confidentiality of User personal information, by using the Site, User agrees and confirms that TrulyMadly is not liable for any disclosure due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
