> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trumba.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528221645id_/http%3A//www.trumba.com/connect/about/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Trumba Privacy Policy

###### Last Revised: October 18, 2006

This Web site, located at [www.trumba.com](http://www.trumba.com/), is owned and operated by Trumba Corporation (“Trumba” “we” or “us”) (the “Site”). Trumba provides and hosts for its clients (“Clients”) customizable web calendars (the “Client Calendars”), together with event promotion and registration tools (collectively, the “Client Services”). Client Calendars may be accessed either through the Site or through the Client’s Web sites. Trumba also makes available to end-users who access such Client Calendars (“End-Users”), online calendar, scheduling, reminder, event information and publishing, and email and text messaging services (the “End-User Services”). Together, the Client Services and the End-User Services shall be referred to as the “Service”, which Service may be accessed directly from Trumba or through third party Web sites who publish online calendars hosted by Trumba.

This privacy policy (“Policy”) is designed to tell you how we collect and use personal information (as defined below) so you can make an informed decision about using our Site and our Service. Please read this statement before using our Site or submitting any personal information to us. By using our Service or using or accessing our Site, you represent that you are 13 years old or older and that you consent to the information collection and use practices described herein. **We reserve the right to change the provisions of this privacy policy at any time, but we will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. Your use of the Service or the Site following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes.** We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit our Site or use our Service to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. 

## WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION

As used herein, the term “personal information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a user's name, address, telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number) or that is associated with an identifiable person (such as demographic information or information about a person's activities when such information is linked to personally identifying information). Personal information does not include “aggregate” information, which is data we collect about the use of the Service or the Site or categories of Site users, from which any personal information has been removed. For example, information that forty-seven percent of the Site's registered users identify themselves as male, but without identifying any specific individuals as male, is aggregate information. We collect aggregate data for a number of purposes, including to help us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new publications, products and services, and tailor existing publications, products and services to user desires. This policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information.

## WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 

Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site or use the various services and activities available on our Site. At several places on our Site, we may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information. For example, if you register for a free trial, subscribe to or use our Service, apply for a job, fill out an online form, create or update a calendar or submit a comment or complaint, we may collect your name, address, phone, cell phone and email and other contact information, as well as demographic and other personal information provided in connection therewith. You may also provide us with credit card information in connection with payment for subscriptions, events and other purchases through the Site, which is only used to process the transaction. If you subscribe to a calendar, request event reminders, request or download event information, or request any other action regarding an event or calendar entry published through the Service (each an “Event Action”) we may collect your name, email address, cell phone number and other personal information that you may provide in connection with such Event Action. In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information in connection with your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, games, promotional offers, and forums and other interactive areas of the Site as well as in any email request you send us for any reason.

When you visit our Site, some information is also automatically collected through the use of log files, such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site and your activity on the Site. We use this information for purposes such as analyzing trends, administering the Site, improving customer service, diagnosing problems with our servers, tracking user movement, and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history. If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personally identifying information, we would treat this information as personal information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions. However, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, you will not be able to sign in and will not be able to access certain Site features or Service. 

## HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT? 

In general, we use personal information we collect to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information, products and services you request, to inform you about other publications, information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest, to administer and assist us with the operation of the Site, the Service and our business, and for the purpose for which the information was provided. For example, we may use the information we collect: 

  * to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Site and the Service or about the calendar you have subscribed to, such as for administrative purposes or to provide you with customer service;
  * to send you emails, text messages or other communications to remind you of or provide you information regarding events or other calendar entries or to otherwise respond to your Event Actions, 
  * to provide you with the services, products or information you requested and to complete any transactions in connection therewith;
  * to respond to your emails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints;
  * to request feedback and to enable us to develop, customize and improve the Site and our publications, products and the Service;
  * to contact you about our services, products, training, activities or special events or offers and for other internal marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes; 
  * to send you information from or about Trumba partners (if you have indicated your interest in receiving such information);
  * to notify contest winners; and 
  * for the specific purpose for which the information was provided.



We may also receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, and may combine this information with the other personal information we have about you. In such cases, this Policy governs our use and disclosure of such information. 

## WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?

We do not sell, share, or rent any personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Policy without first obtaining your consent. We may provide aggregate information to third parties without your authorization. In addition, we may share personal information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers (“Service Providers”) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and our business and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us. For example, we may use credit card processing companies to process payments. We inform our Service Providers that any such information we provide may only be used to carry out their work for us. We are not responsible for any information you provide to these parties directly, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to such third parties with which you come into contact. 

When you subscribe to, request an Event Action relating to, or otherwise provide personal information in connection with a Client Calendar, we may share your name, email and any other personal information you provide in connection therewith with the publisher of that Client Calendar. For example, if you register for an event listed in a Client Calendar, we will provide the personal information you provide in connection with such registration, such as your name, address, phone number, email and payment information, to the publisher of the Client Calendar. Such publisher may use the personal information provided in a variety of ways, including without limitation sending you emails either directly or through the Service, and such use is not governed by this Privacy Policy. We do not control or take any responsibility for, and we are in no way liable for, the use of such information, or any other information, by the publishers of Client Calendars to which you subscribe or in connection with which you perform Event Actions. We suggest you only subscribe to or perform Event Actions in connection with Client Calendars published by people or entities that you are familiar with and with whom you are comfortable sharing this information. Personal information that you post to public areas of the Site, such as in published public calendars, forums or any other interactive areas, or other information that is provided for the purpose of being shared may be made publicly available and can potentially be viewed by anyone. When creating a calendar to be accessed on the Site, please note that calendars are public unless you choose to restrict access via Trumba privacy setting. Your posting to such public areas of the Site constitutes your consent to share such information publicly. Personal information contained in unpublished calendars may also be shared with third parties to whom you have granted access to such calendars. 

We also may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this privacy policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our customers' rights, property or safety; to protect our customers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Site or our Service; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of personal information. In addition, information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt or equity financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of the Company.

Please note: The Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies of any web site that collects personally identifiable information. Similarly, if you entered this Site or accessed the Service through another Web site (including any site on which a Client Calendar appears), we are also not responsible for the privacy practices of that site, and you should review the privacy policy of the originating site before providing any personal information to that site or providing any information to us in connection with such Client Calendar. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by us and how we use and share such information.

## WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION ONLINE? 

Trumba endeavors to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure by putting into place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect through this Site. For example, only a limited set of employees have access to user accounts for the purpose of customer service, and accounts and log data are not viewed by a human being unless there is a security, audit or internal business purpose. When we collect credit card information, we use a secure server with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption software. Additionally, your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. To protect the confidentiality of your personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately by emailing us at [privacy@corp.trumba.com](mailto:privacy@corp.trumba.com) if you believe your password has been misused. You should also note that email is not secure, and you should not send any confidential or sensitive information to us via an unsecured email. 

## WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION? 

You may “opt out” of receiving email from Trumba by so indicating at the time of registration, by accessing the “Account Settings” page, by emailing us at [privacy@corp.trumba.com](mailto:privacy@corp.trumba.com) or by sending us a request by mail to the address set forth at the end of this Policy. By “opting out” of receiving email, you would not receive marketing or promotional communications from us, calendar update email messages that are sent through us, email reminders (even if you set up such reminder) or other emails, except for Service related emails. We also provide unsubscribe links within the emails we send that may be used to opt out of such communications. Please note that “opt out” set forth in the Policy applies only to Trumba, and will not affect the use of your personal information by the publisher of a Client Calendar.

## COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13

This Site is not directed to children under 13, and the Service is only available to users who are at least 13 years old. By registering for or subscribing to the Service or by using the Site or the Service, users represent to us that they are 13 or over, and we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone we actually know is under 13 years of age. 

## HOW CAN YOU CORRECT AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or the practices relating to this Site or the Service, or you wish to verify, correct or delete any personal information we have collected, please contact us at [privacy@corp.trumba.com](mailto:privacy@corp.trumba.com), and we will endeavor to respond to your inquiry or to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided us as you indicate to the extent possible. You may also delete certain information by closing your account. However, please note that in certain circumstances, we may not be able to remove or change certain information, even in the event an account is closed. For example, we may be required to retain certain information, such as credit card billing information, for a certain period of time, and it may be necessary to retain certain information in order to complete any services or transactions with us. In lieu of email, you may also contact us by mail at the following address: 

Trumba Corporation  
Attn: Privacy Policy  
1200 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1750  
Seattle, WA 98101   

