> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gifts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201165055id_/http%3A//www.gifts.com/company/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Gifts.com

|   | 

Your Privacy Rights

Effective Date of Current Policy: October 1, 2013

Overview

Giftco, LLC dba Gifts.com ("Gifts.com", "we" or "us"), is committed to keeping our users informed about how we use the information we gather from you through the use of the gifts.com website, any subdomain thereof including store.gifts.com (collectively, our "Sites").

Please read this privacy policy ("Policy") carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will not share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Policy. Changes to this Policy will be announced on each of our Sites at least ten (10) days in advance, so please check back periodically. By using any of the Sites or obtaining any product or service through any of the Sites, you agree to the collection and use of information as set forth in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use any of the Sites. This Policy is incorporated into, and considered part of, our Terms of Service available at <http://www.gifts.com/company/terms-of-service>. Capitalized terms not defined herein are defined in the Terms of Service. 

Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to [contact@gifts.com](mailto:contact@gifts.com) or we may also be contacted directly at the following address:

Attn: Office of the General Counsel  
Giftco, LLC c/o Provide Commerce, Inc.  
4840 Eastgate Mall   
San Diego, CA 92121  


This Policy will explain the following regarding use of each of our Sites:

  1. What information does Gifts.com collect from you or about you?
  2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it? 
  3. Who is collecting your information?
  4. With whom do we share your information? 
  5. How may you update, correct or delete your Personally Identifiable Information? 
  6. What are your choices regarding marketing correspondence?
  7. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information under our control? 
  8. How are cookies and clear GIFs used on our Sites?
  9. How do we treat information related to children and privacy? 
  10. How does this Policy apply to third- party co-branded or private label websites accessible from our Sites? 
  11. How can you contact us about privacy questions or concerns? 
  12. How are changes to this Policy handled? 



1\. What information does Gifts.com collect from you or about you? 

In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, each of our Sites collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our Sites. 

_Personally Identifiable Information_ : "Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information is requested when you register with us, order a product or service, fill out surveys, participate in contests or sweepstakes, correspond with us, or otherwise volunteer information, for instance, through the use of one of our greeting, hint or reminder services or to request a catalog. Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, and other identification and contact information. If you are using a greeting, email a friend, hint or reminder service on one of our Sites, we may ask you to provide the name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, age, date of birth, anniversary date or other personal annuity date of you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties, and certain holiday information that may reveal oneÕs religious background, so that we may send them or you an email, hint or reminder about an event that could be made more special with the gift of our products. We may also collect certain financial information, like your credit card number (or a check or money order if using such payment method while ordering via mail); whenever we do so, we will attempt to provide a link to this Policy so that you can confirm how this information will be used. With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services. You also may have the option of importing i nformation into certain Sites from third-party software. This information may include the types of information described above, as well as other types of information that you have entered into these third-party programs.

_Non Personally Identifiable Information_ : "Non Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that does not identify a specific individual by itself or in combination with other information. We may gather certain information about you such as age, date of birth, gender, anniversary date or other personal annuity date of you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties, certain holiday information that may reveal oneÕs religious background, as well as consumer purchasing information based upon where you shop on any one of our Sites. This information may be compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the websiteÕs Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the Internet. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the Internet. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet, allowing Internet servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.

2\. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?

Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide our visitors with a superior customized online experience. Among other things, we use user contact information to fill orders, contact prior purchasers to inform them of their order status, to trace false orders, to remind users of events through our reminder service(s), to send our usersÕ friends or loved ones greetings, emails or hints to send our products through a greeting, email a friend or hint service, and to send service emails, newsletters, and promotional emails from us or third parties. We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate or segmented user behavior. This allows us to measure relative user interest in the various areas of each of our Sites for product development purposes and to improve the design of our Sites. We may also use information to notify users about updates to our Sites, to complete user initiated transactions, to trace false orders and to contact users directly, or through our third-party service partners, for marketing purposes. In addition, we may seek to update you or your recipientsÕ personal information in our records through third party services that provide updated names, emails, addresses, phone numbers, birth dates and other information. We may then use this acquired information to enhance our services or marketing efforts to you or your recipients. 

_Shopping and browsing_ : We collect certain information from visitors while shopping and browsing on our Sites for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our Sites. We collect information from visitors to each of our Sites regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to any one of our Sites, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, and the pages of any one of our Sites that you viewed during your visit. 

_Ordering_ : When you order from us, we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone or mobile number, product selections, credit card number (or check or money order information if using such payment methods while ordering via mail), order number, referring URL, IP address and a password, as well as the recipientÕs name, address, telephone or mobile number and email address. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you or the recipient (as appropriate) about your order ("Operational Emails"), to send you newsletters and promotional emails (as described below), and trace false orders. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. If you cancel an order or do not complete an order we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order. Please note that our Operational Emails about your order may contain some additional marketing offers from us or our trusted third party partners. Should you not wish to receive such Operational Emails from us, please do not order products from us or our Sites. If you have supplied us with your telephone number(s) you may receive telephone calls from us with information or requests for information regarding an order you have placed.

_Track/Modify Order_ : If you use our Track & Modify Your Order service we will gather your email address and account password, if you have one, in order to locate your order so that we may give our most recent tracking information, or so that you may modify the order. If you choose to modify your order, we may collect information that we would normally collect when you order products, as explained in the above paragraph. 

_Notices to Recipients_ : If you are a recipient of an order placed by a third party we may send one or more emails regarding the order, including regarding customer service issues. In addition, we may send you newsletters and promotional emails to the extent permitted by applicable laws. We may also telephone you regarding the shipment of your order. 

_Corporate Account_ : When you set up a corporate account with us or when you contact us to inquire about corporate programs (either via email, telephone, letter or our online web forms), we collect, for example, your name, company name, email and telephone or mobile number. We may send you newsletters and promotional emails (as described below). Upon signing up for a corporate account we will contact you by either email or telephone to determine how we can best serve your corporate needs. We will also give you the opportunity to receive periodic updates regarding our corporate services. If you make purchases through your corporate account we shall gather similar information that we gather when you order as an individual, plus certain information regarding your corporation. 

_Surveys and Polling_ : In order to improve our services to you, we may ask some of our users or product recipients to voluntarily complete surveys online or via telephone, which may be collected by an independent third-party. Individual survey answers are confidential, although Non Personally Identifiable Information may be collected and disclosed to third parties. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.

_Contests and Sweepstakes_ : We may from time to time conduct contests, sweepstakes or other promotions. Users who choose to participate may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information. That information may then be used by us for such purposes as notifying winners and fulfilling promotional obligations as well as providing newsletters and promotional emails (as described below). 

_Newsletters & Promotional Emails_: We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites, our affiliated websites, or from our third party partners, as a service to our prior users from any of our Sites. We may send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current specials and deals from us or through our third party service partners. There may be opportunities to subscribe to an email list that will send you information about the events on our Sites, but we will only add you to the list with your consent. You may opt out of receiving any such newsletters and promotional emails as described below. 

_Cookies/Clear GIFs_ : In conjunction with our third-party service partners, we make limited use of cookies and clear GIFs to gather information when you visit any one of our Sites, make a purchase and when you click through to any one of our Sites from a targeted email, newsletter or partner site. We may also use cookies and clear GIFs to gather and compile such information about you when you return to our Sites so that we may better customize our services to you. To find out what cookies and clear GIFs are and how they can be used, please refer to Section 8 of this Policy below. 

_Other Information You Provide_ : If you contact us by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with any one of our Sites, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you provide us feedback through any one of our Sites, by email or by calling one of our user service representatives, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or purchases on any one of our Sites, or if you are the recipient of products sent by another user, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. If you are using a greeting, hint or reminder service on one of our Sites, we may ask you to provide the name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, age, date of birth, anniversary date or other personal annuity date of you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties, and certain holiday information that may reveal oneÕs religious background, so that we may send them or you a hint or reminder about an event that could be made more special with the gift of our products. We store this information for the purpose of sending one or more emails in connection with such an event. 

_Greeting, Hint and Reminder Services_ : If you choose to use a greeting, email a friend, hint or reminder service on one of our Sites, we may ask for and store the name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, age, date of birth, gender, other identification and contact information, anniversary date or other personal annuity date of you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties, and certain holiday information that may reveal oneÕs religious background, so that we may send them or you a hint or reminder about an event that could be made more special with the gift of our products. We store this information for the purpose of sending one or more electronic newsletters or promotional emails in connection with such an event. Misuse of our greeting or email a friend service by providing false email addresses or posing as someone else when sending a greeting or email may result in legal action and the disclosure of information about you, including your computerÕs IP address, as part of any investigation into your actions.

_Affiliate and Partnership Programs_ : Where applicable, you may purchase products from us through a link on one of our affiliatesÕ ("Affiliates") websites. We pay each Affiliate a commission, or a portion of the sales made to those who link to our Site(s) from the AffiliateÕs site. Some of our Affiliates may run a "rewards" or "charity" program (the "Programs"). Under these Programs, participants receive credits based on the commissions an Affiliate receives from sites such as ours. If you come to our Sites through an AffiliateÕs site, make a purchase from us, and you are a participant in such Programs, we may share your name, email address and the value of your purchases, including that data necessary for Affiliates to credit participants with purchases made under their Program, with a third-party service partner, primarily Commission Junction, which collects data for our standard Affiliate program. In addition to Commission Junction, we may also share such information with other third-party Affiliates if you have registered with their affiliate, affinity or rewards Programs, and that Affiliate has made sales for you, processed your order and/or if such third-party Affiliate directed you to one of our Sites.

_Co-Branded or Private Label Sites_ : From time to time we may operate a co-branded or private label website with a third part. With respect to our co-branded or private label sites maintained by us in conjunction with our business partners, we may share information collected by us to our business partners under our separate agreements with them. These business partners may use your personal information to communicate with you about offers from us as well as offers from such partners. If you opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails from us, you will automatically opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails from such business partners through their use of personal information which we collected from you on our co-branded sites and which we provided to such business partners. We may ask you to share your information with our business partners via an opt in or opt out request on such sites. Please note that with respect to personal information our third-party business partners may collect from you independent of us and outside the scope of co-branded or private label sites maintained by us on our servers, we will have no control over the use of such information by such third-party business partners and the use and gathering of such data will be subject to the third party's privacy policies.

_Registering for an Affiliate Program_ : In event we start an Affiliate Program and you would like to register for our such program, please visit the link provided at the bottom of our Sites. In order to join our Affiliate Program, you must join the Commission Junction Network, or a successor affiliate network provider, and agree to the associated terms and conditions. Information submitted to us, directly or via an affiliate network provider (e.g., Commission Junction), as part of an Affiliate Program shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the Affiliate Program.

_Non Personally Identifiable Information_ : We use Non Personally Identifiable Information to analyze request usage patterns, and other user behavior so that we may enhance our Sites, products and services, and for our marketing purposes. For example, this allows us to measure relative user interest in the various areas of each of our Sites for product development purposes and to improve the design of our Sites. We also may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and software and to administer our Sites. We reserve the right to use and disclose Non Personally Identifiable Information to any third-party in our discretion. For example, we may share aggregated or segmented statistics about pages viewed on our Sites and sales and other shopping information with third parties. 

_Visiting our Sites from outside the United States_ : This Policy is intended to cover collection of information on the Sites from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our Sites, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. 

_Blogs / Reviews_ : We may provide areas on our Sites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Service. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post publically, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information.

3\. Who is collecting your information? 

Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Policy, we are the only entity collecting your information. This Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to others. 

_Third-Party Service Providers_ : We may utilize third party services and software to operate our Sites, including the operation of our store and other areas of the Sites which collect both Personally Identifiable Information and Non Personally Identifiable Information. Unless otherwise stated on a particular form or webpage, such third party service providers collect such information pursuant to this Policy. 

_Third-Party Advertising Service Partners_ : We may utilize third-party advertising service partners that may collect information about you on our behalf through the use of cookies or clear GIFs when you click on its advertisements, open promotional emails or newsletters, or visit our Sites via a link on another website or in a promotional email or newsletter. Any Personally Identifiable Information that may be gathered in this manner is solely for our use; however, the third-party advertising service partner may use this information in a non personally identifiable form for its own purposes. 

_Third-Party Survey Providers_ : From time to time, we may utilize the services of third-party survey providers that may collect Personally Identifiable Information from you for certain services, including voluntary surveys that are conducted on our behalf and certain of our reminder services. This may include information regarding you, as well as third parties about whom you provide information. If you chose to participate in these surveys, or use these services, this Personally Identifiable Information may be stored on the servers of the third-party survey providers used by us, but this Personally Identifiable Information will remain the sole property of us and will be handled in accordance with this Policy. 

_Other Third-Party Service Providers_ : In some circumstances we utilize third-party providers to provide other services. Unless otherwise disclosed to you, any such third-party providers collect information from you solely on our behalf. 

_Third-Party Traffic Tracking Providers_ : In addition, we may employ one or more third-party service partners that track the traffic on our Sites. However, the only information that may be gathered by such third parties is Non Personally Identifiable Information, with the exception of email addresses. 

4\. With whom do we share your information? 

Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Sites to others. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information with our group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) and third-parties as described below. 

_Third-Party Service Providers_ : We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our third-party service providers for tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, improve the functionality of our Sites, customize our marketing efforts with you and perform statistical and data analyses, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us, or to provide us other services we request. These third parties may not use your Personally Identifiable Information other than to provide the services requested by us. 

For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment and release your mailing address information to the delivery service providers to deliver products that you ordered. We also share website usage information we gather from visitors to our Sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with our third-party advertising service partner for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party service partners note some of the pages you visit on any one of our Sites through the use of clear GIFs. 

_Direct Marketing Companies_ : From time to time we may disclose certain information (names, postal addresses and non-sensitive transactional information such as your purchase history, amounts paid and products ordered) to direct marketing companies for trade or rental purposes. You may opt out of this disclosure as described below.

_Your California Privacy Rights_. In certain circumstances under California law, consumer users of Gifts.com are entitled to certain information regarding any personally identifiable information (as defined by certain California laws) we may share with direct marketing companies. Personally identifiable information generally is defined under California law as information that identifies specifics about an individual and can be used to identify, contact, or locate an individual including that individualÕs name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address and other identification and contact information. If you are an eligible user of Gifts.com and would like to receive a list detailing the types of personally identifiable information we share with direct marketing companies and the names and addresses of all direct marketing companies that we provide personally identifiable information to, please email us at [info@customercare.providecommerce.com](mailto:info@customercare.providecommerce.com). We will respond to any request for information at such email address within thirty (30) days. 

_Non Personally Identifiable Information_ : We may provide Non Personally Identifiable Information, including aggregated or segmented statistics about our users, sales, traffic patterns, and related Site information, to third parties.

_Friends and Other Third Parties You Select_ : If you are using a greeting, email a friend, hint or reminder service on one of our Sites, then you may have the option of sharing your Personally Identifiable Information, as well as information that you have entered regarding third parties, with others. If you share this information with third parties, these parties may disclose or use this information in ways not described in this Policy. 

_Recipient Requests_ : From time to time we are contacted by gift recipients who ask us who the sender was. If we receive a request from a recipient asking who sent a gift we will provide the name and any other information as contained on the gift message accompanying the gift. If there is no gift message filled out or if there is no name on the gift message we may ask the sender via email. If we receive approval to disclose the senderÕs name from the sender via email or in writing, we will then inform the recipient. If the sender does not reply via email or in writing or if the sender denies permission, then we will not reveal the senderÕs identity to the recipient. 

_Third-Party Partner Companies_ : If you provide any of our third-party partner companies with consent for Gifts.com to provide your Personally Identifiable Information to such company, then we will provide such information to them. You acknowledge and agree that we may rely on the third-party companyÕs representation that it has received such consent. 

_Enforcement of Law and Other Disclosures_ : We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us or to protect or defend the rights, property, or safety of our users, others and ourselves. For example, we may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Service or to protect or defend the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves. We may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. 

_Merger and Acquisitions_ : In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of any one or more of the Sites, one of the assets that would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our visitors and users (including both financial records and consumer information). However, the use of this information by any successor entity would still be governed by the terms of this Policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction. 

5\. How may you update, correct or delete your Personally Identifiable Information? 

_Information About You_ : During the online ordering process you can review, change or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change your personal information in your account(s) online at any time. You may ask us in writing via mail or email at [info@customercare.providecommerce.com](mailto:info@customercare.providecommerce.com) to have the information on your account deleted, updated or corrected; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. We may also be required by law or otherwise to keep certain information and therefore will not delete it or will delete it only after we have fulfilled the applicable requirements. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes. 

_Information About Others_ : As described above, if you are using a greeting, hint or reminder service on one of our Sites, we may ask you to provide certain information about you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties. You, the loved one, friend, family member, or other third-party, may contact us at [contact@gifts.com](mailto:contact@gifts.com) to request the removal of such information from our database.

6\. What are your choices regarding marketing correspondence? 

_Our Newsletters and Promotional Emails_ : You will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites or our affiliated websites. Once we have processed your request, we will not send you promotional emails with respect to products and/or services offered by us through the particular Site(s) of which you had opted out unless you opt back in to receiving such communications. If you make a purchase or an attempted purchase on one of our Sites, you will be opted back in to our newsletters and promotional communications until you opt out or unsubscribe once again. 

You can opt out of receiving newsletters, promotions, non-transactional related emails or phone calls from us either (a) by following the unsubscribe instructions in the applicable email you receive from us (if applicable), (b) while you are completing our online web form (if applicable), (c) by calling us at 888-612-3303, or (d) by sending an email to us at unsubscribe@gifts.comYour opt out request will be processed within ten (10) business days. 

_Our Operational Emails_ : Despite your choices regarding promotional emails, we may continue to send you Operational Emails. Please note that our Operational Emails about your order may contain some additional marketing offers from us or our trusted third-party partners, but the primary purpose of such Operational Emails is to inform you about your order. Should you not wish to receive such Operational Emails from us, please do not order products from us or our Sites. 

If we send you a communication requesting your consent or permission (a "consent") in connection with this Policy or our Terms of Service (including a consent to modifications thereto), such consent is deemed to be given unless (a) you contact us to withhold such consent within the time stated in the communication ("opt out") or (b) applicable law expressly prohibits an opt out with respect to such request for consent. 

7\. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information under our control? 

We employ reasonable security measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. Our servers protect this information using password protection and advanced encryption, and we may use firewall technology for additional protection. 

In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. Furthermore, all of the user data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means.

We also encourage our partners and service providers to adopt and follow stringent consumer privacy policies.

8\. How are cookies and clear GIFs used on our Sites? 

_Cookies_ : Like many other commercial sites, our Sites utilize standard technologies called "cookies" and clear GIFs to collect information about how each of our Sites is used, and provide direct personalized marketing from Gifts.com and our group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates). A cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computerÕs hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies were designed to help a website recognize a userÕs browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a userÕs password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of our Sites and place an order. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.

We send a cookie to your hard drive when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No Personally Identifiable Information is recorded. When you click through to any one of our Sites from a promotional email, our third-party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information. For additional information about third party advertising, including a method of opting-out of such advertising, click here. 

We may allow third-parties, including advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you. The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party's privacy policy. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies ([www.networkadvertising.org](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201165055id_/http%3A//www.gifts.com/company/www.networkadvertising.org)).

_Clear GIFs_ : At times, we work with third-party service partners that employ clear GIFs (also known as pixel tags, single pixel GIFs, web beacons or action tags) for our benefit or the benefit of a third-party to help us or such third-party measure advertising effectiveness. Clear GIFs help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us of what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of our users. The main difference between the two is that clear GIFs are i nvisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.

These third-party service partners use clear GIFs: (i) in HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients; (ii) to record when products have been ordered from our Sites; and (iii) to track the visitor traffic on our Sites. These clear GIFs allow us to measure the usage of each of our Sites by our visitors and the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns. We may also use clear GIFs in a similar manner in our own emails and on our Sites.

Clear GIFs can "work with" existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same website or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited "www.companyX.com", which uses an advertising companyÕs clear GIF, the website would match the clear GIFs identifier and the advertising companyÕs cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information can be shared with the advertising company. We do, at times, provide such information to our third-party advertising service partners, but that information can only be used by our partner for our benefit. 

9\. How do we treat information related to children and privacy? 

The ChildrenÕs Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000, and imposes certain requirements on websites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on websites that know they are collecting Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. We want to let you know that it currently is our policy not to collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person under 13 because children are not permitted to use the Sites or services on the Sites, and we request that children under 13 not submit any personal information to us via the Sites. As one measure to ensure that we do not gather Personally Identifiable Information from children, we require that all individuals provide a valid credit card number before completing a purchase order. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13, we shall erase such information from our records and terminate the applicable account. Our greeting, hint or reminder services are designed not to gather birthdates (with years) or other personal information directly from children under 13. However, there may be instances where you will be allowed to enter birthdates (with years) for children under 13 while using one of our greeting, hint or reminder services whereby no Personally Identifiable Information, other than name, may be linked to such child. This process is designed so that we will not knowingly market to such children under 13 while being able to provide you with increased functionality for our greeting, hint or reminder services. 

10\. How does this Policy apply to third-party, co-branded or private label websites accessible from our Sites?

Other sites accessible through any of our Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each siteÕs privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our Sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to our Sites are not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit Personally Identifiable Information. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our Sites may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies or clear GIFs. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect. 

We also may have co-branded websites or private labeled websites that are maintained by us in connection with one or more of our third-party business partners but which sites do not contain this Policy or a link to this Policy. When you submit information to one of these websites, the websites may share your information with Gifts.com and our third-party business partners or just with our third-party business partner. Note that these websites may contain, or link to, privacy policies that contain terms and conditions different than those contained in this Policy. Again, this Policy only pertains to the information Gifts.com collects from the Sites and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of our business partners. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those co-branded and private labeled sites so that you will always know what information we gather and what information is gathered by our third-party business partner, how each of us might use that information, to whom each of us will disclose it and what choices you have. 

11\. How can you contact us about privacy questions or concerns?

If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of any of our Sites, or your dealings with any of our Sites, please contact us by sending a letter to: Office of the General Counsel, Giftco, LLC c/o Provide Commerce, Inc., 4840 Eastgate Mall, San Diego, CA 92121, or by sending an email to [info@customercare.providecommerce.com](mailto:info@customercare.providecommerce.com).

12\. How are changes to this Policy handled? 

This Policy was last changed on October 1, 2013. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Policy, the changes will be posted on this portion of the Sites so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, to whom we will disclose it and what choices you have. Any change, modification, addition or removal of portions of this Policy will be announced on our Sites at least ten (10) days before it is implemented. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use any of our Sites.   
  
---|---|---
