> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the x.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020603155316id_/http%3A//www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr%3Fcmd%3Dp/gen/privacy-outside) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PayPal - Privacy Policy

**Required Information**  
To open a PayPal account, you must provide your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. In order to make payments through PayPal, you must provide credit card, debit card or bank account information (bank account information is required to make payments totaling more than $1,000). We also ask you to choose two different security questions to answer (such as your city of birth or your pet’s name) This required information is necessary for us to process transactions, issue a new password if you forget or lose your password, protect you against credit card fraud and checking account fraud, and to contact you should the need arise in administering your account. 

If you enroll in the optional sweep of your funds into the PayPal Money Market Fund, we are required to collect your Social Security Number (“SSN”) or other Taxpayer Identification Number (“TIN”). In order to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act, we will also require your SSN or TIN if you send or receive certain high-value transactions or high overall payment volumes through PayPal. If you choose to register or apply for certain optional features or products offered through PayPal Web sites, such as listing your business in PayPal Shops, or applying for the PayPal Visa® credit card or the PayPal MasterCard® debit card, you will be required to provide additional information to establish that you qualify for such features or products. 

**Transaction Information**  
When you use PayPal to send money to someone else or request money from someone else, we ask you to provide information related to each transaction, including the amount of the transaction, the type of transaction (purchase of goods, purchase of services, or simple money transfer (“quasi-cash”)) and the e-mail address of the third party. We retain this information for each of your transactions through PayPal. We also collect the Internet address (IP address) of the computer or device you use to access your PayPal account, in order to help detect possible instances of unauthorized transactions. 

**Information About You From Third Parties**  
In order to protect all our customers against potential fraud, we verify with third parties the information you provide. In the course of such verification, we receive personally identifiable information about you from such services. In particular, if you register a credit card or debit card with PayPal, we will use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to PayPal, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen. 

If you register your online business with PayPal Shops or if you send or receive high overall payment volumes through PayPal, in some circumstances we will conduct a background check on your business by obtaining information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service such as Dun & Bradstreet. If you incur a debt to PayPal, we will generally conduct a credit check on you by obtaining additional information about you from a credit bureau, to the extent permitted by law. 

**Additional Verification**  
If we cannot verify the information that you provide, or if you request a withdrawal by check to an address other than your verified credit card billing address, we ask you to send us additional information by fax (such as your drivers’ license, credit card statement, and/or a recent utility bill or other information linking you to the applicable address), or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information. 

**Web Site Traffic Information**  
Because of the way that World Wide Web communication standards work, when you arrive at or leave the PayPal Web site, we automatically receive the Web address of the site that you came from or are going to. We also collect information on which pages of our Web site you visit while you are on the PayPal site, the type of browser you use and the times you access our Web site. We use this information only to try to understand our customers’ preferences better and to manage the load on our servers, so as to improve our service and your experience with PayPal. We do not track the Web sites that you visit before or after you leave the PayPal site. 

**Our Use of “Cookies”**  
”Cookies” are small files of data that we send to your computer to allow us to recognize you as a PayPal customer if you return to the PayPal site using the same computer and browser. We send a "session cookie" to your computer if and when you log in to your PayPal account by entering your e-mail address and password. These cookies allow us to recognize you if you visit multiple pages in our site during the same session, so that you don’t need to re-enter your password multiple times. Once you log out or close your browser, these session cookies expire and no longer have any effect. 

We also use longer-lasting cookies to display your e-mail address on our sign-in form, so that you don't have to retype the e-mail address each time when you log in to your PayPal account. In addition, we use cookies to process our referral program, described in Section C below. Our cookie files are encoded so that your e-mail address and other information can only be interpreted by PayPal. We may, however, share cookie information regarding whether or not a certain user is already registered with PayPal with certain merchants with whom we have an official co-marketing relationship. 

**Customer Service Correspondence**  
If you send us correspondence, including e-mails and faxes, we retain such information in the records of your account. We will also retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from PayPal to you. We retain these records in order to measure and improve our customer service, and to investigate potential fraud and violations of our User Agreement. We may, over time, delete these records if permitted by law. 

**Questionnaires, Surveys and Profile Data**  
From time to time, we offer optional questionnaires and surveys to our users for such purposes as collecting demographic information or assessing users' interests and needs. The use of the information collected will be explained in detail in the survey itself. If we collect personally identifiable information from our users in these questionnaires and surveys, the users will be given notice of how the information will be used prior to their participation in the survey or questionnaire. 

**Non-member Recipients and Requests**  
When a member either sends a payment to, or requests a payment from, an individual who is not a registered member of PayPal, we will retain the information that the member submits to us, including, for example, the other party's email address and/or name, for the benefit of the member who is attempting to contact the non-member, so that the member can see a complete record of his or her transactions, including uncompleted transactions. Although this information is stored indefinitely, we will not market to the non-member in any way at any time. Additionally, these non-members have the same rights to access and correct information about themselves (assuming that their email addresses were correct enough to reach them) as anyone else who uses PayPal.
