> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adopt.media privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190509212436id_/http%3A//www.adopt.media/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Adopt Media

**Privacy Policy**

Adopt Media is a digital advertising technology Company. Adopt Media provides a technology that places advertising onto our marketplace of publishers’ websites and software. We also have a platform that helps us understand how users interact with our technology. We provide both our advertiser and publisher clients with access to the platform so they can understand user interactions with our technologies as well.  
Adopt Media (“Adopt Media” or “we”) respects the privacy concerns of the users of its website, (the “Website”). Adopt Media thus provides this privacy policy to explain what information is gathered during a visit to the Website and through our services and how such information may be used.

**Use of Information:**  
As a general policy no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, is automatically collected from your visit to the Website. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of Adopt Media’ Internet servers. Information such as, general clickstream behavior, the type of browser being used, its operating system, your IP address, and information about your geographic location derived from your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience. Adopt’s advertising products collect this information only from websites and software on which our advertising products are enabled. Additionally, we may engage with certain third parties that provide additional information or additional services on demographics, geography, interest areas or advertising that we, or they, may leverage in selecting ads to display to consumers. For further information regarding use of Google analytics tools, please see below.  
We use the information that we collect via our technology to understand and analyze the way our users interact with our technologies, to serve more relevant advertising, to improve the way our technologies and platform operate, and for ad delivery and reporting purposes. Adopt Media may disclose automatically collected and other aggregate _non-personally-identifiable_ information with interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the website or via its services.

**Specific uses of information on this Website may include:**  
Adopt Media’s Inquiry Form – The Website contains an “inquiry form” for web publishers and advertisers to request additional information about Adopt Media’ products/services. The inquiry form requires web publishers and advertisers to give contact information (such as name and email address). Adopt Media uses this information to contact web publishers and advertisers about the services on the Website in which they have expressed interest. Web publishers have the option to provide information (such as website address and vertical sector) to Adopt Media. Adopt Media encourages them to submit this information so we can provide them a more customized reply to their inquiry.

Publisher of Sign-up form: When a publisher signs a service agreement with Adopt Media, the publisher is also required to provide company and personal identity information, commercial information, technical contact information and customization information to start their advertising services. Adopt Media uses this information to provide services and for payment purposes. If Adopt Media has trouble processing an order, it will use this information to contact the publisher. Adopt Media may disclose such information to pay processers and similar functions.

Publisher Service Agreement: If a web publisher signs a service agreement, Adopt Media requires the publisher to provide certain identifiable information including: name, company name, street address, email and telephone number. This information is necessary to process the Publisher’s agreement. Adopt Media may disclose such information to pay processers and similar functions.

Advertising Network Service Agreement: When an Advertising Network signs a service agreement with Adopt Media, the Advertising Network is also required to provide company, personal identity information and commercial information. Adopt Media uses this information to provide services and for payment purposes. If Adopt Media has trouble processing an order, it will use this information to contact the Advertising Network.

Insertion Orders: If an advertiser purchases a service from Adopt Media, Adopt Media requests certain personal and company identity information from the advertiser on the insertion form. Advertisers must provide contact information (such as name, company name, street address, email and telephone number) and financial information. Adopt Media uses this information to provide services and for billing purposes. If Adopt Media has trouble processing an order, it will use this information to contact the advertiser.

Service-Related Announcements: Adopt Media will send web publishers and advertisers service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. The other e-mails we send out are in response to feedback, contact and sign-up form submissions, and to enhance the value of services we provide. Generally, a web publisher or advertiser may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If a web publisher or advertiser does not wish to receive these communications, they have the option to deactivate their account according to the terms of their Web Services Agreement.

Customer Service: Based upon the provided personally identifiable information, Adopt Media will send web publishers a welcoming email to verify their username and password and to set up their account. Adopt Media will also communicate with them in response to their inquiries, to provide the services they request, and to manage their account. Adopt Media will communicate with web publishers by email or telephone, in accordance with their wishes.

All this personally identifiable information may be associated with the usage information and technical information described above.

Legal Disclaimer: Adopt Media may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with Adopt Media’ rights or property, other users of the Website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Adopt Media may also disclose user information when necessary to comply with a court order, legal process or other legal proceeding.

Children’s Privacy: Adopt Media is very sensitive to the issue of children’s privacy. Our Website, products, and services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13. If you believe your child has provided Adopt Media with personally identifiable data, or registered at the Website and you would like to have the data removed, please contact us at info@adopt-media.com.

Links to External Websites: When you visit any of the websites that participate in our advertising marketplace and view ads from our advertisers, we collect information, including technical information and usage information about your activities on such sites. Such information may be combined with information collected from other sources. Adopt Media is not responsible for the content or practices of third party websites not owned or controlled by Adopt Media, nor for publishers or advertisers registered to its services. Adopt Media is also not responsible for any information that you might share with such linked websites. You should refer to each such website’s respective privacy policy and practices prior to disclosing any such information.

Choice/Opt-Out: The Website may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us at the point where we request information about you. You always have the option of removing your name from any e-mail list in order to discontinue any such future communications. In order to ensure immediate removal from any list, please follow the specific instructions set forth within the communications you receive from Adopt Media which you no longer wish to receive. If you are unsuccessful in completing the instructions specified in any such communication, please e-mail us at info@adopt-media.com, including a copy of the undesired email attached to the request, and state you wish to be removed from the mailing list.

Use of Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using our Website and technologies easier by, among other things, saving your passwords locally and preferences for you. These cookies are restricted for use only on our Website or websites which our advertising products are enabled on, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please consult the technical information relevant to your browser for instructions. If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of the Website may not function properly or may be considerably slower. Information provided by you via general e-mail inquiries to Adopt Media such as your e-mail address is used only to respond to your inquiries in the ordinary course of business and is never shared with third parties.

Google Analytics. We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this Website. The Google Analytics features we have implemented are based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). We will use your user data from Google’s Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) within Google Analytics to target interest based advertising to visitors of our Website. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information unless you have robust notice of, and your prior affirmative (i.e. opt-in) consent to, that merger. Users can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settingshttps://www.google.com/settings/ads or by opting out via https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Security: Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Adopt Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit via the Internet. By transmitting any such information to Adopt Media, you accept that you do so at your own risk.

Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory. Adopt Media technology, by its nature as an online ‘software as a service’, may store and process information in various locations throughout the globe. If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where transfer of your personal information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you hereby provide us with your express consent to such transfer of your data.

Your Acceptance of These Terms: By using the Website, you accept the policies and restrictions set forth in this online privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Website. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
