> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adotomy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-09-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090909022738id_/http%3A//www.adotomy.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Adotomy - we got GAME

Adotomy is committed to protecting customer privacy online. The following privacy policy applies to all of Adotomys internet advertising services. When viewing advertisements shown via the Adotomy service, you may receive and transmit cookies. If you would not like to receive and transmit such cookies, you can disable cookies for our platform within your web browser. We or our advertisers track page and image impression counts by using the information sent to our servers when your browser electronically requests our pages or images. Such information includes, but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol address, information about your web browser such as software make and model, referring link, time of transmission, operating system, window size, and any other information your browser automatically transmits in response to web content. We do not collect personally identifiable information in the process of serving ads. By clicking on an advertisement or viewing a pop up or pop under advertisement, you may be visiting the sites of third party advertisers using our service. We try to monitor as closely as possible but will not be held responsible for the content of such sites and can not guarantee that those sites will guard your privacy as strictly as we do. Before entering personally identifiable information into a third party site, we strongly recommend viewing the site's privacy policy and determining how your information will be used.
