> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the urturn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140801214720id_/http%3A//www.urturn.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Urturn · Privacy Policy

Last Modified: 07.01.2013

Welcome to the webdoc, Inc. (“Urturn”) web site and online services (the “Urturn Site”). Urturn is commited to protecting the privacy of our members and others who visit and use the Urturn Site (individually, “You” or collectively, “Users”). We make it a priority to protect personally identifiable information that we obtain from and about individuals both online and off-line. 

Our Privacy Policy reflects our fundamental philosophy that any personal information that we collect is only for our use to improve the products and services offered to you on the Urturn Site. We won’t ask you for, collect or store personal information that is not necessary for the provision of the Urturn Services. Your personal information is stored on servers that are protected from unauthorized access by appropriate physical access restrictions and data encryption techniques. Additionally, we will not share the personally identifying information you provide with any third party, except as expressly set forth herein or unless we have your explicit consent or if we are required to do so by law or to protect our own rights. 

This Privacy Policy describes in detail what information we gather from you, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. By using the Urturn Site (whether or not you are a registered member), you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Urturn Site. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Urturn Terms of Service. Your use of the Urturn Site and any personal information you provide on the Urturn Site are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Urturn’s [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms_of_service) . 

## The Information Urturn Collects:

  * **User-provided Information:** When you register as a member of the Urturn Site, you may provide to Urturn what is generally called “personally identifiable” information (such as your name, password, gender, email address, and so on). Urturn collects personally identifiable information when you register as a member in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you. Urturn uses this information to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Urturn Site. From time to time, Urturn may also ask you optionally to provide other information, for example to provide specific services or for security purposes. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving Urturn the permission to use and store it consistent with this policy. Therefore, please understand that when you sign in with Urturn, you are not anonymous to us.
  * **User Postings:** As a user of the Urturn Site, you may submit content in the form of notes, written works, images, videos, applications or other communications (collectively, “User Postings”) for hosting, sharing, publishing and/or distribution on the Site. One of the main purposes of Urturn is to allow you to share these User Postings with others through the Urturn Site. All the content of the User Postings you submit, including any metadata associated with multi-media content such as videos or photos, will be stored on our servers in the course of providing the service and is subject to this Privacy Policy.  
**“Cookies” Information:** When you visit the Urturn Site, whether or not you are a registered member, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on a website. Urturn may use “cookies” information to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Urturn Site; (b) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; (c) provide customized third-party advertisements, content, and information; (d) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities. Urturn may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Urturn Site. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. However, without cookies you may not have access to certain services on the Urturn Site. Third party advertisements displayed in connection with the Urturn Site may also contain cookies set by internet advertisers. We do not control these cookies and users of the Urturn Site should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.
  * **Information from Other Sources & Friends’ Information:** We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Urturn Site. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Urturn Site, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In some cases, you may be able to opt out of combining this information. Urturn also provides tools for importing your friends’ addresses so that you can invite them to or share content with them on Urturn. Urturn uses your friends’ addresses only for the purpose of sending the invitations and does not otherwise store or process them in any way. If you are asked to provide a password from another service to access your friends’ addresses, we will not store the password once your friends’ information has been retrieved.  
You may, of course, decline to share your personally-identifiable information with Urturn, in which case Urturn will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Urturn Site.



## Sharing Information on Urturn:

Urturn allows you to control who can see each of your User Postings.

  * **Personal information:** One of the primary purposes of Urturn is to share content with your friends. So that your friends can connect with you and identify you as the source of your content, a user profile is associated with your account. Information that is part of this profile such as your username, profile picture, website, twitter handle, followers, and people following you are always visible. Other personal information associated with your profile or account such as your email address or accounts on other services will not be visible except as authorized by you in your profile privacy settings.
  * **Your User Postings:** When you submit content to Urturn in the form of User Postings, you control access to it through your privacy and sharing settings. User Postings may be private (visible only to you), shared with a subset of other Urturn users or published to everyone. When you share a User Posting with everyone, this means that anyone, including people outside the Urturn Site, may access your User Posting and associate it with your username and any information about your Urturn profile that you have made public.
  * **Your comments and contributions:** When you submit a User Posting, you may control how other Users are allowed to interact with it. You may allow them to contribute to your User Posting by adding their own rich content (notes, images, videos, audio, applications, and so on) or you may limit their interaction to text-based comments and votes, ratings or other interactions via the embedded applications provided by Urturn. In any case, any contributions they make to your User Postings will be subject to the sharing settings you select for those Postings; other Users may not set the sharing settings for their individual contributions. Likewise, when you contribute to or comment on the User Postings of others, your contributions are subject to the sharing settings they have selected or may select for those User Postings.
  * **Information Shared with Everyone:** Information, data and content that is shared with the “Everyone” setting, such as your profile information and User Postings and the User Postings of others to which you have contributed, is considered public information. This means that it may be visible to anyone including people who are not logged into or using the Urturn Site. Such information may be indexed by third-party search engines and imported, exported, distributed or redistributed by Urturn or by others without restrictions concerning privacy. Urturn has no control over information shared under the “Everyone” setting once it leaves the Urturn Site. If you do not want your content to be available outside Urturn, please adjust your privacy settings appropriately.



## Urturn Use of Your Information:

If you have given Urturn consent, we may use your personally identifiable information in the following ways. We may use it to provide you with information about Urturn’s features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We may also send information or offers to groups of users on behalf of other businesses. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your personally identifiable information on the Urturn Site. However, we will notify you of this possibility when collecting personally identifiable information and we will obtain your consent. We may share your personally identifiable information with certain other websites that we link to (and that you click upon) in order to enhance your experience in connection with the Urturn Site. 

Urturn uses all of the information that we collect from Users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the way the Urturn Site works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.

Urturn’s employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to the personally identifiable information you may provide to register as a member of Urturn. We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us, including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (for example, contest and sweepstakes administration), but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose, and they must handle your personally identifiable information in the manner specified by the terms of this Privacy Policy.

If you have registered as a member and given Urturn consent, we may share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with Urturn who would like to send you information about their products and services.

## When Urturn Discloses Information:

Urturn discloses automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information with interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Urturn Site.

We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your explicit consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in.

Urturn may also disclose User information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant. In some cases, we may make such disclosures without first providing notice to Users. 

Urturn also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect Urturn from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Urturn Site; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Urturn, our Users, or others.

In the event that Urturn is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. We will ensure the privacy of User information during the transaction and will provide notice before its transfer when it will become subject to a new Privacy Policy.

## Removal of information:

If you register as a member of Urturn, you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by selecting the Account Settings button in the pulldown Account menu on the Site header. Due to the way we handle processing and storage of data, residual copies of information that you delete may remain in our system for some time and in backup copies, but will not be accessible by others. 

Remember that even if you remove information from your profile or User Postings or delete your account, copies of that information may remain accessible elsewhere to the extent it was shared with or otherwise distributed to others according to your previous privacy settings, or if it was copied or stored by other users. If contributions to User Postings persist on Urturn after the deletion of your account, your name will no longer be associated with them. For example, they may be attributed to an “anonymous Urturn user.” 

Additionally, we may retain certain information to prevent fraud or misconduct such as identity theft even if deletion has been requested. If you have granted third party access to your information, said third parties may retain your information according to the terms of their service or privacy policies. Urturn does not have any control over the privacy policies exercised by third parties.

To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

## Third-Party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites:

The Urturn Site may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. Urturn may also permit other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Urturn Site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, some of the advertisements and links that appear on the Urturn Site. These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens. These advertisers may also use other technologies (such as cookies or JavaScript) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party websites and third party ad servers or ad networks. Urturn’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other third party advertisers or web sites. Please be aware that Urturn may not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Urturn Site.

## Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy:

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Urturn does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on the Urturn Site from persons under 13 years-of-age. If Urturn learns that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13-years-of-age has been collected on Urturn without verifiable parental consent, then Urturn will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has obtained a Urturn Site account, then you may alert Urturn at privacy@Urturn.com and request that Urturn delete that child’s personal information from its systems.

## Our Commitment to Data Security:

Urturn applies appropriate safeguards to protect the integrity and security of your personal information. User information is stored on servers that are subject to access control and applies appropriate software encryption to prevent unauthorized access or tampering. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Urturn, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Urturn makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If Urturn learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Urturn may post a notice on the Urturn Site if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.

Although Urturn provides controls over the sharing options for your personal data and User Postings, you understand that there are inherent risks associated with the sharing of such information online. Urturn cannot guarantee that any security measures are perfect or cannot be broken, nor can we control the actions of other Users to whom you may have made your data available. Whether or not such data or User Postings are published, you acknowledge that Urturn does not guarantee that they will never be accessible by others and hereby disclaims all liability for any unauthorized access to restricted User information or Postings.

## International Visitors:

The Urturn Site is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you nonetheless choose to use the Urturn Site from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Urturn Site you consent to that transfer.

## Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy:

This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by a “Last Modified” date above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your rights will not be decreased by such changes without your explicit consent. Your continued use of the Urturn Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.

## Urturn Contact Information:

Please contact Urturn with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at privacy@Urturn.com.
