> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mail2web.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616044255id_/http%3A//services.mail2web.com/About/Policy/PrivacyPolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Purpose.** This Privacy Policy (the “ **Policy** ”) governs all aspects of how mail2web.com (“ **We** ”, “ **Us** ” and “ **Our** ”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses personal information from all users (" **Users** ", “ **You** ” and “ **Your** ”) of this website (“ **Site** ”) and all Services (“ **Services** ”) offered by mail2web.com. The privacy of Users is very important to Us and We are committed to protecting the confidentiality of all information entrusted to Us by You. mail2web.com complies with the requirements of the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). Any Services that require any form of payment (one-time or reoccurring) and the MediaBlog are intended for people 18 years of age and over. mail2web.com does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18.

**mail2web.com is not an e-mail service, but an e-mail application.** Registration is not required, but is available to Users interested in customizing the application making it easier for regular Users. We may store e-mail messages, attachments, passwords and session-based cookies temporarily while You are using the mail2web.com application. After You have logged off from the application or the session has timed out, Your email address and your password is removed from our system and the session-based cookie on Your system is deleted automatically. Any remaining email messages and/or attachments that may reside on the server will be removed automatically within one hour. Customers that prefer _not_ to use session-based cookies when using the Anonymous or Customized version of mail2web.com can manually disable session-based cookies in the web-browser they are using, i.e. Microsoft® Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc… Please refer to the instructions contained in your specific browser for more information. All activities that You conduct through the Site are considered private and are not recorded in a personally identifiable way. The data collected for the use of the mail2web.com application is anonymous and is used for statistical purposes only. [Click here to learn how mail2web.com works](http://services.mail2web.com/Help/OnlineHelp/HelpFree/Article.asp?url=Documents%2Fbasics%2Fhow%2520does%2520mail2web%2520work%2Ehtml&Category=Basics) or [click here for general help](http://services.mail2web.com/Help/).

**Personal Information that mail2web.com Anonymous Services collects.** mail2web.com does not collect any personal information unless You choose to use customized services or subscribe to any Premium Services (services that require any one-time or re-occurring payment).

**Personal Information that mail2web.com Customized Services collects.** The customized version of mail2web.com requires storing Your email address (“ **Personal Information** ”) to function, should You wish to provide it. However Your password associated with any email address stored is not collected at anytime. Customized users of mail2web.com are provided with a unique username that is used to access their customized account, and will also select a password specific to this customized account that should be different from any of their email account passwords. This password is maintained by mail2web.com exclusively for the purpose of enabling customized users to manage their mail2web.com account and to add and/or delete services associated with their account. We may also collect demographic data regarding Your income level, occupation, gender and information about the industry in which You work (the “ **Ancillary Personal Information** ”) if You choose to use the customized version of mail2web. mail2web may also collect Your name and email address should You attempt to contact us by way of Our web-based feedback and/or support form hosted on the mail2web.com Site, or if You contact us by email for any other reason. Users of the **mediablog** service have the option to provide additional personal information (“ **Profile Information** ”). The Profile Information can include a variety of personal information, including name, email address, messenger account, picture, gender, physical location, interests and other personal information. By default, mail2web.com will not make the Profile Information accessible to the public. However, Users have the option to make some or all of their Profile Information included in an online directory of Users that is accessible and searchable by the public. By indicating that you would like for some or all of the Profile Information to be disclosed, Users are consenting to its inclusion in the online directory. Please be aware that mail2web.com does not generally monitor or review the information in a User’s Profile Information and the information that you choose to provide can be publicly accessible as described above. Please use caution when deciding on what information to include in your Profile Information and what information to make public. mail2web.com will maintain your Profile Information on our servers until such time that you delete, modify or the account is terminated by mail2web.com for being considered inactive, whichever occurs first.

mail2web.com, as part of its **mediablog** service provided to Users, may collect personally identifiable information (“ **MediaBlog Personal Information** ”) from **mediablog** Users. This includes name, address, and email address, that You provide, and any correspondence that You have with mail2web.com that occurs by way of email, web-based email forms, telephone and/or support tickets that are generated for the purpose of communicating and/or resolving any issues related to the **mediablog**. The **mediablog** is defined as a public personal space that permits You to upload images, audio, video and other media files, post/read blog entries, link to friends and allows viwers to subscribe to an email service enabling them to receive updates automatically as the Content changes. All **mediablog** Users will be provided with a unique URL that is used to access their account, however their existing Customized Service username and password will also be used to administrate this service. This account and password is maintained by mail2web.com exclusively for the purpose of providing Customized Services, including the **mediablog** service and is used to manage all mail2web.com services through the mail2web.com web-based Control Panel. mail2web.com also collects additional usage information (“ **Additional mediablog Usage Information** ”) that is collected electronically regarding how **mediablog** Users use our website (e.g. by tracking the number of unique page views received by the pages of the **mediablog** , or the domains from which Users originate) or via cookies that can be used to identify the User should they visit the **mediablog** again. Additional **mediablog** Usage Information collected may include other information about Your computer, such as your IP address (a number assigned to Your computer); the type of Internet browser you are using; the type of computer operating system you are using; or the domain name of the website from which You linked to our **mediablog**. This Additional **mediablog** Usage Information will be anonymized and will not be linked to Your **mediablog** Personal Information or any Personal Information collected and will only be collected in the aggregate in connection with all the Users of our **mediablog** for planning, forecasting and/or evaluation purposes. As such, please note that this Policy does not cover aggregated data from which the identify of an individual cannot be determined. mail2web.com retains the right to use anonymous aggregated data in any way that it determines appropriate.

**Personal Information that mail2web.com Premium Services collects.** mail2web.com, as part of any Premium Services provided to Users, may collect personally identifiable information (“ **Premium Services Personal Information** ”) from Premium Services Users. This includes name, address, email address, date of birth, and credit card information (“ **Billing Information** ”) that You provide, and any correspondence that You have with mail2web.com that occurs by way of email, web-based email forms and/or support tickets that are generated for the purpose of communicating and/or resolving any issues related to the Premium Services. Premium Services are defined as any Services provided by mail2web.com that require any one-time or reoccurring charges. Examples of Premium Services include but are not limited to: mail2web.com Exchange accounts, and mail2web.com ISP services. All Premium Service Users of mail2web.com will be provided with a unique username that is used to access their account and will also select a password specific to this account that should be different from any of their email account passwords. This account and password is maintained by mail2web.com exclusively for the purpose of managing all mail2web.com Premium Services through the mail2web web-based Control Panel. mail2web.com also collects additional usage information (“ **Additional Premium Services Usage Information** ”) that is collected electronically regarding how Premium Services Users use our website (e.g. by tracking the number of unique page views received by the pages of the website, or the domains from which Users originate) or via cookies that can be used to identify the User should they visit the website again. Additional Premium Services Usage Information collected may include other information about Your visits to our website. For example, we may collect information about Your computer, such as your IP address (a number assigned to Your computer); the type of Internet browser you are using; the type of computer operating system you are using; or the domain name of the website from which You linked to our websites. This Additional Premium Services Usage Information will be anonymized and will not be linked to Your Premium Services Personal Information or any Personal Information collected and will only be collected in the aggregate in connection with all the users of our website for planning, forecasting and/or evaluation purposes. As such, please note that this Policy does not cover aggregated data from which the identity of an individual cannot be determined. mail2web.com retains the right to use anonymous aggregated data in any way that it determines appropriate.  


**Your consent.** Your provision of Personal Information to mail2web.com means that You agree and consent to the fact that mail2web.com may collect, use and disclose Your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy. If You do not agree with these terms, you are requested not to provide any Personal Information to mail2web.com. Any Customized or Premium Services offered by mail2web.com can only be offered if You provide Personal Information to mail2web.com. Consequently, if You choose not to provide us with any required Personal Information, mail2web.com will not be able to offer You these certain services. Personal Information is not required if You decide to solely use the mail2web.com Anonymous service which does not provide any customization.  


**How mail2web.com uses and discloses Personal Information.** We use Your Personal Information to identify You when You use the Service. We never use Your Personal Information for any other purpose, and we do not share or sell Your Personal Information. If You choose to provide Us with Ancillary Personal Information, that aggregated data is **only** used by Us as part of Our advertising engine and for statistical purposes. If You choose to provide Us with Profile Information, any part of the Profile Information that You indicate can be made public will be included in an online directory of Users that is accessible and searchable by the public.

Notwithstanding the above, mail2web.com may, from time-to-time, use Customized and Premium Services Personal Information collected through this website to: (i) provide Customized and Premium Services Users with a product or service that has been requested; (ii) contact Customized and Premium Services Users directly regarding products and services offered by mail2web.com and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners; (iii) understand Customized and Premium Services User preferences in order to enhance Customized and Premium Services Users' experience with mail2web.com and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners; and (iv) research the effectiveness of the website and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of mail2web.com, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.

Customized and Premium Services Users that do **not** wish to receive information regarding the products and services offered by mail2web.com and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners please: (i) send an e-mail to the address listed at the end of this policy; or (ii) log into web-based Control Panel and change the appropriate preferences to ensure that They do not receive any correspondence from mail2web.com for any products and services offered by mail2web.com, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.

mail2web.com's use of Personal Information is limited to these purposes. Unless permitted by law, no Personal Information about a User is collected, without first obtaining the consent of the individual to the collection, use and dissemination of that information.

**Disclosure of Personal Information.** We **_never_** disclose your Personal Information without consent except pursuant to the requirements of Section 7(3) – Disclosure without knowledge or consent – of PIPEDA and Division 1 – Protection of Personal Information – of PIPEDA, in which circumstances mail2web.com may be obligated to disclose information without consent. The only exception is the information disclosed for the purposes of registering a domain name that could be used in conjunction with mail2web.com Premium Services. Only contract information for a domain name will be provided to the registrar partner(s) in order to complete the registration process. Where obliged or permitted to disclose information without consent, mail2web.com will not disclose more information than is required or requested.

Personal Information may also be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership of all or part of mail2web.com. This will occur only if the parties have entered into an agreement under which the collection, use and disclosure of such information is restricted to those purposes that relate to the business transaction, including a determination whether or not to proceed with the business transaction, and is to be used by the parties to carry out and complete the business transaction.

**3rd Party information provided by Users.** As part of mail2web.com’s **mediablog** service, Users have the ability to submit information about 3rd parties and compose messages to them. mail2web.com considers the content of any personalized message between You and any 3rd party recipient to be private communication between You and the recipient. mail2web.com will not use or disclose any information that You provide about a 3rd party for any other purpose than: to send them the email containing Your personal message; to identify and resolve any technical problem or customer service issue; as required by law and to comply with a court order or other legal process; to respond to claims that Your personalized message violates the rights of any 3rd parties; and to protect the rights or property of mail2web.com or its affiliates.

**Maintenance and Security of Personal Information.** mail2web.com retains Personal Information about Users as long as mail2web.com believes it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. Currently, mail2web.com holds the Personal Information in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 

Personal Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures and mail2web.com complies with the security safeguards principal of Schedule 1, Clause 4.7 of PIPEDA. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure and transmission of information over the Internet is susceptible to possible loss, misrouting, interception and misuse. 

**Access to Personal Information.** mail2web.com provides individuals with access to Personal Information held about them and complies with the individual access principal of Schedule 1, Clause 4.9 of PIPEDA.

Pursuant to Schedule 1, Clause 4.9.5 of PIPEDA, if You believe that Your Personal Information on file is not correct, You may request an update of that information by sending a request to the person indicated below. Alternatively, Customized and Premium Service Users can update Personal Information through the web-based Control Panel at anytime. mail2web.com reserves the right not to change any Personal Information but will append any alternative text You believe appropriate. 

Pursuant to Schedule 1, Clause 4.9.5 of PIPEDA, You may also request that mail2web.com delete Your Personal Information from mail2web.com’s system and records . However, due to technical constraints and the fact that mail2web.com backs up its systems, Personal Information may continue to reside in mail2web.com’s systems after deletion for some time. Individuals, therefore, should not expect that their Personal Information would be completely removed from mail2web.com’s systems in response to an accepted request for deletion. Any Personal Information You provide in connection with the Customized or Premium Services will remain on mail2web.com systems until it is deleted by You. mail2web.com reserves the right to remove and delete inactive accounts.

As per Division 1, Clause 9 of PIPEDA, mail2web.com reserves the right to decline access to Personal Information where disclosure of the information requested is not required.

Pursuant to the principal in Schedule 1, Clause 4.9.4 of PIPEDA, where information will not or cannot be disclosed, the individual making the request will be provided with the reasons for non-disclosure. Where information will be disclosed, mail2web.com will endeavour to provide the information in question within a reasonable time and no later than thirty (30) working days following the request. 

mail2web.com will not respond to repetitious or vexatious requests for access. In determining whether a request is repetitious or vexatious, mail2web.com will consider such factors as the frequency with which information is updated, the purpose for which the information is used, and the nature of the information.

To guard against fraudulent requests for access, mail2web.com will require sufficient information to allow it to confirm the identity of the person making the request before granting access or making corrections.

**Amendment of mail2web.com practices and this Policy.** This statement is in effect as of November 1, 2005. mail2web.com will from time to time review and revise its privacy practices and this Policy. In the event of any amendment, an appropriate notice will be posted on this website. Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date of posting of the revised Policy to mail2web.com’s website as well as to existing information held by mail2web.com.

If You have any comments or suggestions to improve the service, please write us at [suggestions@mail2web.com](mailto:suggestions@mail2web.com).

**Questions**  
If you have any questions about the privacy practices of mail2web.com, or you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact:

|   
Michael Carr  |   
---|---  
  
SoftCom Technology Consulting Inc.

| 

E-mail: [michaelc@softcom.biz](mailto:michaelc@softcom.biz)  
  
Executive Vice-President

| 

Fax.     416.957.7401  
  
310 - 10 Bay Street 

|   
  
Toronto, ON M5J 2R8 

| 
