> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mailstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619115202id_/http%3A//www.mailstore.com/en/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Email Archiving and Email Compliance for Exchange Server, Outlook and IMAP

## § 1 Overview

All personal data (e.g. name, address, e-mail address, phone number, bank information, credit card number) is processed according to the regulations of the German Privacy Act. The following rules provide information regarding the type, range and purpose for which personal data is stored, processed and used. This privacy statement applies to our websites only. If you follow links from our website to other sites, please refer to the privacy statements provided there.

## § 2 Automatic Data Gathering 

Due to technical reasons, the following data transferred by your internet browser is stored:

  * browser type and version
  * operating system
  * referrer URL (website from which our site was accessed)
  * websites that are accessed
  * date and time of the access
  * internet protocol (IP) address



This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal data you may have provided, so that no conclusions can be drawn about a specific person; it is evaluated for statistical purposes, enabling us to provide optimal internet presence and services. Once the data is evaluated it is deleted from our system.

## § 3 Inventory Data

  1. Personal data required for contracting and determining subject terms and alterations of contract (inventory data) is used for contract execution only. For instance, in order to deliver our products, your name and address must be submitted to the delivery service. Without your express permission or legal basis, no data is submitted to any third parties not taking part in fulfillment of contract.
  2. In individual cases, by order of the appropriate authorities, inventory data may be made available to be used as necessary for criminal prosecution, averting of danger through state police departments, performing legal tasks of the German federal and state constitution protection agencies, the German Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst, BND), the German Military Counter-Intelligence Service (Militaerischer Abschirmdienst, MAD), or for the protection of intellectual property rights.



## § 4 Usage Data

  1. Personal data required for making our products available to customers and data needed for accounting purposes (usage data) is used for contract execution. Falling into this category is information concerning user identification, information about the period and the scope of use as well as information about which telecommunication services you use. Usage data for accounting purposes (accounting data) can be passed on to other service providers or third parties, as long as the information is required to settle accounts with the user. After the full amount owed by the user is paid, all such usage and accounting data is deleted. If, due to legal, statutory or contractual retention periods, deletion is prohibited, data is blocked instead.
  2. Usage data is also used for promotions, market research or demand-actuated design of our offers for the creation of user profiles using pseudonyms. You are entitled to prohibit the use of your usage data for such purposes. User profiles are kept separately from personal data.
  3. In individual cases, by order of the appropriate authorities, usage data may be made available to be used as necessary for criminal prosecution, averting of danger through state police departments, performing legal tasks of the German federal and state constitution protection agencies, the German Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst, BND), the German Military Counter-Intelligence Service (Militaerischer Abschirmdienst, MAD), or for the protection of intellectual property rights.



## § 5 Information Regarding Cookies

  1. Cookies are used to recognize users revisiting our site and using one of our offers multiple times. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your machine. Upon revisiting our site, these cookies provide information to automatically recognize you by reading your IP address stored in the cookies. Information contained in the cookies is used to optimize our offers and provide you easy access to our site.
  2. You can prevent your browser from storing cookies onto your hard drive by disabling cookies in the browser settings. However, this may limit the functionality of our offers.



## § 6 Using Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies - text files that are stored on your computer and make it possible to analyze how you utilize the site. The information generated by the cookie (including the IP address) is transferred and stored on a Google server located in the United States. Google uses the information to evaluate how the site is used, create reports about the activities on the site for the site operators, and to perform additional services regarding website and internet utilization. Further, Google may pass this data on to third parties, if required by law or if using their services to analyze this data. In no case will Google associate IP addresses with any other data it stores. You can prevent the storing of cookies by choosing the appropriate settings in your browser; however, we would like to point out that in this case some functionality of the website may not be available to its full extent. By using this website, you give us permission to process any data gathered about you by Google in the way and for the purpose described above.

## § 7 Disclosure

Upon request, you will receive information on the data stored about your person or pseudonym. This information can also be provided electronically, if desired. To receive such information, please contact:

deepinvent Software GmbH  
Cloerather Str. 1-3  
41748 Viersen  
Germany  
+49-2162-50299-0  
[info@deepinvent.com](mailto:info@deepinvent.com)
