> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mainlinemenswear.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071013000717id_/http%3A//www.mainlinemenswear.co.uk/page.php%3FxPage%3Dprivacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mainline Menswear Ltd > Our Privacy Statement

| 1   |  By using this site you agree that we may hold and use the personal data which you supply to us concerning you in accordance with this privacy policy.   
---|---  
2   |  We will use the personal information to supply goods and/or services to you (as appropriate), to contact you as required and to arrange payment through your relevant credit or debit card.   
3   |  We may also use information to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web site, use of services or special offers from us which we think you will find valuable.   
4   |  Personal data will not be sold or disclosed to any third party without your express authority, save where disclosure is reasonably required for our business purposes (for example to any courier firm used to deliver goods to you or as part of a genuine reconstruction or sale of the whole or a substantial part of our business undertaking) or as set out below. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.   
5   |  Personal information will be held at our offices at Mainline Menswear Ltd,10a Huntriss Row.,,Scarborough,YO11 2EF and for the purposes of processing payment (and maintaining records of the same) may be transferred outside the European Economic Area.   
6   |  When you place orders or access your account information we offer the use of a secure server and the software on the server encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The Worldpay software we currently use uses 128-bit Secure Server Layer architecture (dependent on browser support) and Thawte digital certificates. Worldpay security solution has been endorsed by leading banks. We also follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information to prevent unauthorised access. We may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.   
7   |  "Cookies" are small pieces of information which are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. They may or may not contain personally identifying information and enable us to provide added functionality when you revisit the site. Most Web browsers automatically accept "cookies", but you can usually change your browser to prevent them. Even if your browser does not accept "cookies", you can still use our Web site to purchase goods and/or services. If you do not wish to accept "cookies" from us please ensure that your browser is configured to reject them. 
