> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lucasarts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061224163030id_/http%3A//lucasarts.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LucasArts | Privacy Policy

  |   |  [ ](http://www.esrb.org/confirm/lucasarts-confirmation.jsp) **LucasArts Online Privacy Policy**

Welcome! We are committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our Web site. This Privacy Policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected and used. It is available for you to review on our homepage and at least on every page where we have requested personally identifiable information. BY USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, do not use this Web site. Unless specified otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies to information collected from all users, including children under 13. 

KIDS:  
Please check with your parents before entering any information on this or any other Web site. See our "SPECIAL NOTE TO KIDS" below. 

PARENTS:  
We are committed to protecting children's privacy. We developed this Web site to be an enjoyable experience for customers of all ages, including kids under 13. We recognize that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on this Web site or how this Web site operates. PLEASE BE SURE TO CAUTION YOUR CHILD UNDER 13 AGAINST PROVIDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ONLINE PRIOR TO THE WEB SITE OPERATOR OBTAINING YOUR CONSENT. It is our policy not to collect and store personally identifiable information from children under 13 without first obtaining a parent's or guardian's verifiable permission. See our "SPECIAL NOTE TO PARENTS OF KIDS UNDER 13" below. 

Please discuss this Privacy Policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use this Web site and the information they may be asked to provide. We strongly believe that providing our visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the Web site will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the Web site, as well as protecting our users' privacy. 

This Privacy Policy and the certification seal located to your left confirms that LucasArts, a division of Lucasfilm Entertainment Company Ltd. ("LucasArts"), is a valid licensee and participating member in the [Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Online Program: ESRB Privacy Online.](http://www.esrb.org/) To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all of our Web sites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices. As part of this privacy program, we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB. 

Whenever you visit a Web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal, you can expect to be notified of the following: 

  * The Web sites covered by this Privacy Policy; 
  * Exactly what information may be collected and how it will be used; 
  * The consequences, if any, resulting from your refusal to provide personal information; 
  * Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses, or uses other passive means to collect information; 
  * Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information; 
  * With whom, if anyone, is your personal information shared; 
  * What is a company's policy regarding links to third party sites; 
  * What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information; 
  * How you can access, and if necessary, change the personal information a company collects and maintains; 
  * Whether and how information is collected from children under 13; 
  * How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity; and, 
  * Where and how to ask questions or file complaints. 

  
Generally, we limit the collection of information to email address and to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (such as, first name, age, state or country) and we will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our Web site activities. This information is collected so that visitors can participate in activities (such as, receiving our e-mail newsletter[s], building homepages, saving game designs and scores, participating in our question polls). 

However, in some areas on our Web site, additional personally identifiable information is asked for and collected (e.g., full name, mailing address and phone number) so that our visitors can participate in online sweepstakes, online promotions and the registered area of this site and you may not be able to access those areas or participate in such activities without giving us the necessary personal information. Whenever we request that you submit such personally identifiable information, we will endeavor to notify you of our intended use of the information, as more specifically discussed below. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOU ARE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE, AND CAN DECLINE TO PROVIDE, ANY REQUESTED INFORMATION AT ANY TIME. HOWEVER, IF YOU DECLINE, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN CERTAIN ACTIVITIES AT THIS WEB SITE. 

The types of information collected at this Web site may include: 

  * Contact information, such as full name, e-mail address and mailing address. 
  * Financial information and/or Credit/Debit Card data (for, by way of example, online store purchase information). Personal identifiers, such as screen names, URLs (for personalized homepages) and passwords. 
  * Demographic information, such as date of birth, age, gender, state and country. 
  * Internet Protocol (IP) Information, such as your IP address and browser type. 
  * Information collected by or held in "cookies." _Registration_  
If this Web site has a registration procedure, our Web site's registration form requires users to give us contact information, unique identifiers, and demographic information. All registration information is submitted to us on a voluntary basis. We may also ask registered members to tell us how they found out about us. The registration information allows you to use many of the features on our site (including message boards) and to access content exclusive to registered members. Once you register, we may also use customer contact information from the registration form to contact you, to send you information about our company and/or to give you updates on products and/or services. You may register on our Web site and choose not to receive information and updates by unchecking the relevant box on the registration form. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN REGISTER. _Product Support_  
To send an email to our Technical Support team regarding a problem you encounter with one of our products, we may ask you to provide your first name and email address in addition to information about the product you are having trouble with. The email address you provide us for this purpose is used only to respond to the sender's problem and is deleted as soon as the response is complete. _Tell a Friend Feature_  
Some of our sites provide you the opportunity to email a web page to another person, whether it is a friend, family member, or relative. For this feature of our site to work, we need to collect your email address and the email address(es) of those to whom you want to send the Web page. The email addresses collected in this context are not used for any other purpose, and are deleted once your request has been fulfilled. _Resumes_  
Some of our sites allow for the online submission of resumes. Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings. This information may be shared internally and is not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. _Email Correspondence_  
We may collect and store personal information that you voluntarily submit to us via email correspondence. For example, some of our sites provide a link through which an online visitor can send e-mail to our Webmaster addressing any issue a user encounters when using our Website. Any personal information contained in such email is used for the sole purpose of responding to your questions. Although most e-mail messages are deleted after they are responded to, in certain cases hard copies or data from certain e-mail correspondence may be kept on file for security purposes. Any such copy or data will also be stored in a secure location, and information from these messages will not be used for marketing purposes. _Online Promotions_  
We may have special online promotions which feature products or services related to our business activities. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN PARTICIPATE IN THIS ACTIVITY. IF YOU ARE OVER 13 BUT UNDER 18 YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT TO COLLECT YOUR PRIZE OR RECEIVE YOUR BENEFIT. You may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. For other promotions, we may request your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail. _Online Contests and Sweepstakes_  
We may sponsor contests or sweepstakes which may be entered online. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN PARTICIPATE IN THIS ACTIVITY. IF YOU ARE OVER 13 BUT UNDER 18 YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT TO COLLECT YOUR PRIZE OR RECEIVE YOUR BENEFIT. The information collected for contests or sweepstakes may include your name, e-mail address, and mailing address. If you are under 13 (with your parent's or guardian's consent), or if you are over 13 but under 18, the information collected for contests or sweepstakes include your first name, e-mail address and your parent's e-mail address and, if you win, before your prize is collected, your parent or guardian is sent an e-mail informing them of your award and explaining the nature and terms and conditions of the sweepstakes. Your parent or guardian will then have a chance to "opt out" of collecting your prize on your behalf, in which case the prize will not be awarded. _Collecting and Sharing Data_  
We sometimes collect information to find out how people found our Web site, which pages they visited, and how long they stayed. In addition, we may aggregate demographic and non-personal information you provide and use the information to better design our Web site and to improve our marketing strategy and our product offerings. We may also share such demographic information, including gender and web user preferences, with third party entities, but only on an aggregate, non-personal basis. If you are 13 or older, we may share some of your contact information (e.g., email address) with our advertisers, licensees and/or other business partners to permit them to contact you with information about certain products and services. These advertisers, licensees and/or other business partners have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us. 

Other than as explained in this policy, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes; respond to any claims; or, to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of LucasArts, Lucasfilm Ltd., our customers, or the public. In addition, information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any bankruptcy, merger, sale, transfer of company assets, or acquisition, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law. 

_Opinions_  
We may ask for your opinion from time to time, which may require personal information for a response. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN PROVIDE THIS INFORMATION. However, please note that we have a policy against accepting unsolicited material, so do not submit any unsolicited or unique creative ideas, drawings or other materials, and refer to our policy on unsolicited submissions in our Terms of Use. _Personalized Homepages_  
You may be able to build a personalized fan homepage from one of our fan homepage-building programs. You will have to submit your e-mail address and password to log-in and use this feature. HOWEVER, YOU MUST BE OVER 13 TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS ACTIVITY. _Mailing lists_  
Where appropriate and if you are 13 years or older, the option to allow us to share certain information with some of our promotional partners may be provided, or the option for you to elect not to have us share certain information may be provided. You always have the right to unsubscribe from any mailing lists we may maintain, or to delete personally identifiable electronic information we have collected online about you. To do so, please follow the instructions provided below. _E-mail and Newsletters_  
We may offer fully interactive registered email services. We also provide fun and exciting newsletters, such as the Homing Beacon, and the Padawan Post to tell our users about all of our interesting films, licensed products and services. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, YOU WILL NEED YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU CAN PARTICIPATE IN EITHER OF THESE ACTIVITIES. Please note that our newsletters may include links to independently-operated Web sites. Although we do not provide without parental permission any personally identifiable information about kids under 13 to any "independently-operated Web site" (that is, a Web site not owned, controlled and operated by us), such Web Site(s) may solicit personally identifiable information from kids under 13. Please be aware that we don't control and are not responsible for their actions, privacy policy(ies) or terms of use. _Purchasing Items_  
Purchasing items from our various online stores may require the giving of personally identifiable information (such as, name, credit card information). The information is used to fulfill your orders and maintain your store account. _Cookies_  
We use a software technology called "cookies" to collect non-personally identifiable information. Cookies are pieces of information that we may place on your computer to help "personalize" your visit to the Web site and to allow you to enter our Web site without having to remember and enter any special passwords. For example, a "cookie" will allow us to remember certain things about you, such as your screen name, to track visitor scores or to help you keep track of where you left off in a game. "Cookies" may include the type of browser software you use to access the Internet (i.e. Internet Explorer, Netscape 3.0,); type of operating system (i.e. Windows 95, Mac, etc.), and/or the domain name of your Internet service provider. Except with respect to our e-commerce activities (e.g., on-line purchases), we do not link your non-personally identifiable information in "cookies" with personally identifiable information about you. 

In addition, some companies place or provide banner ads on this Web site that might also place cookies. Each of these companies use this cookie information according to their own privacy and security policies. You can find and evaluate these companies at the end of this Privacy Policy as 'Appendix A,' and we will keep this list updated. 

_Choice/Opt-In/Opt-Out_  
If you registered on our Web site, you could receive communications from us and, if you are 13 years or older, from third parties. In that case, you may: (1) opt-out of receiving communications from us by selecting or deselecting the optional e-mail from us on the "Your Account" page to control the messages you receive from us; and/or (2) opt-in or opt-out of receiving communications from third-party sponsors or promotional partners at the time of registration. If you elect to receive these communications and you are 13 years or older, we will transmit the information that you provide to this third party. Note, however, that each third party is governed by a different privacy policy and may have a different method than our Web site to opt-out of future communications. _IP Address and Machine Type_  
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you request a page from our Web site, our servers log your IP address. An IP address does not contain personally identifiable information. Except with respect to our e-commerce activities (e.g., on-line purchases), we do not link IP addresses with personally identifiable information. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. We may also collect information about your browser software and/or machine type (e.g., Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.). _Links_  
We do create links to the Web sites of other parties. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, GET YOUR PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE LINKING TO OTHER WEB SITES. Independently-operated Web sites are not associated with or authorized by us and may also have links leading to this Web site. We cannot control any of these links and are not responsible for any content appearing on Web sites linked to or from our Web site, or for any personal information gathered at those independently-operated Web sites. _Bumper Pages_  
We sometimes provide a "bumper page" when linking from our Web site to an independently-operated Web site, which lets you know you are going to an independently-operated Web site and reminds children not to give out information online without their parent's permission. _Data Integrity and Security_  
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. In cases where the information is not stored on separate computer servers, it is only accessible from specific computers within our control. We have and will continue to take reasonable measures to assure the security and accuracy of all information our visitors share with us. Our efforts include procedures designed to avoid any unauthorized access, alteration, misuse or disclosure of personally identifiable information. We also take reasonable steps to assure that advertisers, licensees and/or other business partners to whom we transfer data -- for such purposes as sending special offers and promotions to our visitors -- provide sufficient protection of such personal data. **CHANGES:** _Our changes_  
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes here. In addition, if we make a material change to this privacy policy, we will notify you by posting the change on this Web site and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. We therefore encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. We will seek your consent, via e-mail, if we make any material changes in how we collect and/or use your child's information in any manner not previously authorized by you. _Your changes_  
This Web site gives users options for changing and modifying information previously provided. If you are a registered visitor, you are welcome to view, change or delete your registration information at any time, or to update the contact information we have for you or to inform us that you do not want to receive new product or other information from us. Simply go to the registration page of this Web site using the same computer from which you initially registered. When the welcome screen appears, you can click on the "delete or add" or "Update Profile" link to update your information. Kids under 13 cannot change registration information, only the parent or guardian can do that. Parents should follow the procedure that they used to enable their child's registration to change any information at any time. _SPECIAL NOTE TO KIDS_  
If you are under 13 years old, ask your parent or guardian BEFORE giving out any information about yourself, such as your name, age, address or e-mail address. You do not have to give any personal information about yourself. Remember, if you are under 13 you must have your parent or guardian make any changes to information given to us (with permission) in the past or to update your profile. If you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Web site, ask your parent or guardian for help. 

If you are 13 years or older, you may have the ability to e-mail other users or post messages on portions of this Web site, in addition to participating in online contests or sweepstakes. In the event that you do post messages on this Web site, remember that other users of this Web site may have access to your e-mail address and user name. Also, if you are under 18 years old and you participate in online contests, sweepstakes or promotions, you cannot collect any prizes without your parent's or guardian's consent. 

_SPECIAL NOTE TO PARENTS OF KIDS UNDER 13_  
We may collect the name of a child or parent and online contact information in order to obtain parental consent from parents of kids under 13 and to provide parental notice. If a visitor indicates that he/she is under the age of 13, he/she will be asked to supply a parent's or guardian's e-mail address. In this case, the parent or guardian will receive an e-mail message containing instructions on how to enable the child's registration and until the parent or guardian enables the child's registration, the account is disabled. If we do not receive the parent's or guardian's said consent within a reasonable time, we delete this information from our records. If and when we have obtained verifiable consent from a parent, we only ask for and collect from the child information that is reasonably necessary for the child to participate in any given activity online. We also may collect a child's online contact information to respond to a specific request from a child under 13 (e.g., product support question or emailing a web page to a friend). Once we respond to a request from a child under 13, we will not contact your child again and the information is deleted from our records. We take very seriously the safety of children, especially those under 13 and may also collect information to protect that safety. If we do collect information to protect the safety of your child, we provide notice to you and we do not use that information for any other purpose. You can always ask us to review or delete any of your child's information at any time by sending us a written request at the Contact Information below and you can ask that we do not use or collect any more personal information from your child. However, if you ask us to delete your child's information that is necessary to participate in our activities, your child may not be able to participate in our activities. 

To What Web sites and information does this Privacy Policy Apply? 

The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to all information submitted on this Web site, and not to information that may be submitted to us offline. In addition, the terms shall only apply to Web sites owned and operated by LucasArts, as well as to some of our selected corporate partners and licensees who have agreed to abide by our Privacy Policy. It does not otherwise apply to any independently-operated Web sites, for which separate privacy policies and terms of use shall apply. Finally, since this Privacy Policy is intended to protect individuals, it does not apply to businesses or persons acting on behalf of businesses. 

_CONTACT INFORMATION_  
We hope you have a better understanding of our commitment to protect privacy . If you have any questions or comments about anything in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the address below. 

If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, or wish to correct or delete information that Lucasfilm may have about you or your child, please contact us at the following address: 

Lucas Online   
P.O. Box 29901   
San Francisco, CA 94129-0901   
Attn: Webmaster   
(415) 623-1113   
[webmaster@starwars.com](mailto:webmaster@starwars.com)  



|  
