> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lucaskazan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191123035953id_/https%3A//lucaskazan.com/public/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Lucas Kazan

LucasKazan.com is committed to maintaining your privacy and digital security at all times. This Privacy Policy discloses how we gather, track, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and our billing partners while accessing LucasKazan.com. We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and our other policies and agreements at any time. By accessing and using this Site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy.

We collect certain non-personally identifying information through the use of 'cookies'. We use session cookies for your convenience, in order to store information such as your login status. These cookies expire automatically when you log out. We use the information stored in cookies to personalize your Web site experience and to manage your online session. The information in cookies is both set and read by our server and is not logged in the process. We do not share data that we collect from cookies with third parties.

We use service partners such as Google Analytics to analyze trends and statistics and to help us understand how visitors and subscribers use our site. Data allow us to identify areas and technologies that need improvement, measure the number of visitors to the different areas of LucasKazan.com and help us make our site more useful. Service Partners place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (e.g.: Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., and it is not reviewed at an individual level, it is however used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies. By using the controls of your web browser you may remove these cookies at any time. 

This site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such Web sites.

Visitors to the public areas of LucasKazan.com who do not purchase a subscription do not provide us with any personally identifiable information.

When Visitors or Members send email inquiries to LucasKazan.com, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. We do not use the return email address for any other purpose and do not share the return email address with any third party.

The only personally-identifying information we collect and store about you is the information you voluntarily choose to provide to our billing partners when you join LucasKazan.com and to us when you sign up to our mailing list. This information enables us to process the requested transaction, to manage your account/membership, to detect and prevent fraud, abuse and security risks and/or to communicate any updates pertinent to LucasKazan.com. It may include the personally identifiable information such as name, country, zip code, IP and e-mail address you provide to our credit card Payment Processors (billing partners), when joining the site. These are trusted third party providers contracted to perform specific services on our behalf, such as credit card processing and/or piracy/fraud prevention and are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions. They are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than as they have been specifically contracted for. Credit card and/or financial information is collected and stored by the above Payment Processors and is never used or stored on our servers. All personal and financial information you provide is encrypted to prevent access by other parties. Members also select, and thereby provide, a username and password combination. We never sell, share, or trade any of this information. At any time you may choose to opt out of receiving further communications, by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each communication. Unsubscribe requests are honored immediately.

We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate.

While we make every effort to safeguard the integrity and security of LucasKazan.com and to prevent breaches of security, you assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures and our Service Providers'. In the event of a breach, you will be notified immediately.

We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations; for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.

For your privacy, there is no display of any personal information on our web pages. To request a copy of what we store, send us an e-mail to help@lucaskazan.com. To review what information is stored by our billing partners, please visit the appropriate site as stated in your join email.
