> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lucianne.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181220004014id_/http%3A//lucianne.com/privacystatement.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lucianne.com News Forum - Privacy Statement

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. 

Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. 

Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](http://aboutads.info/).) 

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit [networkadvertising.org](http://networkadvertising.org/). 

Lucianne.com Media, Inc. does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from Lucianne.com Media, Inc. and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, Lucianne.com Media, Inc. reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. 

Lucianne.com Media, Inc. reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. Lucianne.com Media, Inc. will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that Lucianne.com Media, Inc. may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a Lucianne.com Media, Inc. site. Lucianne.com Media, Inc. is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. 

  We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org. 

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards areas of the Lucianne.com Media, Inc. sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Lucianne.com Media, Inc. . 

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of Lucianne.com Media, Inc.'s internet servers or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that Lucianne.com Media, Inc. cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for Lucianne.com Media, Inc. . If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Lucianne.com Media, Inc. Site. 

Upon request, Lucianne.com Media, Inc. will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, Lucianne.com Media, Inc. will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, Lucianne.com Media, Inc. will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions. 

The foregoing policies are effective as of November 25, 1998. Lucianne.com Media, Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
