> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the luckybeginning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180506222806id_/http%3A//luckybeginning.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

MobiTech,Inc. and its subsidiaries ("we","us" or "our") owns and operates a number of different sites on the Web (each, an "MobiTech Site"), including luckybegining.com ("luckybegining.com"), and is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our user community. This privacy policy provides details on our information collection and use practices that are specific to luckybegining.com. For our general information collection,use and disclosure practices,please review our global company privacy policy located on the MobiTech corporate website: MobiTech Privacy. Please note that this policy only applies to our data collection and use practices for luckybegining.com and does not apply to the data collection and use practices of other companies or organizations whose products,services or Web sites you may use or gain access to through luckybegining.com. For information on the data collection and use practices of those third parties,please refer to their respective policies and procedures.

### Types of Information We Collect and Use

Anonymous User Information. In general,we collect and use anonymous information and data regarding your access and use of luckybegining.com. When you visit luckybegining.com our servers record the information your browser automatically sends whenever visiting or using a Web site,including your web request,the Internet Protocol address and browser configuration of your computer,the date and time of your request,the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the referring and exiting Web sites. If you use our search services,we also collect information on the search terms you submit and the links you click upon the results pages. We do not require you to provide us with any information that identifies you personally to visit luckybegining.com or use our search services. We generally collect this anonymous information in server log files and use this information for a variety of purposes,including providing you with our search services,the administration and operation of our Web sites,identifying and preventing fraud and misuse of our Web sites,and designing and developing new products and services.  
Personal User Information. In addition to the anonymous user information above,we may occasionally request from you or you may otherwise voluntarily provide us information that personally identifies you. We may receive personal information about you from a broad range of activities on luckybegining.com,including surveys,contests,program registrations,tell-a-friend services and general correspondence. Also,we may receive personal information about you from certain third party distribution partners or service providers as part of providing our search services to such third parties. Depending on the service used,the personal information we collect may include contact information (such as first and last name,mailing address,email address and telephone number),demographic information (such as age,gender,occupation and household income) and location and billing information (shipping and billing address,credit card information). When we request personal information from you,we will inform you of the type of information we need and the purpose of our use. Except as specifically described in this Privacy Policy and our general corporate privacy policy,we will only use your personal information for the purpose it was collected.  
We may collect or request such personal information in the following ways:

### Correspondence

If you contact us,we may keep a record of the contact information you provide us in order to communicate with you regarding your correspondence.

### Surveys,Promotions or Contests

From time to time,we may conduct surveys,promotions or contests on luckybegining.com. Participation in these events is completely voluntary and you will always have a choice whether or not to participate. Any personal information collected as part of the event will only be collected and used for purposes of the event,such as to notify the winners and award prizes for a promotion or contest,and as otherwise set forth as part of the survey,promotion or contest. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the MobiTech Sites.

### User Groups

If you register for a user group or special program on luckybegining.com,we request individual user information. If you choose to participate in a user group,your individual user information will be used to qualify you and to contact you for various projects at MobiTech's discretion. You may opt out of a user group at any time by following the opt out provisions of the user group.

### Cookies

When you visit luckybegining.com or use our search services,one or more cookies,web beacons or action tags may be sent to your computer or otherwise used in connection with your visit or use. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your computer when you visit a Web site or use a service. When stored on your computer,a cookie uniquely identifies your browser and records your preferences and other data about your visit or use. Cookies are also sometimes used to complete transactions requested by users. Web beacons,also known as web bugs,are small,graphic images that transparently reside on a Web site or other web-based service and are designed to allow the Web site or service owner to monitor who is visiting the Web site or using the service. Action tags assist in delivering cookies and embed a random identifying number on a user's browser. We use information collected from these devices to track which pages our users view,which browsers they use and other information about user activity when visiting luckybegining.com or using our services. We also use the information collected and stored by cookies to help us provide you with personalized features and preferences when using our search services in a manner that is linked to personal user information you elect to share with us. We use action tags to compile statistics and other data about our users on an aggregate basis. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. For a session cookie,once you close your browser the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie stays stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can change the settings on your browser to refuse or notify you prior to accepting cookies and to remove them from your computer. However,some features and services may not function properly without cookies.

### Information Storage and Security

We have implemented and use a variety of industry accepted physical,electronic and managerial policies and procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect to help prevent unauthorized access,disclosure,alteration or destruction and to maintain its accuracy and correct use. We generally store the information and data we collect on our own servers in a secure environment and restrict access to your personal information to employees and agents who need to know that information in order to provide you with access and use of luckybegining.com and other MobiTech Sites and our services,operate and maintain the MobiTech Sites and as otherwise set forth and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. While we have taken efforts to safeguard and secure your personal information,we cannot guarantee that your information may not be disclosed,altered or destroyed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others.

### How We Use Your Personal Information and Other Data

n general,we only use your personal information for the purpose it was collected,including internally to serve you the Web sites and services you request,to enhance and extend our relationship with you,and to improve our Web sites and services. We also use personal information for fulfillment and billing purposes,to respond to customer support inquiries,inform you of new Web sites or services and comply with applicable laws. We may access,use,disclose and share any non-personally identifiable information and data we collect for any business purpose and with any third party in our sole discretion. When you conduct a search on luckybegining.com,we use the search terms you submit along with the information set forth above to provide you with relevant search results,including results tailored to your geographic location based on the Internet Protocol address of your computer. This information is also used to maintain and improve the quality,security and integrity of our services and to detect and protect against security threats such as botnet attacks,click fraud and worms. We do not store and retain the Internet Protocol addresses we collect as part of our search services on luckybegining.com for longer than six months.

### Enforcement

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy,please direct them to us at the contact information provided below. We have instituted internal policies and procedures for handling such submissions and will respond to you in a timely manner. MobiTech Inc.  
Rm. 409, New Mandarin Plaza Tower A, 14 Science Museum Road, East T.S.T., Kowloon, HK.

### Changes to Our Privacy Policy

We will change,amend and update this Privacy Policy and the privacy policies of the various MobiTech Sites from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices,technology,products and services,general business operations and industry. In the event of any such change,we will post a revised policy on this Web site or the Web site of the respective product or service and revise the "Last Updated" date of such policy. We reserve the right to change,amend and update this Privacy Policy,including all of our associated privacy policies,at any time in our sole and absolute discretion,and such changes will be effective upon posting of the revised policy. In the event of a material change in our information collection and use practices,we will provide more prominent notice of such change along with the revision to the effective date of the policy. You should check this Privacy Policy and the policies of the MobiTech Sites you may access or use on a regular basis to ensure you have reviewed and are familiar with the most current policy.
