> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wizarduniverse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051210162808id_/http%3A//www.wizarduniverse.com/general/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wizard Entertainment

WizardUniverse.com is committed to ensuring and safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to fully understand how we will treat your personal information. This policy may change from time to time, so please stay informed by checking back to this link periodically. We will make every attempt to ensure the safety of all our users and subscribers. 

* * *

**PLEASE BE AN INFORMED WEB USER!! To ensure the safest web surfing experience, please click here to access the Federal Trade Commission's site on "Savvy Traveler" (and view their links on Children's Privacy.)-[[http://www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/)]**

* * *

**Children's Privacy**  
WizardUniverse.com is a site that appeals to "kids of all ages" and for this reason, many of our contests, promotions and/or products and services may exclude children under the age of 13. We do this in the spirit of complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, no web site operator is permitted to require a child under the age of 13 to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation. All WizardUniverse.com users, including parents and children, are subject to this Privacy Policy. According to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, any person under the age of 13 (thirteen) is considered a "child" and therefore children are only subject to this Privacy Policy upon receipt of parental consent. 

* * *

**The Rest of Our Privacy Policy**  
It is important to be aware of the types of information collected, how information is used, and how your privacy is protected. Some personal information is gathered when you register for the e-mailer. During the registration process, WizardUniverse.com asks for your full name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, zip code or postal code, country of residence, phone number, hobbies and personal interests and other relevant information. The more information you volunteer the better we are able to customize the site to best fit your needs and interests. In addition to asking for personal information during the registration process, we may ask you for personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by WizardUniverse.com and/or our many partners; when you make a purchase from us and/or one of our partners; and when you report a problem with one of our sites or services. If you contact WizardUniverse.com we may keep a record of that correspondence. At certain times, users may be asked to complete surveys that will be used for internal, research purposes. These surveys will request personal information, but this information will not be sold or released to a second or third party.  
We will not disclose any of your personal information individually to any other party except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described in this privacy document. We may, however, from time to time disclose information to third parties about our members on an aggregate basis - such as XX% are male or XX% are college graduates - but information of this type will never be directly linked to any particular member or user.  
WizardUniverse.com may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any of the WizardUniverse.com User Agreements, Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) WizardUniverse.com's rights or property, WizardUniverse.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.  
All information you supply through WizardUniverse.com and/or other mechanisms becomes the intellectual property of Wizard and will not be sold or otherwise shared with other parties (with the exclusion of our agents and/or other service providers who shall use such information on the behalf of Wizard per the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy) without your permission as per the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, our User Agreements and Terms of Use. All intellectual property of Wizard may, at any time, become the intellectual property of an acquiring party of Wizard, whole or in part. 

* * *

WizardUniverse.com may utilize cookies to store and/or track information about you. A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies become important in areas where you are prompted to login or that are customizable, and a note may appear from your browser asking you to accept the cookie (depending on your browser's security settings). Other uses for cookies may also be to help us estimate our audience size, the extent and frequency of repeat usage, usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user, and to help target advertisements based on user interests, hobbies and behavior. This information is used only to generalize and track behavior of users to help us to better serve our audience. The main point of this information is to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you and other users will see on our site. In addition, advertising networks that serve ads onto WizardUniverse.com may also use their own cookies. WizardUniverse.com may also collect IP addresses for system administration as well as to report aggregate information to our advertisers.   
Whether you accept cookies or not is up to you - you have complete discretion on whether to accept cookies or not by changing your browser's security settings. Please note that some of WizardUniverse.com's products and services may be unavailable to you if you have chosen not to accept such cookies. 

* * *

We may display advertisements. By knowing a little about you, we are then able to deliver more relevant advertisements and thus, better service, to you. When targeted advertisements are ever utilized on the WizardUniverse.com site, personal information will NEVER be sold or released to the advertiser. We and/or our advertising service vendors, will serve as "middleman" in the process. We will track the characteristic the advertiser may want to target (such as hobbies of interest, age, gender, etc.), and we would be able to determine who would best benefit from the advertisement (via your already submitted personal information). The advertiser never has access to an individual's personal account information but WizardUniverse.com may share the aggregated data with advertisers or business partners. Under confidentiality agreements, WizardUniverse.com may match user information with third party data or disclose aggregated user statistics (usually general demographics) in order to describe our services to current and/or prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and/or for other lawful purposes. Promotions and other "give-aways" that appear on WizardUniverse.com may be sponsored by companies other than WizardUniverse.com or co-sponsored by WizardUniverse.com and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If any or all of the data will be shared, you will be notified prior to, or at, the time of data collection or sharing. You then can decide not to participate in the promotion if you don't want your data to be shared. Sites which you may access through links on WizardUniverse.com (i.e. Internet access partners, advertisers, other links, etc.) may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement does not cover the information practices of the aforementioned "others" linked to from our site. 

* * *

WizardUniverse.com and/or our partners may send you direct mail and/or e-mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only WizardUniverse.com and our entrusted agents will send you these direct mailings and only if you indicated that you do not object to these offers at the time you registered with WizardUniverse.com. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information (i.e. receiving a mailing/newsletter can be stopped or prevented if you indicate you are not interested in such an offer at the time of registration). Certain promotions, contests and/sweepstakes will request that you submit your e-mail address in order to update you on your score, entries, and/or status in prize drawings. 

* * *

Please note that there may be several occurrences in which you may need to transmit credit card information in order to complete a purchase transaction or for verification purposes. Any time we ask for a credit card number we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format. We will use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore any transmission that you conduct from our site is done so at your own risk. We do, however, go to extra-lengths to ensure the security of the information you transmit. All of your personal user account information is password-protected so that only you and any other party you may provide that password to will have access to your personal information. You may edit your user information but you will be required to give your user name and password. We strongly recommend that you never divulge your password to anyone. WizardUniverse.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call, in an unsolicited e-mail, or any other unsolicited form of communication. 

* * *

Ultimately, **you** as a user are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online and **advise your children that they should never provide any information about themselves on the Internet without parent's permission.**

* * *

Should you have any further questions about WizardUniverse.com’s privacy policies and procedures, please e-mail us at [privacy@wizarduniverse.com ](mailto:privacy@wizarduniverse.com) Thank you, be smart out there, and have a blast! 
