> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the twr360.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141213113019id_/http%3A//www.twr360.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy · TWR360

TWR is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible. While you can use many features of our site anonymously, you are required to provide personal information to make donations or request that we send you information or materials.

## E-mail Privacy Policy

Your privacy is extremely important to us and we will do everything possible to protect it. To that end, TWR maintains an opt-in policy for its e-mail communications. That means we only send e-mail to individuals who have requested to receive our e-mails or to people with whom we have an ongoing relationship.

Please note that all e-mail that we send you has the provision to unsubscribe built-in so that you can change your mind at any time. And you can be assured that we will not share your e-mail address with others nor will we ever sell or rent your e-mail address to anyone.

## How we collect and use personal information

If you respond to an offer, we must ask for your postal address so we can deliver the requested materials. We will not share your information obtained on this Web site with any third party organizations.

## How we protect your personal information

When making an online donation or purchasing resources, the personal data you enter on TWR's site is encrypted with secure server software (Secure Sockets Layer SSL padlock in browser Window) that encodes the information before your Web browser software sends it to us. Your information remains encrypted while it is sent to us, and is decoded only after it reaches our server, meaning hackers can not obtain any of your personal information while it is in transit.

Once the data reaches our site, the same state-of-the-art security software we use to guard all of our company's essential business data protects your personal data as well. After your purchase or donation has entered our system, your credit card information is purged. TWR does not keep a copy of your credit card number on file.

In addition to using the most secure technology available, we work tirelessly to make sure that we use any information you provide us only in ways you have approved.

## How we use cookies

At this time TWR does not use cookies to track the activity of those who visit the web site.

## What we provide to third parties

TWR does not provide any third-party access to your personal information except to facilitate your own attempts to request materials from official TWR offices and national partners in your country (if you live outside of the United States).

## Obtaining your consent

By using our Web site, you give TWR permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics.

If you wish to verify and/or change any information that we are holding about you, please call our Donor Services department at 1-800-456-7897 or e-mail us.

Additionally, if you indicate that you would:

  * like to receive additional information, by mail from TWR from time to time;
  * like to subscribe to E-Snapshots; or
  * like to join the E-mail Prayer Team,



you give TWR permission to send the material and/or e-mails you requested.

If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.

Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.

## Tell us what you think

TWR welcomes your questions and comments about our privacy policy. Please feel free to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact).
