> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the americanhomeguides.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081103054814id_/http%3A//www.americanhomeguides.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# American Home Guides Homebuyers Privacy Statement

**Information Collection and Use**

American Home Guides collects information from our users at several different points on our website including when you register with us, request information, schedule a sales center appointment, purchase listing space, and enter sweepstakes or sign up for our newsletter. The information collected includes, but is not limited to, personal information such as name, mailing address, email address, phone, income, age, occupation, financing needs, price and type of home you are seeking, reasons for moving, current housing situation, size of family, your home shopping experience, etc. American Home Guides is the sole owner of the information collected on our websites. We share this information with our advertisers that you have requested information from, or with any advertiser we feel offers a product or service you might be interested in learning about. Such advertisers may include builders, real estate agents, mortgage companies, home furnishing companies and other companies offering products or services connected with home buying, relocation, home maintenance and living in a home. Once you have completed a form, your information will be sent to one or more of our participating advertisers who will contact you by phone, U.S. postal mail service and/or by email. By submitting a form you are consenting to receive telephone calls and/or emails from our participating advertisers even if you have previously listed yourself on any Do-Not-Call Registry.

We request information from the user on several different forms including our registration forms, Rapid Request, brochure request, information request, VIP tour request, sweepstakes entry and newsletter sign up forms. Here a user must provide contact information (like name, address, and phone number). This information is used for our advertisers to contact the user, sign up for newsletter and/or sweepstakes, and receive information. You may receive emails from time to time. Users who no longer wish to receive our information may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us. It may take several days to completely remove a user from all of our lists.

Like many Web sites on the Internet, we automatically track certain information about you as you visit and use our Sites to help us to better understand how the Sites are being used and how we can enhance your overall experience on each Site and improve the information, Site functionality, products and services that we (and our advertisers and partners) provide to you. This information may include, for example, your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the URLs and Site pages you've visited, the number of times you visit each Site page, what downloads and/or search queries you have made, how long you spent on particular sections of each Site and on each Site generally, and your browser type. This automatically gathered data includes information provided through the use of "cookies" (which is described in more detail below). Through the cookies, we are able to track your visit through our Sites and we report all details, including all the personal information you previously provided to us to our advertisers whose information you reviewed while visiting our Sites.

As you visit the Sites, be aware that third parties may at times be able to gather information from and about you. For example, third party advertiser servers, companies that place advertisements on the Sites, our partners and affiliates, and other companies offering products or services through one or more of the Sites may use cookies to collect, store and use information about you and may collect information that you submit. American Home Guides' affiliates, partners, service providers and other entities that have links on one or more of the Sites may also collect information about you when you visit their Web sites or otherwise communicate with them. Although we may encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own consumer privacy policies, we are not responsible for their collection and use of user information. The information practices of those Web sites linked to one or more of the Sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other Web sites or contact the respective Webmasters of those Web sites to obtain information regarding their information collection, use and disclosure policies.

We may link information collected from you through various means, including information collected automatically and through the use of cookies and purchase information, or other Personal Information you provide to help us (or our service providers and listing providers, partners or affiliates) offer content (including, without limitation, listing recommendations), advertisements, products and services that we believe will be of interest to you, pre-populate certain data-fields (to assist in your registration or subsequent use of the tools and/or services available on the Sites), and share such information among the Sites. In addition, we may share this information, in aggregate form, with our current and potential advertisers and service providers so they can present advertisements more effectively.

The Personal Information you provide when you become a registered user or customer of one of the Sites is used primarily to help us customize your online experience, increase the convenience of accessing new tools, products and services, and, if applicable, provide the products and/or services you purchase. This Personal Information may also be shared among the Sites to make your use of the Sites more convenient by, for example, limiting the number of times you have to register with us. Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system, and it is used together with your password to prevent unauthorized access to any information you choose to store on the Sites. The data you give us about your personal preferences and demographics (e.g., your age, ZIP code, occupation or the like) may be used to help us offer content, advertisements, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to you. In addition, we may share this information, in aggregate form, with our current and potential advertisers so that they can present advertisements more effectively.

American Home Guides has a data sharing relationship with www.BeHomeWise.Com, a contact management service used by several builder advertisers. If you contact a builder who is a BeHomeWise client, American Home Guides will forward your information to that builder through BeHomeWise saving you the time and effort of providing your information directly to the builder.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp).

In the event we are required by law or by governmental authority through a lawfully issued subpoena or otherwise to provide any of your information, we will comply to their requests.
