> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the americansongwriter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629160309id_/https%3A//americansongwriter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « American Songwriter

PRIVACY POLICY

ForASong Media, LLC (American Songwriter) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This statement explains how ForASong utilizes the personally identifiable information you provide online throughout the AmericanSongwriter.com Website (the “Website”).

This Privacy Policy is provided to make you aware of American Songwriter’s privacy policy and practices.

The current version of this Privacy Policy is dated June 22, 2011.

1\. What Information We Use and How We Use It:  We use personal identifiable information (Personal Information) that is collected through AmericanSongwriter.com so that we have a way to communicate with you regarding American Songwriter’s products and offerings, to process your orders and to present the content on AmericanSongwriter.com. The types of personal information collected on these pages may include, but are not limited to, your name, email address, standard contact information, information about your web browser, IP address (the Internet address of a computer), time zone, purchase history and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.  Like many websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this website. Additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site and information about how you interact with the site.   The information is used to better understand your needs and provide you with better products and service; it is also used to ask you to participate in surveys about products, services, news and events and to provide you with targeted advertising, promotions, special offers and our products and services.  American Songwriter does not sell or rent your submitted information to third parties for marketing purposes. You also may provide additional information to us when you conduct a search on this site, place an order for merchandise, complete a questionnaire or an entry form for contests, and participate in forums and chat rooms or other community features.

You can opt out of targeted advertising through the links listed below:

Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads

Google:  https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous

or by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at http://optout.aboutads.info/

This automatically-collected information is referred to as “Device Information.” We collect Device Information using cookies, log files, web beacons, tags and pixels.  We use this device information to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address) and more generally to improve and optimize our site and to assess the success of marketing and advertising campaigns.

If you make a purchase on AmericanSongwriter.com, we collect order information such as your billing and email addresses and phone number, transactional information, and financial information such as credit card number. We use this information to process your order (including processing your payment information. arranging for shipping and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmation. Additionally, we use this order information to communicate with you, screen orders for potential fraud and provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.

2\. Who We Share Information With: We do not use your information for purposes incompatible with those listed herein. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personally identifiable information you provide on AmericanSongwriter.com with other entities who are acting on our behalf for the uses described in this policy. Such entities shall not be allowed to retain any such information beyond its use as permitted by American Songwriter.  We do share personal information with certain third parties that require it for the processing of orders on our site. For example, we use Woo Commerce to power our online store–you can read more about how Woo Commerce uses your personal information here:  https://www.woocommerce.com/privacy-policy.

3\. Materials from Us:  Your personally identifiable information provided through AmericanSongwriter.com will not be used or shared by us in ways unrelated to the ones described herein.  If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated or deleted.  If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us at support@americansongwriter.com.  Additionally, if you are a European resident, note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example, if you make an order through the site) or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests described above.  Also, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the U.S.  When you place an order through the site, we will maintain your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.

4\. Third Parties: Third-party Internet Web sites and services accessible through this Website have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information through the transmission process, and any transmission by you of information is done at your own risk.

5\. Changes to Our Privacy Policy: Please check this Privacy Policy from time to time. We may revise this Privacy Policy to keep it up to date with our products and services.

6\. Disputes: If there is any dispute about or involving the AmericanSongwriter.com Website, you agree that the dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee, USA, without regard to conflict of law provisions and you agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of the United States located in the State of Tennessee, City of Nashville. If an action is brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in that action shall be entitled to recover its costs and attorneys’ fees in that action.

7\. Other: This Privacy Policy is accepted upon your use of the AmericanSongwriter.com Website. You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States to the country in which you reside. A printed version of this privacy policy and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

8\. Questions: If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please email American Songwriter at info@americansongwriter.com.

9\. Digital Editions: Subscriptions to the digital edition of American Songwriter Magazine can be managed via your iTunes account. An annual digital subscription is $7.99 (6 issues per year). American Songwriter publishes bi-monthly print and digital issues in the months of January/February, March/April, May/June, July/August, September/October, November/December. Bi-monthly, single issues are $1.99/issue. Payment will be made through the iTunes store to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. Subscriptions automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and the cost of the renewal will be provided. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription. Any additional app editions that may be published by American Songwriter such as, but not limited to, a Special Editions, will be sold as stand-alone in-app purchases and will not be part of this subscription.
