> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the americanmigrainefoundation.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190425084933id_/https%3A//americanmigrainefoundation.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | American Migraine Foundation

Effective date: April 25, 2018

American Migraine Foundation (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the americanmigrainefoundation.org website, provides services and benefits to our members, puts on events, provides items for purchase, and communicates with our members and non-members (the “Service”).

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from americanmigrainefoundation.org.

**Definitions**

**Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be directly or indirectly identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the website or from the website infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Membership Data**

Membership Data is data collected from prospective members or current members in order to establish membership in AMF or for AMF to provide the benefits of membership or other services for members.

**Event Data**

Event Data is data collected from individuals who register to attend an event.

**Purchasing Data**

Purchasing Data is data collected from individuals who make a purchase from the American Migraine Foundation.

**Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

**Data Controller**

Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

**Data Processor (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject**

Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**User**

The User is the individual using our website.

**Information Collection and Use**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

**Types of Data Collected**

**_Personal Data_**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain Personal Data. Personal Data may include, but is not limited to:

Email address

First name and last name

Phone number

Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

Cookies and Usage Data

We may also use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters or other publications, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

**_Usage Data_**

We may also collect information how the website is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

**_Tracking Cookies Data_**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our website and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our website.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.

Examples of Cookies we use:

**Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our website.

**Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

**Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

******Use of Data**

American Migraine Foundation uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information



If we intend to use your Personal Data for purposes wholly unrelated to the purposes laid out in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you before doing so and, if necessary, ask your permission.

**Retention of Data**

We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

We retain the categories of Personal Data that we collect in the following ways:

  * We retain Membership Data indefinitely for historical reference, as well as to accurately track membership trends.
  * We retain Event Data indefinitely for historical reference and to track registration trends.
  * We retain Purchasing Data indefinitely for historical reference and to track sales trends, as well as provide customer service as necessary.
  * We retain Personal Data that we use to communicate with non-members until you opt-out of these communications. We retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained indefinitely to analyze website use, to strengthen the security, or to improve the functionality of our Service, unless legally obligated to delete this data.



**Transfer of Data**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

American Migraine Foundation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

**Disclosure of Data**

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, American Migraine Foundation may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Legal Requirements**

American Migraine Foundation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation

To protect and defend the rights or property of American Migraine Foundation

To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service

To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public

To protect against legal liability

**Security Of Data**

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**“Do Not Track” Signals**

We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

**Your Rights**

Under the GDPR, you have the following rights to your data if you are an individual located in the European Union.

American Migraine Foundation aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

  * To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.
  * To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate.
  * To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you.
  * You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to American Migraine Foundation. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
  * If we process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent to do so, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.



Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

For individuals in the European Union, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if you believe we are processing your Personal Data in a manner that is inconsistent with the applicable laws.  The relevant data protection authority is the data protection authority in the country where you live or work or where the alleged improper data processing took place.

**Service Providers**

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Analytics**

We use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.  When we share your personal data with these Service Providers, we work to ensure that they also provide your data with an adequate level of protection.  When you access American Migraine Foundation content on another platform, such as Facebook or Twitter, you can find their privacy policies located on their websites.  If you have any questions regarding the sharing of your data, please e-mail amf@talley.com.

**Payments**

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

**PayPal or Braintree**

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full>

**Links To Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

**Changes To This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: [AMF@talley.com](mailto:amf@talley.com)

By visiting this page on our website: [www.AmericanMigraineFoundation.org](https://americanmigrainefoundation.org/contact-us/)

By phone number: 856-423-0043

Some resources to review around this topic, specific to Associations:

<https://associationsnow.com/2018/04/countdown-gdpr-associations-know/>

<https://associationsnow.com/2018/03/4-data-issues-to-act-on-now-as-gdpr-looms/>

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
