> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the americamagazine.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181217150008id_/https%3A//www.americamagazine.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | America Magazine

America respects the privacy of its customers and visitors. If you have any questions about the operation of our website, please write to america@americamedia.org.

This Privacy Policy (“the Policy”) describes the policies and procedures of America Press, Inc. dba America Media (“SERVICE PROVIDER” or “WE”) on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use any website, application, or other service provided by SERVICE PROVIDER, including without limitation the website[](http://www.americamagazine.org/)[www.americamagazine.org](http://www.americamagazine.org/) (“SERVICE”). We will not use or share your information with anyone except as provided herein. This Policy does not apply to information we obtain (i) offline, (ii) by means other than through the SERVICE, or (iii) from any other source.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN. This Policy is to be read as consistent with any other contract or policy in effect.

 _1._ _Definitions._ The following terms shall be defined as set forth below.

  1.  _“Content”_ refers to all information, data, text, software, graphics, voice or sound files, photographs, videos, depictions, messages, emails, chats, text messages, documents, and other such materials that you or any third party use or transmit by or through any website, application, or other service provided by SERVICE PROVIDER, including without limitation the website[](http://www.americamagazine.org/)[www.americamagazine.org](http://www.americamagazine.org/) or the use of the SERVICE;
  2.  _“Cookies”_ refers to small data files that may convey to SERVICE PROVIDER anonymous information about how you browse the SERVICE;
  3.  _“Device Identifiers”_ are small data files or related structures stored on or associated with a mobile device which identify your specific mobile device and includes without limitation data stored in connection with hardware, operating systems, or other software, or information sent directly to SERVICE PROVIDER by the device;
  4.  _“Location Data”_ includes GPS coordinates, latitude, longitude, or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device;
  5.  _“Mobile Device”_ includes without limitation mobile telephones, iPhones, tablets, iPads, Androids, and any similar technology or item;
  6.  _“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”_ includes non-private and/or aggregated information that does not identify a user (including without limitation anonymous usage data and platform types);
  7.  _“Persistent Cookies”_ refers to cookies that remain on a hard drive after a web browser is closed to be used by the browser on subsequent visits to the SERVICE;
  8.  _“Personal Identifying Information”_ refers to information that includes a user’s name or otherwise could be deemed by a reasonable person to identify a user or distinguish a user from all other users;
  9.  _“Session Cookies”_ refers to cookies that are temporary and disappear after a web browser is closed;
  10.  _“SSL”_ means secure socket layer technology;
  11. “ _Subscriber_ ” means any person who purchases a subscription or otherwise subscribes to the print edition of _America_ magazine;
  12.  _“User”_ means any person who accesses or uses the SERVICE, including without limitation, a Subscriber; and,
  13.  _You”_ means any user of the SERVICE.



 _2._ _Information SERVICE PROVIDER Collects & Uses._ SERVICE PROVIDER uses the information you provide to (i) operate, maintain, and offer the features and functionality of the SERVICE, (ii) analyze how the SERVICE is used, (iii) diagnose service or technical problems, (iv) maintain security, (v) personalize content, (vi) store and remember information to help you more efficiently access your account, (vii) monitor metrics including without limitation the total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, and (viii) track content and users so as to comply with all applicable law, rules, and regulations, including without limitation the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

 _3._ _Information Provided by Users._ You are providing personally identifiable information about yourself such as your name and email address. We collect this information if you register to use the SERVICE in any way, including without limitation subscribing to our newsletter; follow us on social media and related sites such as Facebook and Twitter; or download or apply for any applications offered by SERVICE PROVIDER through any third party site or network. Depending on your settings and authorizations on the SERVICE, the information you choose to provide will be viewable by and accessible to third parties. We do not, however, sell, rent or give email addresses to any third party.

 _4._ _Use of Subscriber Addresses._ Subscribers will be required to provide certain information, including without limitation a mailing address, to Specialized Fulfillment Services, a third party vendor. That information will be handled in accordance with the vendor’s own privacy policy. From time to time we may rent mailing addresses provided by Subscribers to third-party marketers. Subscribers may call (800) 627-9533 to be removed from the rental list.

 _5._ _Access By Third Party Social Networking Services_. If you choose to access, visit and/or use any third party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with the SERVICE, we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device that you have made available to those services, including information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our SERVICE to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our SERVICE. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our SERVICE or enhance or personalize your experience on our SERVICE. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our SERVICE is voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our SERVICE by visiting those services' respective privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. We reserve the right to use certain personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile, or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Policy as all of your other information.

 _6._ _Email._ We may use your email address to send you notices, including those required by law, related to the SERVICE. Notices may include marketing materials. You may opt out of receiving marketing materials via email to members@americamedia.org. Communication by email may be public, including your name, email address, the content of any messages you send to the SERVICE, and the content of any message the SERVICE sends to you. You agree to be contacted by email as opposed to postal mail. We do not, however, sell, rent or give email addresses to any third party.

 _7._ _Content._ You also provide information in the content that you post on the SERVICE. This content and metadata may be accessed by other users based on your security settings and authorizations. SERVICE PROVIDER can, but is not obligated to, monitor content posted on the SERVICE. It can remove any information that you post for any reason or no reason. Except for content viewable in accordance with your authorizations and security settings, SERVICE PROVIDER and its agents and employees will not view your content except to (i) maintain, provide, or improve the SERVICE, (ii) provide assistance to you and resolve support requests, or (iii) comply with or avoid violation of applicable law or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement, all in SERVICE PROVIDER’s sole discretion.

 _8._ _Cookies._ When you use the SERVICE, we may send one or more cookies to your computer to uniquely identify your browser and let SERVICE PROVIDER help you log in faster and enhance site navigation. Persistent cookies may be removed per your web browser’s instructions. You can also set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Some SERVICE features may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

 _9._ _Log Files._ When you use the SERVICE our servers automatically record certain information sent by your web browser. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, URLs, number of clicks, how you interact with links on the SERVICE, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, mobile carrier, and similar information.

 _10._ _Clear Gifs Information._ We may employ clear gifs (also known as “web beacons”) to track online usage patterns. We may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting and improve the SERVICE.

 _11._ _Do Not Track (DNT)_. As discussed below, you may opt out of third party tracking on the SERVICE at any time. However, we do not currently support any browser-based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals.

 _12._ _Opting Out of Third Party Tracking Technologies_. Advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times use tracking technologies to show you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on the SERVICE and other websites, applications, and services you have visited and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending duplicates and for other lawful purposes. In doing so, these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including, for example, the make, model, settings, specifications, and geographic location of your computer, mobile, or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, advertisements viewed, the sites, applications, destinations, and services you arrived from, and other clickstream data. The use of tracking technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the services that tracking technologies provide, you may be able to opt out by visiting[](http://www.aboutads.info/)[http://www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).

 _13._ _Information Security and Notification._ No data transmission is completely secure, and no security system, physical or electronic, can be completely protected. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers, networks, or databases. By using the SERVICE you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information, including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other registration information, sent to us or collected by us when you access, visit, or otherwise use the SERVICE. __We are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. Furthermore, if you elect to store information where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile, or other device, or if any such device is stolen, and that device contains personally identifiable information, it is your responsibility to take all the steps necessary to protect the integrity of that information. In the unlikely event we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you in the manner of our choosing, which may be via computer, mobile, or other device.

 _14._ _Location Data._ When you use the SERVICE by or through a mobile device, SERVICE PROVIDER may access, collect, monitor, and/or remotely store location data. Location data may convey to SERVICE PROVIDER information about how you use the SERVICE. It does not collect or provide us with personally identifying information about you; however, location data may be used in conjunction with personally identifying information. Some features of the SERVICE may not operate properly if use or availability of location data is limited or disabled.

 _15._ _Device Identifiers._ When a user accesses the SERVICE by or through a computer, mobile, or other device, SERVICE PROVIDER may access, collect, monitor, and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers, including, without limitation, its geographic location and use such information for any lawful business purpose. SERVICE PROVIDER may use device identifiers to improve the SERVICE. The device identifier may provide SERVICE PROVIDER with information about how you use the SERVICE but it does not collect or share personally identifying information. A device identifier may, however, be used in conjunction with personally identifying information and may remain on your device to speed up the login process and enhance navigation on the SERVICE. Some aspects of the SERVICE may not function properly if the availability and use of device identifiers is limited or disabled. SERVICE PROVIDER may access, collect, and store device identifiers once the user enables the SERVICE.

 _16._ _Third Party Tools._ SERVICE PROVIDER may use third party tools (e.g. Google Analytics or similar tools) to study SERVICE usage and performance. Many of these tools collect the information sent by your web browser as part of a web page request (including cookies and your IP address). These tools receive the information provided to SERVICE PROVIDER and use it as governed by their own privacy policies.

 _17._ _Using Your Information (User)._ SERVICE PROVIDER will display your information on the SERVICE in accordance with your authorizations and security preferences. The information that you provide for inclusion on the SERVICE should reflect how much you want others to know about you. Consider this carefully before disclosing any information and recognize that the more content you provide the less anonymous you may be. You can review and revise your user information at any time. SERVICE PROVIDER may share or disclose information with your consent.

 _18._ _Sharing Information with Third Parties._ SERVICE PROVIDER may share your personally identifying information with third parties for the purpose of providing the SERVICE, but only to the extent necessary to provide the SERVICE. Information may also be stored in locations outside of SERVICE PROVIDER’s direct control. SERVICE PROVIDER may share your information with a third party application with your consent including without limitation when you access the SERVICE through such third party application. SERVICE PROVIDER is not responsible for any third party’s use or disclosure of your information. You should only use applications that you trust and that have privacy policies that you consider acceptable.

 _19._ _Use of aggregated data._ SERVICE PROVIDER reserves the right to use, transfer, and share aggregated, anonymous data about its users as a group for any lawful business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible subscribers.

 _20._ _Business Transfers._ In the course of its operations, SERVICE PROVIDER may buy or sell assets or make certain offerings. Customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Information may also be transferred or assigned in the event of a divestiture, merger, or dissolution.

 _21._ _Non-Personally Identifiable Information._ SERVICE PROVIDER may use non-personally identifiable information with third parties for any purpose whatsoever.

 _22._ _Information Security._ SERVICE PROVIDER takes commercially reasonable measures to protect the security of user data.

  1.  _SSL._ SERVICE PROVIDER and/or its vendors use SSL for the encrypted transmission of sensitive information including credit card numbers;
  2.  _Back Up._ SERVICE PROVIDER and/or its vendors continuously and regularly backup your data to help prevent loss and assist in recovery;
  3.  _Common Web Attacks._ SERVICE PROVIDER and/or its vendors protect against common web attack vectors, host data in secure data centers, and implement firewalls and access restriction on their servers to secure their network.
  4.  _Notification of Breach._ In the event personal information is compromised as a result of a security breach, SERVICE PROVIDER will promptly notify those users whose information is reasonably believed to have been affected.



 _23._ _Disclaimer of Warranties._ No method of electronic transmission or storage is completely secure. The SERVICE is provided “AS IS” and SERVICE PROVIDER makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning the security or integrity of any user data. All implied warranties, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed.

 _24._ _No Obligation to Provide Information._ You are not obligated to provide any information to SERVICE PROVIDER. However, the failure to provide SERVICE PROVIDER with certain information may limit or otherwise impact the services available on the SERVICE.

 _25._ _Children’s Privacy._ The SERVICE is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13 years. SERVICE PROVIDER does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 years or knowingly allow such persons to register for the SERVICE. If SERVICE PROVIDER learns that it has collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 years without verification of parental consent, SERVICE PROVIDER will promptly take steps to remove that information. If you believe that SERVICE PROVIDER has or may have information from or about a child under 13 years of age, please contact SERVICE PROVIDER at members@americamedia.org.

 _26._ _Notice to California Customers – Your California Privacy Rights_. You have the right to opt out of our sharing your information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you wish to opt of our sharing of your information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, please contact customer service at (800) 627-9533.

 _27._ Compliance with EU directives. SERVICE PROVIDER complies with the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC framework as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. SERVICE PROVIDER adheres to the requirements of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.

 _28\. Links to Other Websites._ SERVICE PROVIDER is not responsible or liable for the practices employed by the owners or users of websites linked to or from the SERVICE. Furthermore, SERVICE PROVIDER is not responsible or liable for the information or content on such third party sites. This Privacy Policy is only in effect for the SERVICE and not for any third party website and you are subject to the terms of use and privacy and other policies of such third party website.

 _29._ _Discussion Rooms, Comments, Etc._ Any information posted in a discussion room, group room, comments, blog, or the like is considered publicly accessible and the user should not post any information it wishes to keep confidential.

 _30._ _Modifications._ SERVICE PROVIDER reserves the right to change this Policy from time to time without notice and in its sole discretion. The modifications will take effect immediately upon posting on the SERVICE website. Continued access of the SERVICE website by you will constitute your acceptance of any modifications or revisions to this Policy.

REVISED May 24, 2018.
