> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the americancampus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170509020108id_/https%3A//www.americancampus.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Student Housing & Student Apartments - Privacy Policy - American Campus Communities

Effective Date: December 14, 2016

This privacy policy governs the websites operated by American Campus Communities, Inc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities. 

 _Privacy Policy_

Our goal is to provide you with an excellent customer experience. We will take reasonable measures to protect the privacy of our applicants, residents, prospective residents, and Website visitors. We collect personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of the information we collect and the ways in which we will protect that information.

 _Information Submitted by Applicants_

In order for one of our properties to process a lease application, applicants must provide some personally identifiable information, including an applicant’s name, physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number, and date of birth. This information will be used to identify and consider the applicant for residency, and to contact the resident and/or the resident’s guarantor. We may also request contact information from prospective residents who visit or call one of our properties. This information may be used to contact prospective residents, or to inform them of news or promotions. The information you submit to one of our properties may be accessed by the property, and by American Campus Communities and its affiliates in order to operate and manage the services, understand our residents and residents’ guarantors, and to develop new products and services. If American Campus Communities enters into a business transaction with another party that involves the sale, transfer, or merger of all or a part of our business or involves granting security over all or part of our business, American Campus Communities may disclose your personal information to the other party for the purposes of the business transaction. In addition, your personal information may also be disclosed to a credit bureau or investigative agency during the application process or to a collection agency or others in the event of contract default in order to collect a debt or to seek compensation. We will disclose your personal information without your consent in response to a subpoena, warrant or order of a judicial or governmental authority with jurisdiction. We may also disclose your personal information in response to a lawful request from law enforcement officials or other governmental authorities or if we have reasonable grounds to believe that the information is relevant to a breach of contract or laws or in other cases where we are permitted to by law in connection with protecting our legal rights or those of others.  In matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, we may voluntarily provide information to appropriate government authorities. We also use and disclose non-personally identifiable, aggregate information to operate our websites, understand user behavior, develop new products and services, and other purposes provided that those purposes do not permit you to be identified.  Scroll down to learn more about the online data we collect.

 _Service Providers and Storage of Information_

We use affiliates and third-party service providers to assist us in our business, and our websites may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between our websites and a third-party website, platform, tool, application or other service, and accessing or display of third-party content via our websites (“Third Party Services”). These affiliates and third-party service providers collect information in connection with online payments, process payment transactions, facilitate communications, perform website analytics, utilize online targeted advertising and perform other services related to our business. Our affiliates may use your personal information for business planning purposes. Service providers are only permitted to use your information for their own purposes if that information is aggregated, statistical and de-identified, or if they have your consent. American Campus Communities and its affiliates and service providers may process and store personal information in the United States and other jurisdictions. Your personal information may be subject to the laws of those other jurisdictions.

 _E-commerce_

E-commerce information is encrypted and transmitted using industry standard encryption protocols. These transactions are processed by third parties and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.

 _IP Addresses_

We collect your IP address when you visit the websites to help us administer the websites, diagnose problems and report aggregated information to our third party service providers and partners.

 _Cookies_

Our websites may use cookies, web beacons and other similar tracking technologies.  Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.  Web beacons and other similar tracking technologies allow us to track interactions with our websites or particular features on our websites.

We also use cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies to tailor advertisements to you and provide you with a personalized marketing experience.  We share website usage information about our visitors and applicants with selected third-parties for the purpose of targeting Internet advertisements on our websites and other websites that display our advertisements.  Read more about Exercising Choices Regarding Analytics and Advertising below.

We may also use Local Shared Objects, sometimes called “flash cookies,” to store information relating to your use of our websites on your computer’s hard drive to personalize and enhance your experience on our websites.

You can set your Internet browser to refuse to accept cookies, but by doing so certain services may not function properly.

 _Exercising Choices Regarding Analytics and Advertising_

We may use Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or other web site providers for analytics services.  These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help us analyze how users use our websites.  Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other online data) may be transmitted to and stored by Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and other website providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these website providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of our websites, compiling statistic reports on our websites' activity, and providing other services relating our websites activity and other Internet usage.  We only retain aggregated data from Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.  You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going to <http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html> under the section labeled “Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you.”

We may engage and work with third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf on our websites, and/or on Third Party Services, and to provide analytics about the performance of our ads.  Some information about your browsing of our websites and certain Third Party Services may be collected across time and services and shared with third parties to deliver ads and/or other content to you on our websites and certain Third Party Services.  We may receive information about Third Party Services that you have visited and use it for marketing purposes—a practice sometimes termed “(re)-targeting,” “interest-based advertising,” and “online behavioral advertising” (collectively, “Interest-based Ads”).  We may participate in online advertising networks and exchanges that display Interest-based Ads to you on Third Party Services.  These entities may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to automatically collect information about you and your activities, such as registering a unique identifier for your device and tying that to your online activities on and off of our websites.

Certain companies we work with to serve Interest-based Ads participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for Interest-based Ads on the ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting.  You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program at <http://www.youradchoices.com/> and its opt-out program for mobile apps at <http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices>. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges we work with to serve Interest-based Ads may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of certain Interest-based Ads delivered by NAI members' ad networks.  To learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or to use the NAI tool, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.  Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Ads, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads.  Further, opting out of one or more NAI or DAA members only means that those selected members should no longer under the DAA / NAI rules deliver certain targeted ads to you.  This selective opting out will affect our websites and other services, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks).  Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser(s), or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.  Mobile device opt-outs will not affect browser-based Interest-based Ads even on the same device, and you must opt-out separately for each device. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.  However, we support the ad industry’s 2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (<http://www.iab.net/media/file/ven-principles-07-01-09.pdf>) and expect that ad networks we directly engage to serve you Interest-based Ads will do so as well, though we cannot guaranty their compliance.

 _Linked Sites_

Our websites may contain links to other sites for organizations that are not directly affiliated with American Campus Communities.  Also, American Campus Communities may have a presence on one or more social-networking sites to which you may have access. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites, and recommend that you review their privacy statements as they may differ from those of American Campus Communities.

 _Questions, Access and Complaints_

If you have questions about our privacy practices or you would like to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you, or you have a complaint about a privacy matter, please write to our Privacy Officer at [privacy@americancampus.com](mailto:privacy@americancampus.com?subject=American%20Campus%20Communities%20Privacy%20Policy).

 _Security_

We are committed to online privacy and security. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your non-public personal information both during transmission and once it is in our possession. While our security measures are intended to protect your non-public personal information, the complete security of any transmission over the public internet cannot be guaranteed. As a result, we do not warrant the security of any electronically stored information or information you transmit to us over the Internet.

 _Changes to this Privacy Policy_

By using our websites, you consent to our collection and use of information about you. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will let you know by posting the updated policy on this page and updating the policy’s “Effective Date” above.  By continuing to access or use our websites or services after an update, you agree to be bound by the terms of the updated Privacy Policy.  
