> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the americanapparel.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181114004542id_/http%3A//www.americanapparel.com/aboutus/privacypolicy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Us

1\. This website is owned and operated by Gildan Activewear SRL. (hereinafter the "Site Owner" or "we", or "us"). Your use of this website is subject to the following terms and all applicable laws. 

2\. No Collection of Personal Information for Browsing Purposes. Unless otherwise specified in this Policy or in our Cookie Policy, the Site Owner does not collect personal information about you unless specifically and knowingly provided by you, either by ordering products or through downloads or subscriptions to a specific online service, including subscription to promotional emails. 

3\. Purpose of Collection of Personal Information. We collect Personal Information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us. It can be in connection with your purchases on the Website, your subscription to emails and newsletters, your reviews of our products, your participation to contests and any other type of activities for which you would need to provide your information. The provision of your Personal Information is voluntary; we do not collect Personal Information when you visit the Website, unless specified in this Policy or in our Cookie Policy. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain of our products or services 

4\. Collection and Use of Information. The Site Owner obtains its information about you directly from you. Depending on the type of product or service requested, the Site Owner may require information such as your name, birthday, gender, address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, or credit card number and other additional information (“Personal Information”). Personal Information will be collected only for the purpose of fulfilling the specific request for information or for products or services requested at the time the information is collected unless you specifically consent, at the time, to another use of your personal information. 

We may use your Personal Information in order to: (1) process your orders; (2) contact you to confirm your order, including sending you emails to acknowledge your order and confirm your order status and shipment or if there is difficulty in completing or shipping your order; (3) respond to your requests, (4) administer contests and others promotions you participate to, (5) improve your customer experience, (6) enforce this Privacy Policy or the Website Terms of Use, and where you have specifically consented or requested us to do so (7) to send you newsletters, (8) to send you promotional emails and (9) to inform you of new products, services and offers. Any Personal Information is only obtained by the Site Owner if you supply it voluntarily. 

In addition, we collect other information that is not Personal Information, including IP addresses, aggregate user data, Site usage information, and browser type to help diagnose problems with our server, manage and improve this Website, track usage, and for security and monitoring purposes. This information aids us in merchandising and improving the design and layout of this Website. This non-personal information does not identify you personally. 

We does not retrieve any information from your personal computer and will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when the Site Owner has your express consent or under special circumstances, such as when the Site Owner believes in good faith that the law requires it to do so. 

5\. Sharing and Use of Information Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not share or sell your Personal Information. We may share your information, including your Personal Information, with companies that are affiliated with us (e.g. companies operating in the fields of data analytics, digital marketing and consumer experience), in order to help us to manage and maintain the Website or to deliver the products, services or information you request. We may share your information, including your Personal Information, for many reasons, including without limitation, facilitating some aspects of our Site, sending e-mail, fulfilling purchase requests, delivering orders, processing credit cards and payment information, verification, fraud prevention, credit card authorization, serving, customizing or delivering marketing material, and auditing. These companies may be supplied with or have access to your Personal Information and non- Personal Information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf. We have agreements with these companies that prevent them from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than what we require them to do with it. Some of the companies that we use to perform services are located in the United States. These companies may process and store your Personal Information in the United States. In the event that your Personal Information is processed or stored in the United States, the United States government, courts, and law enforcement and regulatory agencies may be able to obtain your Personal Information through the laws of the United States without prior notice or consent. We may disclose your personal information in special circumstances where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who we believes is in violation of our rights. We may also disclose the information for administrative and other purposes that it deems necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services or in the event that all or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party. Additionally, there may be instances when we may disclose Personal Information without prior notice or consent in order to (1) protect the legal rights of Gildan Activewear SRL and its and affiliated companies, their employees, agents and contractors; (2) to protect the safety and security of visitors to our site; (3) to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (4) to comply with the laws or legal processes of the United States, Canada, or other countries or (5) in the event that all or substantially all of Site Owner’s assets are acquired by a third party. Because the Website links to social media sites, and from time to time may include third-party advertisements, other parties may collect your personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different web sites when you visit this Website. If you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see [http://donottrack.us/](https://donottrack.us/). 

6\. Transfers. We operate a global business. By using our services, you understand that we may transfer some of the information we gather to the United States for storage purposes. 

The United States, European Economic Area (“EEA”) Member States, and other countries all have different laws. When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal information may vary from country to country. In particular, if your information is in the US, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with US law. 

To the extent that Site Owner is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal basis to transfer your information: 

Necessary for the performance of the contract between Site Owner and its members 

As we operate in countries worldwide (including in the US) and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your personal information to the US. We cannot provide you with our services and perform our contract with you without moving your personal information to the US. 

7\. Information retention. We will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your American Apparel member account), as described in this policy, or as needed to provide services to you. If you no longer want the Site Owner to use your information to provide services to you, you may close your account. Site Owner will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy. We also retain log files that are only used in the event an order is abruptly ended. These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods. 

8\. Cookies and analytics tool. We may use cookies to estimate the Website size audience and gather other information or we may use third party advertising companies to do it or to deliver ads or conduct email campaigns on our behalf. We and these companies may employ cookies (very small text files that are downloaded on your hard disk from certain web pages of the site) and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Cookies are then used to determine the extent of repeated use and the extent of use by a registered user versus an unregistered user to help the Site Owner better personalize the content, banner, and promotion that you and other users will view on this Website. 

If you do not agree to the use of these cookies please disable them by following the instructions for your browser set out [www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/](https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/). However, some of the services will not function so well if cookies are disabled. 

The Site Owner use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. The Site Owner uses the information it gets from Google Analytics only to improve this Website. For example, the Site Owner might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. The Site Owner might also use these cookies to highlight articles or Website services that the Site Owner think will be of interest to you based on your usage of this Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Website, rather than your name or other identifying information. The Site Owner do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personal information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use. You can find more information and the Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics on [http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html](https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Website by disabling cookies on your browser or you may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>. 

9\. Access to, Correction and Deletion of Personal Information. Should a user profile be accessible, you may access it, modify any information and preferences regarding your user profile, or require the deletion of your Personal Information by sending an email to the Site Owner’s Privacy Officer, Eva Gazurek at [Privacy.officer@gildan.com](mailto:Privacy.officer@gildan.com). You may also object to the processing of your Personal Information by sending an email to [Privacy.officer@gildan.com](mailto:Privacy.officer@gildan.com). 

10\. Security and Risks Related to Internet. This Website has security measures in place to help protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under the Site Owner's control. This Website uses no encryption (data scrambling) on certain portions of this Website, but uses encryption on portions where you are transmitting financial information, such as credit card information. When you are on any web site that asks you for confidential information, you should check to see if the information being transmitted is encrypted in order to increase the security of your information. Although every effort is taken to ensure no one else will view, seize or obtain your Personal Information, complete confidentiality and security is not yet possible over the Internet. Any unencrypted email communication over the Internet is not secure or confidential, and is subject to possible interception, loss and alteration. The Site Owner, its agents, administrators, employees and affiliates may not be held liable for any damages you or anyone else may suffer or incur as a result of the transmission of confidential or sensitive information over the Internet, and that all such communications will be made at your own risk. 

11\. Monitoring. The Site Owner may, from time to time, monitor access to, use of and other activities relating to this Website for the purposes of maintenance of this Website, reviewing proper and legal use of this Website and security-related issues. The Site Owner may intervene in relation thereto but does not make any representation or warranty that it will do so. You hereby consent to any such monitoring and intervention. 

12\. Hyperlinks to Other Sites. This Website may contain hyperlinks to other sites. The Site Owner is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites and any information that you provide to such other websites shall be subject to the privacy policies of the owners of such other websites. 

13\. Use of Personal Information by Employees of the Site Owner. Certain employees of the Site Owner or of its affiliates will be provided with information about you in order to provide services or information that you have requested regarding specific products or services. These employees are instructed to use strict standards of care in handling your personal and confidential information. 

14\. YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE DISCLOSURE BY THE SITE OWNER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TRANSMITTED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE TO THE SITE OWNER'S EMPLOYEES AND TO THE SITE OWNER’S AFFILIATE’S EMPLOYEES IN ORDER TO ALLOW THEM TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT YOU MAY REQUEST. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME. 

15\. Information about Products and Services. The Site Owner may occasionally send you e-mail messages about products and services where you have specifically consented to receive such information. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, you may do so by cancelling your subscription to such email messages by contacting the Site Owner at <https://www.americanapparel.com/account/update-my-profile.jsp>. 

16\. Children’s Policy. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. Please do not allow children under the age of 13 to provide any PII through this Website. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided PII in violation of our Privacy Policy, we will delete that information as soon as practical. If you learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, please send us an email at [service@americanapparel.com](mailto:service@americanapparel.com) so we can delete this information. 

17\. Severability. If any provision hereof is held illegal, invalid or unenforceable by any competent authority in any jurisdiction, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any manner affect or render illegal, invalid or unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision hereof in any jurisdiction. 

18\. Modification of these Terms. We may modify, alter or otherwise update the Privacy Policy applicable to this Website, in our sole discretion, from time to time, by updating this posting. The date of the last modification will appear at the top hereof. We will provide additional notice in advance (e.g., a disclaimer on our website or an email to subscribers) if material changes are being made, specifically if we make significant changes to how we handle Personal Information. You should review this Privacy Policy each time you access and use this Website. Your access and use of this Website constitutes irrefutable evidence of your consent to be bound by these terms and conditions. 

19\. Governing Law. These terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable thereto without reference to principles of conflict of laws. You agree to be bound by such laws. 

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these terms or the use of this Website, including any matters regarding the validity or application of the terms of use, is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court located in the State of Delaware, United States of America. 

20\. Jurisdiction. This Website is controlled and operated by the Site Owner from Newton Christ Church BB 17047, Barbados. 

21\. All complaints and requests for access to, or modification or destruction of personal information may be made to Site Owner’s Privacy Officer who can be reached by any of the following means:
