> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the koleimports.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231214157id_/http%3A//www.koleimports.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Kole Imports - Wholesale Dollar Store Merchandise

Last Updated: May 4th, 2009

At Kole Imports ("Kole"), visitor privacy is of paramount importance. This is information about how Kole uses personal identifying information visitors provide Kole. "Personal identifying information" is information that individually identifies a person, such as name, physical address, email address, and telephone numbers.

#### Data collection

Kole asks for some personal information in order to create an account. Visitors are required to register to be able to see prices and to order merchandise. Registering visitors are asked for the following information; required fields will have * next to them:

  * A login name* and password* (which visitors will use in the future to access their account)
  * Business Name*
  * Contact First Name*
  * Contact Last Name*
  * Phone Number*
  * Email Address (visitors can uncheck a box asking for permission to send emails in the future)
  * I sell General Merchandise* (visitors must answer "yes" or "no" to this question)
  * How did you find us? (visitors fill in an answer)
  * If you have talked to one of our sales reps before, please select their name from this list.



If a visitor places an order, Kole asks for the ordering visitor's billing and shipping address. The visitor is given the option to enter a purchase order number and any special notes about the order. Kole uses that information to provide the service.

Once registered, a customer is allowed to see prices and quantities, and to put items into a shopping cart. Customers/visitors receive an automatically generated email from the sales representative who is assigned to the customer's account.

Registered customers also can see the items in their purchase history, and in general, their last prices paid for items, if applicable.

#### Cookies

Kole uses cookies for certain functions necessary to service its customers. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Kole uses cookies for the following functions:

  * To hold the items the customer has placed into a shopping cart during an ordering session.
  * To store the sales representative code assigned to a customer.
  * To store a referral identification.
  * To store a registration code for the customer. A registration code is a unique customer number generated by the Kole site to identify each customer.



All visitors/customers can reset their browsers to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Kole web site features or services may not function properly without cookies.

#### Information sharing

Except as stated below, Kole does not share any personally identifying information with any other company or individual.

Kole does use a third-party company, Hostway, to maintain its server and site. Hostway does not share with any other company or individual any of the personally identifying information provided by Kole. By using Kole's services, visitors/ customers consent to transmission of their personally identifying information to Hostway as necessary for Kole to maintain its site and provide service to its customers. Kole reserves its right to replace Hostway with another third-party who performs similar services.

#### Information security

Customer information is maintained on-site in a Microsoft SQL Server 2000 database, hosted by a computer at Hostway, running Microsoft Windows 2000 Server. The database is password protected. Hostway is responsible for both the physical security of the computer and for maintaining operating system security. Some customer data is transferred securely from that server to a computer at Kole Imports, which is secure and password protected.

#### Updating Customer Information

Customers cannot update their information online. Any customer who wishes to update information must contact Kole directly.

#### Changes to this Policy

Please note this privacy policy may change from time to time. We expect that any such changes would be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. We will post changes to this page, and we will provide a more prominent notice of any significant changes. We will archive prior versions of the privacy policy with a link for visitor access.

#### Contact

E-mail contact at Kole Imports for questions regarding privacy policy: brian@koleimports.com.

Brian Winkelman   


Web Manager, Kole Imports   


24600 S. Main Street, Carson, CA 90745   


(800)874-7766 ext. 195
