> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ndm.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161204211004id_/http%3A//www.ndm.edu/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy · Notre Dame of Maryland University

Notre Dame of Maryland University ("NDMU") holds in high regard the privacy rights of our website visitors. To demonstrate our commitment to user privacy, we provide the following information describing what information we collect from site visitors and how that information is used. Because we need to maintain effective privacy practices, NDMU reserves the right to update and amend this policy without notice.

  1. **Non-personally identifiable information.**  NDMU collects a variety of information from its website visitors. Some of this data is not personally identifiable and is collected automatically via the use of cookies and other standard web technology. Automatically-collected information might include: the operating system on your computer, the type of web browser you are using, your IP address, and the links you followed to enter and leave our site.  
 
  2. **Personally identifiable information.** Personally identifiable information is information supplied by the user for the purposes of receiving information or services.  For example, you may choose to provide your name, address or telephone number in the “Contact Us” section of our website.  Personally identifiable information is collected only on a voluntary basis at the option of the website user.  
 
  3. **FERPA.**  Personally identifiable information for enrolled students is protected by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”) administered by the U.S. Department of Education. Additional information on FERPA is available [here](http://www.ndm.edu/admissions/financial-aid/consumer-information/family-education-rights-and-pr/).  
 
  4. **Use of information.**  Non-personally identifiable information is used to help us improve our site by enabling us to discover and address the needs of our site visitors. This includes making our website accessible to the variety of web browsers and operating systems used to access our site. Personal information collected through the site by means of your voluntary submission, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address and other contact information, is used for the purpose of responding to your requests for information about NDMU programs, events, activities and services or to contact you about future programs and services. NDMU does not share personal information with third parties, apart from release of “directory information” as described in the University’s [FERPA policy](http://www.ndm.edu/offices-and-services/registrar/) or certain authorized vendors bound by confidentiality agreements with NDMU who must utilize the information to perform necessary duties (such as credit card authorization, federal student aid processing and textbook ordering). “Directory information” disclosures include verifying enrollment for employment or credit application purposes. Personally identifiable information may be used when disclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with law or protect the rights, property or safety of other visitors to NDMU’s website, to the NDMU community, or to the public.  
 
  5. **Security of information.**  NDMU uses best practices to protect security of personal information collected through its website. Financial transactions submitted through the website are encrypted using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.  
 
  6. **User options regarding collection of information.**  With regard to automatically collected information, it is standard practice for most websites to collect non-personally identifiable information. Website users are unable to opt out of providing this non-personally identifiable information. Pllease be assured that this information is collected only for internal website development purposes and will not be used for NDMU marketing solicitations. NDMU’s website uses “cookies” to keep track of visitors’ use of the website.  This allows NDMU to improve the visitor’s experience. Any other non-personal information collected through the use of cookies may be opted out of by disabling or rejecting cookies for our site. For more information on cookies, including how you can delete or reject cookies, please refer to your web browser help file. Cookies help us to customize and improve your web browsing experience with us. Disabling or rejecting cookies may impact your user experience as they are necessary to provide you with geographically targeted information.  
 
  7. **Requesting removal from NDMU marketing lists.**  You may opt out of NDMU marketing solicitations at any time. [Request removal from NDMU's marketing lists.](http://www.ndm.edu/opt-out)  
 
  8. **Advertising.  **We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you these types of targeted ads from NDMU, you may delete or disable cookies. Most browsers have a "Help" feature that will provide instructions for these actions. 
  9. **Limitation of liability.**  The NDMU website may contain links to third party websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices and content of such websites.. Links to these websites are provided as a convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the linked site, its operator or contents. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the NDMU website. We encourage our site visitors to review the privacy policies of each website they visit.
  10. **Children Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.**  This website is not directed at individuals under the age of 13.  NDMU will not accept or request personally identifiable information from individuals we know to be under the age of 13.  If you believe that NDMU has collected personally identifiable information about your child or any other child under the age of 13, please notify us immediately  
 
  11. **For more information.**  For further information about this privacy policy, please contact the webmaster at:  
NDMU  
4701 N Charles St.  
Knott 328  
Baltimore MD 21210[  
](mailto:legal@strayer.edu)[webmaster@ndm.edu](mailto:webmaster@ndm.edu)


