> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ksl.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606235745id_/http%3A//ksl.com/index.php%3Fnid%3D250%26sid%3D95314) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | ksl.com

(Last revised August 1, 2012) 

**General.**  This Site, whether web based, mobile web, or app, (the "Site") is operated by Deseret Digital Media ("Operator"). The following Privacy Statement (the "Statement") supplements the [Terms of Use](http://www.ksl.com/?sid=95313&nid=250) posted elsewhere within the Site. You should read the Statement and the Terms of Use before you use the Site. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by all of the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced in the Statement. You should review the Statement from time to time. Operator may change the Statement at any time without notice by posting revisions to the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the revised Statement. If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Statement, you must exit the Site immediately. 

**No Use by Children.**  The Site is not directed to, nor intended for use by, children (defined as anyone age thirteen (13) or younger). Children should not use the Site nor submit any information to Operator. 

**What Information is Collected.**  There are two general types of information that can be collected as a result of your use of the Site: (1) Personally Identifiable Information (such as your first and last name, home or other physical address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, other identifiers that permit physical or online contact with you, or any information about you collected online and maintained in personally identifiable form in combination with any of the preceding categories) ("PII"), and (2) aggregate information (such as your IP address - a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet - the type of browser you are using, or other device specific information). 

**How is Information Collected.** Operator collects information both actively and passively. For example, Operator will collect information about you that you voluntarily provide on the Site. In addition to information provided directly by you, Operator and third parties with features at the Site may collect aggregate information through the use of "cookies" or by other electronic means. In general, a cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. With most browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You can refer to the instructions for your browser to learn more about these functions. If you choose to reject cookies, the Site likely will not operate as efficiently for you. 

**Personally Identifiable Information.**  Certain features available within the Site will require you to submit PII about yourself as a condition of participation. Some of the features may be offered by Operator, while others may be offered by third parties. (For example, you may be required to submit PII in order to enter a contest conducted by Operator, or you may be required to submit PII in order to receive news updates by email from a third party news source.) In addition, Operator may ask you to provide PII for purposes unrelated to the use of a feature within the Site. IN ALL CASES, YOU CAN ALWAYS REFUSE TO PROVIDE PII, BUT THIS MAY RESULT IN DECREASED FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE FOR YOU AND LIMIT YOUR ABILITY TO RECEIVE INFORMATION ABOUT PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT MAY BE OF PARTICULAR INTEREST TO YOU. In general, the use of Personal Information you choose to submit to a third party in connection with your use of the Site will be controlled by the privacy practices of the third party and not this Statement. 

**Ownership and Use of Information.** ANY INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OPERATOR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE - REGARDLESS OF WHETHER CHARACTERIZED AS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OR AGGREGATE - WILL BELONG EXCLUSIVELY TO OPERATOR AND MAY BE USED, MAINTAINED, UPDATED, DISCLOSED OR SOLD BY OPERATOR AS DESIRED IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. **OPERATOR MAY CHOOSE TO DISCLOSE NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, THE CONSUMER, TO A THIRD PARTY FOR COMPENSATION**

**Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites.** This Site includes third-party advertising. These third parties' websites and advertisers, or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf, may use the technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They also automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser, including your cookie information. They may also use cookies, Javascript, Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements, collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad or to customize the advertising content you see (but not your name, address, or other Personally Identifiable Information). Operator lets the companies that show advertisements on the Site set and access their cookies on your computer. The third parties' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. **For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit[http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) or [http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.](http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp)**

Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site. For instance, clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site. Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement. These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not. Once you've left Operator's Site, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personally Identifiable Information or any other data collected from or provided by you. You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how each third party site will handle such data.

**Forums.  **The Site may include forums (such as message boards, chat rooms, comment boards, and reviews) that enable users to post a comment or communicate with each other. Operator is under no obligation to moderate or edit the forums and will not be responsible for the content or use of any material posted on any forum within the Site. Operator retains the right to delete at any time and for any or no reason any material posted within the Site.

**Contact Information.  **Questions concerning the Statement or the Site, including any request to review or change your Personal Information, should be directed to [support@ksl.com.](mailto:support@ksl.com)
