> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ktchp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150528024509id_/http%3A//www.ktchp.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - KTCHP.COM

## Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies and is a part of the “TOS” (Terms Of Service) as described in the following link: liveguru.net “Peach Media” (the “Company”, 'Us' or “We”) is committed to protecting the privacy of users who access its Website (the “Site”). It is important to us that you feel safe when you visit our Site and use our services and technology. This Privacy Policy Statement (the “Privacy Policy”) offers you information on how we handle your personal and non-personal data – whether you use our Site and we collect data from you as a www.liveguru.net client (Advertiser, Publisher or Agency) or whether you visit our Site or our clients’ website and platforms). By using the Site, you agree to the terms and policies described in this Privacy Policy. 1\. Collecting Personally Identifiable Information “Personally Identifiable Information” means any information obtained through your use of the Site, which might reasonably be used to specifically identify you e.g. your name, address, telephone number, email address or date of birth. To the extent that Personally Identifiable Information has been collected from you, you acknowledge that such collection is done on a voluntary basis to enable the Company to provide you efficient access to features, functions, promotions, products and services. 2\. Non-Personal Information We automatically collect non-personal information such as IP addresses during your access and use of the Site to help diagnose problems with our server, and to identify ways of improving our Site. This information is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information. 3\. Tracking Technologies and Use and Setting of Digital Identifiers A digital identifier is information that a Site puts on your hard disk so that it can remember something about you at a later time (i.e. it is information for future use that is stored by the server on the client side of a client/server communication, such as “cookies”.) We automatically use ‘digital identifiers’ for tracking transactions, identification, security and the user characteristics as set forth herein. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected by use of digital identifier and We use the information collected through such digital identifier to analyze trends, administer the Site, track movements on the Site and gather aggregate demographic information about visitors so we can continually improve the Site. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. We also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information. 4\. Security We employ industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data. Any data that is stored on our servers is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public. While We take measures to protect your information, please know that (i) no computer system is immune from intrusion; and (ii) information transmitted to the Site may need to pass through many systems in order to process such information. Therefore, We cannot guarantee the absolute security or confidentiality of information transmitted to the Site and you hereby acknowledge and assume the risks relating to any such communication. 5\. Information Sharing We may use the collected Personally Identifiable Information and non-personal information for any legally permissible purpose in our sole discretion, including but not limited to the following purposes: We may share information We collect with affiliated companies for use in their ad serving and marketing programs. This Privacy Policy does not apply to affiliated companies and their collection, use and sharing of information. We may share your information with various third party vendors that are not part of the Company. When you participate in our programs, we will transfer the information you submitted on the form to the applicable advertisers with whom we cooperate. We may serve directly or through the use of third party ad networks or ad serving companies, advertisements on third party partner websites. We pass information about you, not including Personally Identifiable Information, to these companies in order for them to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will interest you. We may use third party service providers to enhance our database with additional elements of our services. 6\. Third Party Links, Social Media Platforms and Third Party ‘Digital Identifiers’ The Site may offer links to other websites. Other websites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies. If you choose to visit one of these sites, you should review the policies that govern that particular site. You acknowledge and confirm that the use of ‘digital identifiers’ by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy statement and is governed by their applicable policies. We do not have access or control over these ‘Digital Identifiers’. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers may also use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. Our Site may also include social media features and scripts, such as the Facebook 'Like' button and widgets, or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on Our Site. Your interactions with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the entity providing it. 7\. Permitted Disclosures Other than as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise specifically communicated to you by Us, We do not provide information supplied by users to any third parties, except where we are required to by law, court order, or governmental authority or based upon the good faith belief that disclosure is necessary including, without limitation, to protect the rights of Company when We have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or causing harm to third parties. 8\. Revisions We may alter, update or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect material changes in the way We use your information. Any such changes will be posted on this page. You should periodically check this Privacy Policy to review the current terms and guidelines applicable to your use. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of such changes will indicate your full acceptance of those changes. 9\. Contact Us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the Contact page.
