> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the idebate.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110527095735id_/http%3A//www.idebate.org/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IDEA: International Debate Education Association - Debate Resources & Debate Tools

The International Debate Education Association, Inc. (IDEA) is committed to safeguarding your privacy. All IDEA, inc. and IDEA-affiliated websites adhere to a rigid policy for ensuring the privacy of any personally identifiable information (name, mailing address, email address, occupation, etc.) that may be collected though our websites. 

**Collecting Information**  
IDEA gathers email addresses from users who (1) contact IDEA for general information purposes or (2) subscribe to our electronic mailing lists for newsletters and other publications or (3) use services like DebateTracker. We may also collect other personal information, including mailing address and occupation, from users who choose to send such information by email. 

The IDEA website will only collect personally identifiable information from you if you voluntarily supply it. IDEA is the sole owner of and the only organization that uses the information collected on this website. We do not sell, share, or rent information under any circumstances. Subject to the following sentences, IDEA will not disclose personally identifiable information without first receiving your permission. IDEA may disclose information about its users if required to do so by law or in its good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. IDEA may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others, in its good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms & Conditions; respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of, as appropriate, IIDEA, its users, or the general public. 

**Tracking and Cookies**  
IDEA collects non-personal information (IP addresses and login information, for example) from visitors to help us understand how our site is being used. Like most websites, the IDEA site may place a "cookie," or small file, in the browser of a visitor's computer. This cookie will assign a user a unique number that allows IDEA to save information so that the information does not need to be re-entered. At no time will this cookie reveal to others any information whatsoever.
