> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the identitylookout.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180109132624id_/http%3A//www.identitylookout.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## PRIVACY POLICY

**YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS**

**Effective Date: October 7th, 2013 - V2.02**

**PLEASE READ. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY AND THE WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.**

### Index

**I. Notice**  
**II. Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect**  
**III. E-mail Newsletter Subscriptions**  
**IV. Contact Permission; Unsubscribing from Emails, Phone Calls and/or Text Messages**  
**V. Special Promotions and Purchases; Submission of Content to be Published**  
**VI. Information Collected by Other Means or Media**  
**VII. Information About Other People**  
**VIII. Customer Service**  
**IX. Non-Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect**  
**X. Cookies and Related Technology**  
**XI. Special Notice Regarding Children Under 13**  
**XII. Use, Disclosure, and Sharing of Information**  
**a. Non-Personally Identifiable Information**  
**b. Personally Identifiable Information**  
**XIII. Our Commitment to Data Security**  
**XIV. Hyperlinks To and From Other Sites**  
**XV. Consent to Processing in the United States**  
**XVI. Contact Us Regarding Privacy**  
**XVII. Notification of Changes**

* * *

### I. Notice

The “Website” refers to this website, its subdomains, and related domains. This Website is owned or operated by Identity Lookout and/or its subsidiary companies in the United States of America (collectively, "COMPANY"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to information that you provide to COMPANY or is collected about you via this Website and/or by your use of services (collectively, the "Services") that may be provided by this Website or by the Company via some other means, including as set forth below and as defined in the applicable Terms and Conditions or other terms. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you notice of COMPANY's information management practices, including the types of information gathered, how it is used and safeguarded, and the degree to which you may control the maintenance and sharing of your information. Your use of any COMPANY Service or Website constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms. This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated by reference into the Terms and Conditions for this Website. 

### II. Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect

COMPANY respects your privacy and is committed to protecting personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with your use of its Websites and Services. Such personally identifiable information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address and payment information such as your credit card number. 

### III. E-mail Newsletter Subscriptions

To subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, if any, you will need to provide your e-mail address. You may also be asked for other information when you subscribe. 

### IV. Contact Permission; Unsubscribing from Emails, Phone Calls and/or Text Messages

By providing us with your information, you are granting us the right to contact you or use your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to as set forth in Section XII. We are in the business of identifying the needs of prospective clients for other third parties, and providing information to those third parties so that they may offer goods or services to the prospective clients. By entering our web-site, you are consenting to our sharing of the above-described information to third parties who will use that information to offer you goods or services. You can unsubscribe from receiving commercial e-mail from the Website by clicking the link contained within such e-mails sent to you. When you receive a call from us regarding our products and services, you may indicate you do not wish to receive future marketing calls. Regarding text messages, directions to “opt-out” of such shall either be provided in the text messages, at the time you provide information or consent to receive a text message, or in your agreement with your wireless provider. You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases. In addition, even if you choose to unsubscribe, not receive calls, or not receive text messages, the COMPANY reserves the right to contact you regarding your use of this Website, your relationship with the COMPANY, or any of the COMPANY’s products or Services you have purchased or used. 

### V. Special Promotions and Purchases; Submission of Content to be Published

To participate in some Services such as sweepstakes, contests and surveys ("Special Promotions"), or to make online purchases ("Purchases"), you will need to provide personally identifiable information, such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, and date of birth. Your information may be collected by COMPANY or by a third party, such as a co-sponsor or a vendor involved in, or providing services in connection with, a Special Promotion, a complimentary service offering, or an e-commerce partner in the case of a Purchase. If you make a Purchase or enter a sweepstakes or other Special Promotion on one of our sites, through our Services, or on or through a site or service of third parties we refer you to, COMPANY will collect your personally identifiable information, and you are deemed to consent to us providing your information to third parties who provide certain services such as processing of credit card transactions, customer service, promotion or sweepstakes administration, order fulfillment and/or prize delivery, or complimentary service offerings, as applicable. (As more fully described below in Section XII, these third parties may use this information for their own marketing purposes and/or from sharing, selling, or otherwise distributing any personal data of our customers, unless you choose to opt in for such additional uses and/or disclosure by the third parties, under their respective privacy policies.). Also, by entering a sweepstakes or other Special Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that sweepstakes or other Special Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion. If you make a purchase or enter a promotion (such as a sweepstakes) in which COMPANY is participating on a third party's website (or through some other means or medium), we will collect your information from the third party only if you opt-in to receive additional communications from us, or we are required to fulfill some function in relation to your activity (e.g., to send your order or deliver a prize). 

### VI. Information Collected by Other Means or Media

In some situations, we may also collect personally identifiable information and other information about you through other means, directly or indirectly. For example, if you access any COMPANY content, or purchase such content via your wireless carrier or through another third party, the COMPANY may collect information directly from you or through the third party. Likewise, if you use our services, or provide information to other companies who share information about their customers, we may collect additional information about you. In each of these cases, the COMPANY will apply this policy to any personally identifiable information. 

### VII. Information About Other People

Some COMPANY Websites and Services may ask you to submit personally identifiable information about other people. If you provide us with personally identifiable information of a friend, or your friend provides personally identifiable information about you, to e-mail a feature from the Website, the e-mail addresses you or your friend supply us for those activities will not be used to send you or your friend other e-mail communications unless disclosed at the time you provide the information. A record of that transaction will be maintained as allowed and/or required by law. 

### VIII. Customer Service

Some Services may offer support and technical assistance through customer service centers via telephone, online chat, or e-mail. Whenever you communicate with customer service, you do so with the understanding that an operator may view and make changes to the information in your User Account in order to provide the assistance that you need. 

### IX. Non-Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect

As part of the registration process for some Services, you may be asked to provide information that does not personally identify you. For example, you may be asked to provide information concerning your personal preferences, purchasing habits, and the like. This information is generally optional but may be included in your User Account profile. COMPANY requests this information to understand you better and to also bring to your attention new services, programs, or offers that may be of interest to you. In many cases, COMPANY will automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information about your use of its’ Websites and Services. COMPANY might collect, among other things, information concerning the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your "click path" through the Website or "click-through" from an e-mail, the Website or advertisement that was linked to or from the Websites when you visited, and your IP address. To do this, COMPANY may use cookies and other technology (see below). If you are using our wireless Services, we may also automatically collect information such as the type of wireless device you are using, your mobile identification number (assigned by your telecommunications carrier) and telecommunications carrier. Your use of our Websites and Services, and information provided through these technologies, will be anonymous unless you provide us with personally identifiable information or have provided such information in the past. 

### X. Cookies and Related Technology

This Website's pages or e-mail messages may contain cookies, web beacons (also known as clear gifs), or similar technologies as they become available. Cookies are information files that this Website may place on your computer to provide extended functionality. The COMPANY may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking usage patterns on the Website, measuring the effectiveness of advertising, limiting multiple responses and registrations, facilitating your ability to navigate the Website or as part of a verification or screening process. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions, "Help" screen, or similar such resource to learn more about how to manage cookies and possibly reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by indicating this in the preferences, options, or similar such menu in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of this Website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of this Website's features or the Services. You should consult with your browser's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies. The COMPANY’s web pages may include advertisements for third parties and their products, and those third-party advertisements may include a cookie or web beacon served by the third party. The COMPANY does not control cookies in such third party ads, and visitors are encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. The COMPANY's Privacy Policy does not cover the use of information collected from you by third party ad servers. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. A web beacon is a small graphic image that allows the party that set the web beacon to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of the web page, web-based document or e-mail message, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons can be very small and invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including HTML based content, can act as a web beacon. The COMPANY may use web beacons to count visitors to the web pages on the Website or to monitor how our users navigate the Website, and the COMPANY may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many messages sent were actually opened, acted upon or forwarded. 

### XI. Special Notice Regarding Children Under 13

COMPANY recognizes the sensitivity of personally identifiable information concerning children under the age of 13 and therefore provides this special notice. COMPANY is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding children, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Except in limited circumstances allowed by COPPA, COMPANY will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personally identifiable information from a child under 13 without first obtaining consent from that child's parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, COMPANY will make reasonable efforts to remove the information from its active list, at your request. To request the removal of your child's information, please send an e-mail to info@identitylookout.com and be sure to include in your message the same User Name and password and/or e-mail address that your child submitted. COMPANY encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the COMPANY Web sites and the Internet generally. 

### XII. Use, Disclosure, and Sharing of Information

a. Non-Personally Identifiable Information From time to time, COMPANY may use and share with third parties aggregate, non-personally identifiable user information to show general demographic and preference information among users of the COMPANY Web sites. When you visit or download information from this Website, our web servers may automatically collect website usage information. Website usage information is non-personally identifying information that describes how our visitors use the Website. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting the Website, and IP addresses (see below for more information on IP addresses). COMPANY may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to generally determine your computer's server location, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit use of the Website. We also may determine your screen resolution and the technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or similar service.   
b. Personally Identifiable Information COMPANY uses information about you to deliver the Services that you request, to keep you informed about changes affecting our Services or your account, to inform you of other Services or offers in which you might be interested, and to improve and enhance our sites and Services. Specifically, when you provide us with your contact information, you are agreeing:   
i) to allow us to email you regarding our products and services, and of the products and services of third parties that we associate with or market for;    
ii) to call you (either directly or through use of a third party service) regarding our products and services, and of the products and services of third parties that we associate with or market for; and   
iii) to text you (either directly or through use of a third party service) through your mobile devices regarding our products and services, and of the products and services of third parties that we associate with or market for. In the case of sending messages to you via text messaging, you acknowledge and agree that you may be charged fees by your wireless provider pursuant to your agreement with such wireless provider. If you provide COMPANY with personally identifiable information, we will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect it from unauthorized disclosure. If you opt in to receive e-mail from us, you can always opt out of future marketing messages by following the directions in each message to "unsubscribe”. However, if you choose to opt out of marketing messages, we reserve the right to contact you regarding your account status, technical support, product information, changes to account terms, and any other matter that might affect our service to you and/or any products you purchased from us or registered with us, as applicable. As stated in the Terms and Conditions, you will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of a COMPANY Website or Service, of any information about you contained in the applicable COMPANY database, if COMPANY or one of its affiliates assigns its rights and obligations regarding any of your information at the time of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of COMPANY or such COMPANY's assets related to the applicable Website or Service to a subsequent owner or operator. In the event of such a merger, acquisition, or sale, your continued use of the Website or any related Service signifies your agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions, California Privacy Policy and Privacy Policy of the Website's or Service's subsequent owner or operator. The COMPANY and its companies may work together in order to provide portions of the COMPANY Websites and some Services (e.g., to fulfill prizes won in a sweepstakes, or to provide other support for a Service). These companies will handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As stated above in Section V, COMPANY may also work with third parties to provide some Services on our Websites. In connection with those Services, you are deemed to consent to us sharing your information with third parties who provide services such as processing of credit card transactions, customer service, promotion administration, order fulfillment and/or prize delivery, as applicable. Third parties who provide, or participate in, Services on COMPANY Websites are prohibited from using our customers' personally identifiable information for marketing purposes and/or from sharing, selling, or otherwise using such information, unless you choose to opt in to marketing, sharing, or other uses by the third parties. If you do not want your information to be used for marketing (or other purposes unrelated to the provision of COMPANY Services) by a third party who participates in a Service on one of our sites, do not opt in to such use by that third party when you register to participate in the Service. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. COMPANY will not share, sell, rent, or disclose any personally identifiable information that we have collected except as stated herein, or in the following instances: 1) we have been given your consent to disclose; 2) we have previously informed you of the disclosure, including by means of our Privacy Policy or on the Website, or through the Service where you provided your information; 3) we are required by law, legal process, or court order to disclose; 4) disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, COMPANY's rights or property, other COMPANY Website users, or anyone else; or 5) to respond to an inquiry, request or complaint that you have made. COMPANY may also use IP addresses in cooperation with Internet service providers to identify users if we deem it necessary to comply with law, to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, or to protect our sites, customers, or others. 

### XIII. Our Commitment to Data Security

While COMPANY takes reasonable and appropriate precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized disclosure and to prevent possible security breaches in our Websites, Services, and customer databases, no website, Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure. Consequently, COMPANY cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Your use of the COMPANY Websites and Services is at your own risk. COMPANY urges you to take steps to keep your information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place (separate from your account information), logging out of your User Account, and closing your Web browser. Whenever you give COMPANY sensitive or confidential information (for example, credit card numbers for Purchases), COMPANY will take commercially reasonable steps to protect the information by establishing a secure connection with your Web browser. COMPANY employs a security technology known as a secure-socket-layer ("SSL") to protect the transmission of payment information to the site. Unless otherwise specified herein or on the Website where you make a Purchase, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing purposes. 

### XIV. Hyperlinks To and From Other Sites

The Website may frame, and/or contain links to, or advertisements about, other websites. Other websites may also reference, advertise, or link to the Website. The Company does not endorse or sponsor other websites, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites, expressly disclaims any statements or assertions made on such websites, and denies and disclaims all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other sites and advertisements. XV. Consent to Processing in the United States By providing any personally identifiable information to COMPANY, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the United States of America. 

### XVI. Contact Us Regarding Privacy

COMPANY is dedicated to protecting your personally identifiable information and welcomes comments and questions on this Privacy Policy. You may fax, email or mail us your questions or comments to: Identity Lookout Customer Service  P.O. Box 26 Pasadena, CA 91102-0026  Fax: (213) 799-2464 info@identitylookout.com Please note that information submitted to the Website via a "contact us,", “info”, "help" or other similar e-mail address or form will not necessarily receive a response. We will not use the information provided to these e-mail addresses or forms for marketing purposes unrelated to your request. 

### XVII. Notification of Changes

COMPANY reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and its Terms and Conditions at any time. In case of any material change to the Privacy Policy, we will replace the "Privacy Policy" link on the home page of our sites with a link entitled "Updated Privacy Policy" for no less than 30 days. All changes to the Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Service will be effective when posted, and your continued use of any COMPANY Website or Service after the posting will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. 
