> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tacobell.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130630071436id_/https%3A//www.tacobell.com/Company/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## Taco Bell® Website Privacy Statement

Taco Bell Corp. ("Taco Bell") is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information you may provide on the websites on which this policy appears, which sites include [www.tacobell.com](http://www.tacobell.com/), [www.fourthmeal.com](http://www.fourthmeal.com/), [www.feedthebeat.com](http://www.feedthebeat.com/), [www.tacobellforteens.org](http://www.tacobellforteens.org/), and other Taco Bell microsites and mobile websites (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy has been in effect since 7/11/2006, and was last updated on 4/12/2013. The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to all users of this Site. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately cease the use of this Site.

## What information does Taco Bell collect about me on this Site?

Taco Bell collects personally identifiable information that you may voluntarily provide on online forms, which may include: user registration, sweepstakes registration, contact requests, guest comments, send-a-friend features, online surveys, application or other file download pages, and other online and mobile activities. The personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) collected on this Site can include some or all of the following: your name, address, telephone number, e-mail addresses, credit card information, demographic information, and other information you may voluntarily provide or which may be collected as described herein. We will indicate at the time of collection when you have the choice whether or not to disclose Personal Information; however, some parts of the Site and some services may not be available, or may be more difficult to use if you choose not to disclose or have Personal Information shared. From time to time we may give you the option to receive future offers and updates. If you choose to opt-in, we will alert you to new features, special offers, updated information and new services.

In addition to the Personal Information that you provide, as identified above, our Site may use technologies such as “cookies” to collect certain information and to provide visitors with tailored information upon each visit. Cookies are a common part of many commercial websites that allow small text files to be sent by a website, accepted by a web browser and then placed on your hard drive as recognition for repeat visits to the Site. Every time you visit our Site, our servers, through cookies, pixels and/or GIF files, collect basic technical information such as your domain name, the address of the last URL visited prior to clicking through to the Site, and your browser and operating system. You do not need to enable cookies to visit our Site; however, some parts of the Site and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use if cookies are disabled. Taco Bell also uses cookies on the Site to identify an index key with Our e-cards (online postcards). Our web servers may also automatically identify your device by identifiers like IP or MAC addresses. Taco Bell may use this information for a variety of business purposes, including to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Our web servers may also automatically identify your device by identifiers like IP or MAC addresses. Taco Bell may use this information for a variety of business purposes, including to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  
 

## What does Taco Bell do with the information collected?

Taco Bell may use your Personal Information for any of the following purposes: (1) to understand the use of the Site and make improvements; (2) to fulfill prizes; (3) to register visitors for online activities such as online ordering, sweepstakes, contests, surveys, employment applications, comment forms, or any other online or mobile interactive activities; (4) to respond to specific requests from visitors; (5) to obtain parental consent from visitors under 18 years of age, when necessary; (6) to provide any necessary notices to visitors or their parent or legal guardians if situations prompt such notification; (7) to protect the security or integrity of the Site if necessary; (8) to send notices of special promotions, offers or solicitations; (9) in general, to promote and market Taco Bell’s business and various products; (10) to respond to your request, including to send your friends messages at your request in send-a-friend features; and (11) as otherwise disclosed, including as may be disclosed at the time we collect your information.

## With whom does Taco Bell share information?

Taco Bell is a part of Yum! Brands, Inc. (“Yum Brands”). Yum Brands includes: KFC U.S. Properties, Inc., Taco Bell Corp., Pizza Hut, Inc., WingStreet, LLC, and Yum Restaurants International, Inc. Taco Bell may share Personal Information collected on this Site with any member of Yum Brands and any other future subsidiaries or affiliates. Taco Bell may share Personal Information with third parties under the following circumstances: (i) in connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or when otherwise required by law; (ii) in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, or similar event; or (iii) when working with third party companies to support the Site’s technical operation or execute a specific promotion or program (such as providing responses to the Guest Comments Page, conduct surveys, maintain a database of visitor information, offer downloadable applications for mobile devices, etc.). If Personal Information is shared with any third party for the purposes of executing a specific promotion or program, it is Taco Bell's policy to enter into written agreements with any third party receiving Personal Information, requiring the third party to comply with Taco Bell’s privacy policies and applicable laws.

From time to time Taco Bell may offer online services or features in connection with a third party company (such as offering downloadable "store finder" mobile software supported by MSN's Virtual Earth) where information about you is collected directly by the third party. In such cases, data is typically not shared with Taco Bell, but is retained by the third party and used as described in their privacy policy.

## What choices do I have about how my information is used and how do I contact Taco Bell?

Users, who initially opted-in to receive future offers or promotional materials by e-mail may subsequently opt-out of receiving such e-mails by sending a message to [unsubscribe@tacobell.com](mailto:unsubscribe@tacobell.com). You may also follow the opt-out instructions on any advertising message you might receive. If you have any further questions concerning the Taco Bell’s Privacy Policy and the use of your Personal Information, please email webmaster@tacobell.com, write to Taco Bell® Corp., 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: Webmaster – Privacy Inquiry, or call the webmaster at 949/863-4000.

## What security does Taco Bell use on this Site?

Taco Bell uses appropriate technical and procedural security measures to protect this Site and the data submitted by users. We cannot guarantee, however, that our standard measures will not prevent a third party from circumventing our security measures and unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or where an error may occur in the administration of the Site. As such, Taco Bell recommends that you use caution whenever submitting Personal Information online.

## Does Taco Bell's Site link to other sites?

Yes. This Site may contain links to other websites that may not be owned or operated by Taco Bell. Taco Bell cannot control nor is responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites, and the terms of this policy do not apply to information collected on those sites. Taco Bell encourages you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.

## How will Taco Bell notify me of changes to this Privacy Policy?

This Privacy Policy has been in effect since July 11, 2006, and was last updated on 2/26/10. Taco Bell will post any changes on the Site’s Homepage, so visitors are always aware of any changes to what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If we decide to use your Personal Information in a manner different than first communicated, Taco Bell will notify users by e-mail to the e-mail addresses on record. Users will then be given a choice as to whether or not their Personal Information can be used in the new manner.

In the event that Taco Bell goes through a business transition, such as a merger, another company acquires Taco Bell or its Affiliates, or Taco Bell sells a portion of its assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Thirty days prior to the change of ownership or control, you will be informed of this exchange and its effects via prominent notice on our Site. If as a result of a business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be give the choice to opt-out.

## What does Taco Bell do about children on its Site?

Taco Bell's practice is not to collect information from children under 13 (or as otherwise prohibited by law), and Taco Bell does not knowingly collect any Personal Information online from children under 13 (or as otherwise prohibited by law). If you believe we have information about your child, please send an email to webmaster@tacobell.com or a write to Taco Bell® Corp., 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, CA 92618, Attention: Webmaster, Children's Online Privacy Act - Information Request, or by calling the webmaster at 949/863-4000. To learn more about how to protect your child online, we suggest you visit [www.OnGuardOnline.gov](http://www.onguardonline.gov/) and read the helpful information provided by the FTC at [http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm.](http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm)

Effective as of 7/11/2006, last updated 4/12/2013
