> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 204.197.251.177 privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230081415id_/http%3A//204.197.251.177/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - User's guide, Instructions manual & Installation guide

  
PRIVACY POLICY **

Logging IP Addresses

**  
For each visitor to our web page, our web server does not recognize any information regarding the domain or email address. IP addresses are logged and used by 2instructions for measuring usage. 

**Collecting Email Addresses**  
We collect your email addresses for the purpose of logging and measuring usage. Guides & Manuals does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with non-affiliated companies. 

**Certain Exceptional Disclosures**  
We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct or potential threats to the physical safety of any person. Disclosure may be required by law or if we receive legal processes. 

**Use of Cookies**  
2instructionst uses cookies to store the preferences of users, only if they so choose. 

**File Transfer Security**  
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Documents links are sent by email and can be retrieve any time logging in My Order section of the website. 
