> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the inis.gov.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523170109id_/http%3A//www.inis.gov.ie/en/INIS/Pages/WP07000012) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Irish Naturalisation and Immigration Service Privacy policy

## General Statement  
This privacy statement establishes how the Irish Naturalisation and Immigration Service will collect and use information about you from your visit to this website. The Irish Naturalisation and Immigration Service fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you without your clear permission.

## Collection and Use of Personal Information

INIS does not collect any personal information about you on this website, apart from the information which you volunteer by sending us an email or completing our online feedback form. Your personal information, submitted in this way, will be collected, used and stored to respond to your request or otherwise address the subject matter of your mail. It may also be used to compile statistics.  
Your personal information will not be used for any other purpose and will not be released to any third party.

## Collection and Use of Non Personal Information

Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. This information may include:  
The logical address of the server you are using  
The top level domain name from which you access the Internet (for example, .ie, com, .org etc.)  
The type of browser you are using.  
The date and time you access our site  
The Internet address used to link to our site  
Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics which allow us to assess the number of visitors to our site, identify what pages are accessed most frequently and generally, help us to make our site more user friendly. This data is retained for no more than one year.

## Right to Refuse Cookies

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Right of Access, Correction and Deletion of Personal Information

You have the right to access, correct and delete personal information which we may hold on you, in accordance with your rights under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. To find out what personal data we hold on you, or to have your personal data updated, amended or deleted from our records, please send an email to [Asylum_Policy_Mail@Justice.ie](mailto:Asylum_Policy_Mail@Justice.ie).
