> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the urbanmusicplus.com.ng privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180210052354id_/http%3A//www1.urbanmusicplus.com.ng/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - urbanmusicplus official

Information collection and use:

our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you with the products and services made available through the website, including, but not limited to our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.

Information collected upon registration: if you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the website, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to company. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your full name, username, password, email address, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile.

use of contact information: we will not use your personal information to provide marketing materials to you. We respect your privacy and will not use your information or provide it to any third party for marketing purposes.

Log data: when you visit the website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as log data. This log data may include information such as your ip address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the internet from an internet service provider the ip address will be different every time you log on. We use log data to monitor the use of the website and of our service, and for the website’s technical administration. We do not associate your ip address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the terms of service.

Cookies: we use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and company does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
