> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the urbanoutfitters.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171221113341id_/https%3A//www.urbanoutfitters.com/help/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Your Privacy**

Thank you for shopping at UrbanOutfitters.com. This privacy policy (“Policy”) outlines the information we collect about you on the Website, as well as information collected when you visit our stores or otherwise communicate or interact with Urban Outfitters, how we use the information and the choices you have to review, revise and/or restrict our usage of this information.

**What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?**

UrbanOutfitters.com collects customer information in an effort to improve our customers shopping experience, to communicate with our customers about our products, services and promotions, and to enhance and improve the performance and accuracy of our operations and website. We collect information such as your name, e-mail and postal address and credit card numbers, that you provide to us when you place an order, when you save your information with us or when you participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey. UrbanOutfitters.com may use your information collected online to process and fulfill your order. We also collect e-mail addresses at various locations within the site including when you order from the site so that we can send you any necessary e-mail messages related to your order — such as an order confirmation notice, as well as send you other information that we believe may be of interest to you. In addition, we maintain a record of your product interests, purchases and whatever else might enable us to enhance and personalize your shopping experience. We also monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site design, the products and services we offer and the way in which we offer them. UrbanOutfitters.com recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly.

To serve you better and improve our performance, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with select partners and others. By combining this information we are better able to communicate with you about our products, special events and promotional purposes and to personalize your shopping experience.

**Sharing Your Personal Information**

Urban Outfitters does share information you provide to us when you participate in a sweepstakes with those companies with whom we have joined to offer these promotions as well as other companies whose promotions we think will interest you. We may disclose information about you to other members of the Urban Outfitters corporate family and as required by law. In the event that a store, division, assets or part or all of Urban Outfitters is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process of a potential transaction, customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets.

In addition, we may on occasion share a portion of our postal mailing list with other reputable organizations not owned or affiliated with Urban Outfitters who want to market products or services to you. If you do not want your name and address shared with other organizations or you no longer wish to receive Urban Outfitters catalogs, please contact us at (800) 282-2200. You may also contact us via email (please include your exact name and mailing address as shown on your catalog) at [change@urbanoutfitters.com](mailto:change@urbanoutfitters.com).

You can always update or delete your personal information on our web site. Simply click View Your Account in the menu at the top of each page on our site, log in, and you'll be able to edit or change your information. If at any time you would like us to delete any of your personal information on file, just e-mail UrbanOutfitters.com customer service at [service@urbanoutfitters.com](mailto:service@urbanoutfitters.com) or call us at (800) 282-2200. Please be sure to include your e-mail address, full name and password.

We may also use various mechanisms to track activity on our website, including cookies or web beacons, sometimes in connection with select partners. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. A web beacon is a small string of code that represents a clear graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie. We use the information collected by these technologies to study use of our website, to refine and improve our customer service and performance, and to detect and prevent misuse or fraud.

We may use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. To opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising [click here](http://dtmc.urbanoutfitters.com/adinfo/choice/prod/?type=fpc&cid=2369&cname=Urban%20Outfitters&cmagic=ab8aa0&clogo=urban_outfitters.png&loc=us&lang=en-us). We may also use the services of third parties to utilize these and other technologies to allow delivery of advertising that directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you. If, however, you'd prefer not to receive relevant banner advertisements from our third party partners, you may opt out at any time by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also delete cookies, including those associated with web beacons, by following the directions in your browser software. If you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, some functionality of the website may change, and you may need to renew an opt-out choice if you have made one.

We or our partners may use Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) or other similar technologies. A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer. We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience, facilitate processes, personalize and store your settings. Flash cookies may help our website visitors to, for example, set volume preference associated with a video experience, play games and perform surveys. They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers. They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. Visit [www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/) to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies. If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies, please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable. We also use other methods of automatic collection to determine information about visitors to our website, including the IP address, browser, language preferences, and computer identification numbers. We use the information obtained using these tools to provide better customer service, enhance our product offerings, and detect potential misuse or fraud.

We do not share credit card information with third parties except for the purpose of processing payment for products you've ordered and as required by law. In addition, we may disclose credit card and other information we collect from you with an outside company with which we have contracted for their services to protect against fraud and the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards.

Our retail locations are equipped with video monitoring for security purposes, so we may capture your video image in public areas while you are shopping with us. Our retail locations may also be equipped with iBeacons and Wi-Fi. An iBeacon is a device that transmits signals that can be used to detect your mobile device when you are in close proximity to the iBeacon. In addition, if your Wi-Fi is activated on your mobile device, we may detect your device and collect limited external signals sent by your device, such as the Media Access Control (MAC) address associated with your device. We use these technologies to learn about the customer shopping experience in our retail locations, including which areas of the store our customers visit, how long they spend in certain areas, general traffic patterns, the customer experience at the point of sale, and how frequently customers visit our stores. We use this information to improve the shopping experience for our customers. We also use this information to provide offers and promotions that we think may be of interest to our customers which may at times be customized depending on where the customer is in the store. We do not read or in any way access your contacts, pictures, the messages you send or receive on your device, or any data that you enter into or create on your device. You may withdraw your consent to receiving offers and promotions at any time. We use third party service providers to assist us with these technologies. You may opt out of connectivity with our iBeacons by turning off the Bluetooth on your device, adjusting your device settings for your mobile applications to prevent the use of Bluetooth. You may opt out of the collection of information by Wi-Fi by turning off the wireless functionality on your device or visiting [www.axper.com/privacy/](http://axper.com/privacy/).Where required by law, notices are posted at the retail locations if we are collecting video, using iBeacons or collecting information from your Wi-Fi enabled mobile device. Only authorized personnel are permitted to review the video and any data we collect from your device broadcasts. We retain images and data only for as long as they are required to fulfill the purposes for which we collected them.

**Under 13?**

If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to UrbanOutfitters.com. UrbanOutfitters.com is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older. We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian. If a parent, guardian or anyone else becomes aware of personal information we have collected from an individual under the age of 13, please contact us at (800) 282-2200 or via email at [change@urbanoutfitters.com](mailto:change@urbanoufitters.com).

**Security**

When ordering with us, we undertake steps to secure our customers personal information and credit card data. On UrbanOutfitters.com, we employ 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology that encrypts all of your private information when placing an order and transmitting that information to our systems to be processed.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

This privacy policy describes how we may share your information for marketing purposes, as described above. California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about any of your personal information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us as explained below.

**Policy Changes**

UrbanOutfitters.com may periodically update this Privacy Policy for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed. Any changes made will be posted here. By visiting our website you agree to accept any changes made to this policy.

Feel free to contact us with any questions about our Privacy Policy.

change@urbanoutfitters.com

(800) 282-2200
