> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the urbansurvivalguide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120611001956id_/http%3A//surviveinplace.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Privacy System - Remove Your Name

**Privacy & Security Information:**

Since SurviveInPlace.com is focused on helping people with operational security issues, we are in an interesting position.  On one hand, we’d like to say that we don’t ever collect any information and that you are 100% anonymous.  On the other hand, we believe we have an incredibly valuable product that everyone should have.  In order to achieve that end, we have to collect some information so that we know, from a sales perspective, what works and what doesn’t.  In addition, we simply must have some information (billing) to be able to get compensated for our services.  In short, we won’t spy on you, your computer, or give away your information.  With that in mind, here is our privacy policy.

Any consumer information gathered on the SurviveInPlace.com website may be used for aggregate research, promotional purposes and/or for future site development. In particular we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to verify billing information to prevent credit card fraud, to fulfill your orders; to send you or, where appropriate, your organization, information about us and promotional material about our products together with details of any offers we may have available from time to time; to monitor interest in our range of products and to assist us to tailor the content of the SurviveInPlace.com website to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking patterns of page views on the SurviveInPlace.com website; and to create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that might be of interest to you and to display the content according to your preferences.  

If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, promotions, etc. However, you may opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of your emails.

**Disclosure of Information:** SurviveInPlace.com will not disclose personal identifiable information that you provide on this Site to any third parties other than to a SurviveInPlace.com agent, except: 1) in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy statement, or 2) to comply with valid legal requirements such as law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order.  

**Cookies:** SurviveInPlace.com, in common with many website operators, may use standard technology called cookies on this Site. Cookies are small data files that are created on your computer when you visit a particular website. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of this Site may not function properly if you do so.   Cookies allow us to test the effectiveness of different page headlines, page formats, and offers, customize pages for you based on past choices you’ve made on the site, as well as fairly pay referring websites if they sent you and you purchase anything.  SurviveInPlace.com cookies do not take information from other sites that you visit or give up information.  In short, the owner of the website is a privacy nut and he loves cookies.

**Policies for Minors:** SurviveInPlace.com does not solicit or want visitors who are minors.  We like kids, but we’d rather sell to their parents or older relatives.   When an online visitor who is a minor registers or provides any personal identifiable information, he/she is required to provide the e-mail address (or on some Sites, the postal address) of his/her parent or guardian. If we are made aware that we have collected contact information from a minor, we will immediately remove it from our mailing list and we give the parent or guardian notice via e-mail (or postal mail) when their minor child registers or provides personal identifiable information. The notification provides the parent or guardian with instructions on how to review the information collected from his/her child. 

**Security:** This Site incorporates appropriate safeguards using industry standard technology to heighten the security, accuracy and privacy of any personal information we have collected and we have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss and misuse. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as required.  

For your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers.  Our payment gateway provider, Clickbank, keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf.

**Policy Change:** If we alter our privacy policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of our current privacy policy. 

We appreciate your interest and hope that you enjoy visiting the site.
