> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pxhere.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226095430id_/https%3A//pxhere.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Service - Free Images & Free stock photos - PxHere

We use cookies and other technologies on this website to enhance your user experience. Read more [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/en/privacy).I Agree

[Contribute Photos](https://web.archive.org/my/upload)

  * [Sign up](https://web.archive.org/en/signup)
  * [Log in](https://web.archive.org/en/login?redirect=%2Fen%2Fprivacy)

[PxHere](https://web.archive.org/ "Service - Free Images & Free stock photos - PxHere")

_Privacy for PxHere_ ( Date of Last Revision: May 22, 2018 )

    The following information is to help You understand how We collect, use, disseminate and safeguard the data You provide while accessing and using PxHere.

Personal information
    You may provide certain personal information, such as your first and last name, the country you live in, PayPal information, and email address, which will be displayed on your public profile page on Pxhere.
    Whenever You visit a page, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends. This may include information such as your IP address, browser type and language, pages viewed, the date and time. This data is used for ensuring the stability of our provided services and is deleted automatically after seven days.
    Whenever You download or sign up on PxHere, our servers automatically record your IP address in our database. This data is used for providing corresponding services and ensuring the stability of our provided services,and it will not be deleted until you delete your account on PxHere.
    We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We do not sell or otherwise provide personal information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services. We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide You services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
    We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law (e.g., to comply with a subpoena, warrant, or court order) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, avoid litigation, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request. We may also disclose information about You if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. 

Cookies:
    A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when You visit a website. When You visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies are used on Pxhere to store visitor preferences and other technical information required for the functionality of the Website. No personal information is stored in these cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. 
    This site uses [cookies from Google](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/) to deliver its services, to personalize ads and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.

Google Analytics
    This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. 
