> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brickfish.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140519163522id_/http%3A//brickfish.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Brickfish

#### This Policy was last updated on August 29, 2011. v. 2.0

Brickfish® (“Brickfish”, “us” or “we”) respects the privacy of the visitors to its Website, the home page of which is located at http://www.brickfish.com (“Website”). This Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into the Terms is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any Personal Information and Anonymous Information you submit to us through our Website. “Personal Information” is information about you that is personally identifiable to you like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing. “Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect and use Personal Information and Anonymous Information as described in this Privacy Policy. User Consent By submitting Personal Information through our Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Information may be processed by Brickfish in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Collection of Personal Information The Personal Information we gather from you helps us learn about our members and potential members of our movement. We use this information to better tailor the features, performance and support of our movement and services, and to offer you additional information and opportunities, as further described in the section titled “Use of Information” below. Personal Information You Provide to Us We collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through our Website.

**The types of Personal Information we collect are:**  
When you sign up for our online movement, we will collect your first and last name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code or postal code, country and state/region in which you live, school name (if applicable), your security question response and password that you choose.  
When you personalize your Brickfish Profile, we will collect any information you provide, such as your name or photos you choose for your display picture.

When you enter any information, including Personal Information, into any postings, comments, or forums within the Brickfish movement, we will collect such information and this information might be available for some, a subgroup of, or even all members of the Brickfish movement, depending on how and where this information was posted by you (see the section titled “Public Places” below).

When you send us feedback, we will collect any information that is contained in your feedback.

When you contact us by sending us an e-mail, we will collect your e-mail address and any information contained in the e-mail you send us.

When you sign up to, or win, any campaigns, sweepstakes, or other activities that we make available on the Website, we will collect the information designated along with such activity (“Activity Information”).

Your Brickfish account that you create when you sign up for our online movement contains Personal Information such as your username, e-mail address and password and only the username is visible to other members of the Brickfish community (the “Brickfish Account”). All the information in your Brickfish profile on the other hand is public information and any Brickfish member will be able to see it (the “Brickfish Profile”). Your Brickfish Profile may contain Personal Information, if you decide to enter such Personal Information into your Brickfish Profile. Personal Information Collected Via Technology As you navigate our Website, certain information may also be collected passively, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and viewed. This type of information is collected to better understand how you use our movement and make the community and services we provide more useful to you. An “Internet protocol address” or “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer internet access provider, your IP Address probably varies from session to session. We track IP Addresses for a variety of reasons, including to collect information about your geographic location, and with session Cookies to analyze our web page flow. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. Brickfish may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Website. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions contained on your browser. If you choose to disable Cookies completely, some areas of the Website may not work properly or be available to you. Brickfish may also contract with third parties in order to promote the products and/or services of these third parties by placing ads on the Website. We may use information that was posted by members of the movement, electronically created algorithms, or information regarding your use of the Website to tailor the display of ads to the interest of the members of our movement. Clicking on such ads may direct you to the website of the third party and the third party may also use Cookies in connection with these ads. Please be advised that once you have left the Brickfish environment, we have no control over your information. Although Brickfish makes commercially reasonable efforts to contract with third parties whose privacy policies are reasonable, Brickfish is not responsible for these other websites or any content on these other websites, and this Privacy Policy does not govern your visit of these other websites. The Website may include ads that are served by a third-party ad server which may also collect information regarding the display of, and your interaction with, ads on the Website, which ads are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Personal Information We Receive From Other Sources We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources like telephone or fax, or from third parties that provide services for us in connection with the Brickfish movement. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Website in order to improve our movement and the services we provide. Feedback If you provide feedback to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. Brickfish will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Use of Information**  
In general, Personal Information you submit to us is used by us either to sign you up for our movement, respond to requests that you make, or to improve our movement. We may also use your Personal Information to provide create and maintain your account, for research, to send you communications and promotions, and to customize the advertising and content seen on the Website. We may create Anonymous Information (meaning records or reaggregated data from Personal Information, created by excluding information, such as your name, that make the information personally identifiable to you.) We may use this Anonymous Information to analyze usage patterns so that we may enhance our movement. We may also aggregate the Anonymous information and display the aggregated location, age, sex, and any other anonymous personal information collected by Brickfish. We may also share Anonymous information and/or aggregated Anonymous Information with third parties via APIs for the purpose of providing features and services to our movement. Brickfish reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties at its discretion. Public Places Members of our movement share information and knowledge. Therefore, you should assume that any information that you enter or post on the Website (excluding the nonpublic information in your Brickfish Account), may be openly shared on the Website with other community members and may also be available to people outside the movement. Depending on where you post your information, you might be able to further specify which members or group of members of the Brickfish movement will be able to have access to this information. Please be aware that if you enter any Personal Information into publicly available sections of the Website, this information will be displayed to anyone who has access to these sections. Brickfish will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of the Website available to others. Members are also able to search for publicly available information that was posted by a Brickfish member in public section of the Website, or for information in a Brickfish Profile, which you control.

**Disclosure of Personal Information**  
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not generally trade, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties, unless you ask us to do so. We may provide your Personal Information to third party service providers who work on behalf of or with Brickfish to provide some of the services and features of the Brickfish movement and to help us communicate with the members of our movement. However, these service providers do not have any independent right to share this information (except pursuant to a legal requirement such as a subpoena or warrant). We may make your Personal Information available to other organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you are a California resident and you would like to know (1) the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed in the prior calendar year to third parties about you for the purposes of the third parties’ marketing and/or (2) the names and addresses of such third parties, please contact us via email at: membersupport@brickfish.com Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If Brickfish is sold, your Personal Information will be provided to the new entity and notification of the sale shall be posted in this Privacy Policy.

**Note:**  On May 1, 2011, Highedge Inc. sold all assets including all user personal information to Social Mecca, Inc. The Privacy Policy will remain unchanged at this time. Upon termination of your account, any content or information submitted through or associated with your account will be handled as described in the Terms of Use. If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Brickfish; (b) to protect or defend the rights or property of Brickfish, users of our Website, or third parties; or © to investigate or prevent suspected fraud, illegal activity, threats to safety, or violations of the Terms or Use or this Privacy Policy.

**Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information**  
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you administrative emails (including service announcements and newsletters) regarding our services or notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. You may change any of the Personal Information in your account by editing your Brickfish Profile and Brickfish Account, or requesting that we delete your Brickfish Profile or Brickfish Account. However, you should note that we will retain your Personal Information in our archives and in public areas of the site (to the extent you made any public postings).

**Regarding Children under 13**  
We do not market to or intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 13. Other Sites Our provision of links to other website(s) or location(s) is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website(s) or location or its contents. Links to other website(s) or location(s) may also be posted by other Brickfish members within the Brickfish movement. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites. Security We use reasonable measures to maintain the security of your Personal Information. However, no company, including Brickfish, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.

**Contact Us**  
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us: membersupport@brickfish.com

**Privacy Policy Updates**  
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we collect, use, or disclose your Personal Information, we will post a notice on this page for at least 30 days. If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our Website.

Continued use of our Website following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
