> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brightcove.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121127100326id_/http%3A//www.brightcove.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Brightcove

## What Types of Information Do We Collect from You?

**Personal Information** is information that identifies an individual. In order for you to take advantage of particular opportunities provided through the Site (for example, to receive white papers, participate in certain forums on the Site or sign-up for the Brightcove Service), we may require that you furnish Personal Information. We collect Personal Information from you, such as your name, postal address, telephone number and email address, only when you voluntarily provide it to us. We may also combine Personal Information you provide to us with publicly available information, such as your organization’s name, in the event you provide us with an email address from your organization.

**Non-Personal Information** is aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal an individual’s specific identity.

  * **Environmental Variables.** We may collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type, screen resolution, OS version and browser type and version. These environmental variables are collected by most websites and can be used to optimize your experience on the Site.
  * **Cookies.** We and service providers acting on our behalf may set and access cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities on the website. This unique number identifies your web browser to our computer system. Cookies allow us to automatically remember your web browser when you use the Site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and they are currently used on most major websites. It is possible to adjust your web browser preferences to alert you when a cookie is sent to your hard drive, or to refuse cookies altogether. While we do not require you to use cookies, certain parts of the Site will not function properly if you set your browser to refuse all cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/>.
  * **Web Beacons**. Web beacons, also known as clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs, are small image files that we, or service providers acting on our behalf, may place in our Web pages, in our advertisements and in our emails. Working in conjunction with cookies, web beacons allow us to accurately count the number of unique users who have visited a specific Site page or section, clicked on one of our advertisements, or opened or acted upon an email. They also tell us the number of times advertisements or pages are displayed. This allows us to measure the performance of our Site, our advertising and our email campaigns.
  * **Information That You Provide.** We may also collect Non-Personal Information, such as your interests, geographic location and website address, when you provide it to us. Unless combined with Personal Information, this information does not personally identify you. In addition, we may aggregate Personal Information in a manner such that the end product does not identify you or any other Site user. Such aggregate information is considered Non-Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.



**IP Addresses.** Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), and in many cases, IP addresses are shared by multiple people. This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) you visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites.

## Other Important Notices Regarding Our Privacy Practices

**Payment Processing.** We use a third party payment service (“ **Payment Service”** ) to process credit card payments for certain editions of the Brightcove Service. When you provide credit card information on the Site, that information is sent directly to the Payment Service. Brightcove does not have access to your full credit card number and does not store such information in its own systems. You acknowledge and agree that any Personal Information that you provide in connection with such credit card payments will be transmitted directly to the Payment Service. Information transmitted to the Payment Service is encrypted using SSL software. The Payment Service is required to comply with all applicable privacy and security laws and the rules and regulations issued by the credit card companies, however, **Brightcove is not responsible for the Payment Service’s failure to comply with such laws, rules and/or regulations.**

**Forums and Profiles.** We may make other services available through the Site (for example, message boards, forums, chat functionality, “profile pages” and blogs) to which you are able to post information and materials (collectively referred to as the “Forums”). Please note that any information you disclose through the Forums may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose Personal Information, or any other information, via the Forums. **We are not responsible for the use of any Personal Information you disclose through the Forums.**

**Third Party Sites and Services.** We provide links on this Site as a convenience for our users. We may also inform customers of the Brightcove Service about third party services or applications that can be used in connection with the Brightcove Service, including services from companies associated with Brightcove’s Alliance program (as further described at [www.brightcove.com](http://www.brightcove.com/)). In addition, customers of the Brightcove Service generally use the Brightcove Service to publish videos on their own, or third party, websites. This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, or of other websites or services operated by third parties. Your activities, including your provision of Personal Information, with any such third parties or such third parties’ websites or services will be governed by the privacy policy of such third parties. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us or by our affiliates. **We are not responsible for the use of any Personal Information you disclose to third party sites or services.**

**Security.** We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please do not send us sensitive information through email. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the _“Contacting Us”_ section below (note that if you choose to notify us via physical mail, this will delay the time it takes for us to respond to the problem).

**Opt-Out.** If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt out by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the latest such message you have received or by contacting us at [privacy@brightcove.com](mailto:privacy@brightcove.com). If you would prefer that we not share Personal Information about you in the future with our affiliates and/or with third parties for such affiliates’ and/or third parties’ marketing purposes, you may opt out from such sharing by contacting us at [_privacy@brightcove.com_](mailto:privacy@brightcove.com). Please specify whether you are opting out of receiving messages from us or from sharing with our affiliates and third parties.

We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out as described above, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of our affiliates or third parties with whom we have already shared your Personal Information. If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related emails from such affiliates or third parties, please contact them directly.

**Changing or Suppressing Personal Information.** If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress or otherwise limit our use of your Personal Information that has been previously provided to us, you may contact us by email at [privacy@brightcove.com](mailto:privacy@brightcove.com). We will respond to your request in accordance with applicable law. For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. You also may review, correct and update certain information that you provided by logging into your Brightcove Service account and editing your profile information.

In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed or suppressed. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in compliance with applicable law. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed. Finally, we are not responsible for removing or suppressing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your Personal Information, or limiting their use of your Personal Information. If you wish to change or suppress information provided to an affiliate or third party, please contact them directly.

**Retention Period.** We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law.

**Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children:** The Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that children not provide Personal Information through the Site. If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us in accordance with the _“Contacting Us”_ section below.

**Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Issues.** We do not represent or warrant that the Site, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. By using the Site and submitting any Personal Information, you consent to the transfer of Personal Information to other countries, such as the United States, which may provide a level of data security different from your country of residence.

**Contacting Us.** If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at [privacy@brightcove.com](mailto:privacy@brightcove.com), or please write to the following address:

Customer Service/Privacy Policy or General Counsel  
Brightcove Inc.  
290 Congress Street  
Boston, MA 02210  
Phone: +1 617 500 4947
