> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brightstorm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090429112138id_/http%3A//www.brightstorm.com/corporate/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Brightstorm - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Brightstorm Service. The Privacy Policy outlines the type of information Brightstorm collects from you and how we use that information. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information collected on Brightstorm websites and in Brightstorm content available on our websites where this Privacy Policy is posted, and does not apply to any other information collected by Brightstorm through any other means. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our international affiliates, or any websites maintained by other entities to which we link. Brightstorm is not responsible for the content provided on those websites or any personal information those websites may collect about you.

Finally, the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws.

**Your Consent to this Privacy Policy**  
By using the Brightstorm Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as Brightstorm may amend them from time to time. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and made a part of, the Brightstorm Terms of Use which govern the use of the Brightstorm Service.

**Personal Information**  
When you register for and/or purchase the Brightstorm Service you may be asked for your name, age, email, country, location, street address, credit card number and other personal information. We will also collect and maintain other information about the courses you take, and other information that you may choose to provide, including photographs and other personally identifiable information.

**Right to Opt In and Opt Out**  
You have the right to "opt-in" and "opt-out" of certain of our uses of your personal information. You may choose not to receive any promotional correspondence from Brightstorm. If you opt-out of receiving promotional correspondence from Brightstorm, we may still contact you in connection with your continued use of the Brightstorm Service.

**Collection of Information via Technology**  
To optimize the performance of our website, each time you visit the Brightstorm website we automatically collect and store: the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website from which you linked directly to our website; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the URL of your destination after you leave our website.We may use "cookies" to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our website. Cookies are pieces of information generated by our website and stored on your computer. We use cookies to maintain your website preferences, to automate your log-ins to our website, to help analyze traffic to our websites, and to track downloads or referrals. This information may be associated with the personal information available in your account.We may use "Clear GIFs" or images to analyze traffic on our websites, and within HTML e-mails to determine whether the e-mails have been opened. Clear GIFs (also called Web Beacons, or Web Bugs) are small images embedded on web-pages and in email communications. We do not use clear GIFs to collect or store any of your personal information.

**How Your Information is Used**  
Whatever the purpose may be, we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our business objectives. For example, we use personal information submitted through a job application to evaluate your candidacy, or, we use an email address obtained from the newsletter registration to deliver the newsletter emails. We use your personal information to:  
\- respond to your requests for additional information  
\- provide you with access to content  
\- notify you of changes to the website  
\- provide product support, customer services and other communications related to your transactions on our website or with our products (e.g., reminders about posting you have made, expirations of postings you have made, or updates to courses you have licensed) determine if you are eligible to receive certain products, services or promotions, provide you with additional information that may be of interest, including marketing materials, and support other everyday business purposes, such as product development, job applications, and website administration.

**Sharing of Information with Third Parties**  
We won't share your information with a third party other than outlined in this policy. We may use the information you provide to us to provide you with access to the different parts of the Brightstorm Service. We will also use the information for our internal record keeping purposes and we may send you e-mail notices and offers and otherwise correspond with you, about additional courses or other that may be of interest to you.  
Examples of ways that third parties could have access to your information include:

Public Display of Information

If you participate in community features, your username will be visible to the public. You may also display your name, contact info through some of these services. In addition, our chat, tips and forums allow you to communicate with members of the online community. Whenever you give out information in public areas on our website, that information can be collected and used by people you do not know so you should not give out personal information. Please do not post any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, financial information or any other information that would enable other users to locate you or contact you

Service Providers

We occasionally employ other companies to perform services necessary to our internal operations. For example, we may partner with other companies to fulfill an order for games, deliver promotional emails, or provide customer service. While providing services for us, these companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service. These companies are obligated to maintain your personal information in confidence. We may also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office or other couriers for delivery purposes.

Aggregate Information

We may take your personal information and make it non-personally identifiable. We do this either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), and by removing characteristics (e.g., your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you. This process is known as de-personalizing your information. We may use de-personalized information in any way and share it with third parties.

Legally Compelled Disclosures

We may disclose user information when compelled to do so by government authorities or otherwise as required or permitted by law, such as to respond to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that any individual could be harmed by such activities.

**Purchase or Sale of Businesses / Survivability**  
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), this may change in the future. We may share some or all of your personal information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings.

**Your California Privacy Rights**  
Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We may share our customer's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes only as described in this Privacy Policy.  
If you would like to know:  
1) the categories of personal information that we disclosed in the prior calendar year to such third parties about you for the purposes of the third parties' marketing, and/or  
2) the names and addresses of such third parties, please contact us through our [customer support form](https://web.archive.org/corporate/support)

If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail or contact us at:  
Brightstorm Inc.  
649 Mission Street  
San Francisco, CA 94105

Or our [customer support form](https://web.archive.org/corporate/support)

Changes to Privacy Policy

Brightstorm may deem it necessary or appropriate to make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the ways Brightstorm collects or uses your information. Brightstorm therefore reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by updating and re-publishing this Privacy Policy on our website. Brightstorm will use reasonable efforts to provide you notice of any changes, however information will be handled according to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is used.

**Contact Us**  
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us through our [customer support form](https://web.archive.org/corporate/support).

Effective Date: October 20th, 2008
