> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bringatrailer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180930080910id_/https%3A//bringatrailer.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Bring a Trailer

**Bring A Trailer Privacy Policy**

_Effective Date:  April 21, 2016_

**Introduction**

Bring a Trailer Media LLC dba BaT Media (“BaTMedia,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) respects the privacy of visitors to our website. We created the following Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our website (“Site”) or use other online services (collectively, the “Service”), why we collect it and how it is used and disclosed. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected online and does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from sources other than through the Service. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms and Conditions. By accessing or using the Service, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

**Information We Collect**

We gather two categories of information: (1) information provided by visitors to the Service when they complete an online form or enter information regarding themselves and/or their vehicle(s) (2) information we collect by using technology when visitors use our website.

Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

**Personally Identifiable Information:** We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, register on the Site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, email us and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.

Personally Identifiable Information is any information used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information. BaTMedia collects Personally Identifiable Information from you only when you choose to make it available to us on the Service, and may include, without limitation, the city where you live, your zip code, your first and last name, your credit card number and card expiration date when you place a request for our services, your billing address, your cell phone number, your email address, information regarding your vehicle and its history, and any personally identifiable information you provide in your communications to prospective buyers or sellers, made through our Service. By providing us with your mobile phone number, you agree that we may send information to your mobile phone via text message or email.

If you choose to post content to any of the interactive areas of our Service, such as discussion forums, comments fields and social media areas, the information you post can be seen, collected and used by anyone who has access to those areas. BaTMedia is not responsible for any third-party use of such information.

We may offer sweepstakes or other promotions. To enter, we will ask you to provide information about yourself (such as your name, phone number, address, date of birth, and email address). We will use this information to contact you if you win, and we may also use this information for marketing or other purposes. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes; we will identify the co-sponsor in the contest rules. We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third-party service providers that help administer our promotion. If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors, do not enter the contest or sweepstakes.

We may survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our Service and to help us learn more about our audience and how they interact with our Service. Third-party research firms may conduct these surveys on our behalf. We will not share, without your consent, any personally-identifying information you submit in response to a survey with any company other than the research firm conducting the survey. We will, however, take the information you provide and aggregate it on an anonymous basis with data collected from other survey participants. We may use and disclose that pool of anonymous information, without identifying you personally.

BaTMedia also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information and the page you request.

We may also receive Personally Identifiable Information about you from third parties, including, for example, information about your transactions, purchase history, relationships with various product and service providers, and your use of certain applications. For example, if you access our Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook, by “following,” “liking,” adding the BaTMedia application, linking your account to the BaTMedia Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to BaTMedia. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account, any information you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to BaTMedia’s Service.

**“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”:** We also collect information about your interactions with the Service in a manner and format that does not identify you as an individual (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. We may collect, use, and disclose Non-Personally Identifiable Information as set forth below.

**Analytics Information:** We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including the web pages you visit, your browser add-ons, your browser’s width and height, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. The third-party analytics services may aggregate the data they collect with data they collect from other websites to enhance their offering of analytical services, but will not use any information they collect for any directed marketing purposes.

**Cookies Information:** When you visit the Service, we may (or we may authorize a trusted third party partner to) send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets BaTMedia help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time.

A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

**Log File Information:** Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

**Clear Gifs/Web Beacons Information:** When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.

**Device Identifiers:** When you access the Service by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart-phones, iPads or tablets), we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers,” such as a unique device identifier (“UDID”). Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by BaTMedia. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service. The device identifier information that we collect does not itself collect or transmit any Personally Identifiable Information to us, however, a device identifier may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute Personally Identifiable Information. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.

**Location Data:** When you utilize the Service by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service. The location data that we collect does not itself contain or transmit any Personally Identifiable Information to us, however, location data may be used in conjunction with other information in a manner that may constitute Personally Identifiable Information.

**How Is Your Information Used?**

**Personally Identifiable Information:** Personally Identifiable Information collected by BaTMedia is used to provide you with the BaTMedia Service. We collect your email address if you create an account through email. We collect your first and last name and your phone number to provide you quality customer service. Your credit card information is collected when you request to use BaTMedia Services and your billing address is collected to fulfill these orders. If you “park” (list your vehicle for sale) on our site, we may use information you submit to us in connection with your purchase of that listing, including your name and location and on third-party sites where we distribute or promote your listing. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you with product information, support the services offered on the Service and to notify you of technical updates, changes in policy or other customer services. We may contract with one or more third party agents to provide the BaTMedia Service. These third parties may include credit card processing companies, automobile valuation agencies, insurance companies, website designers, website hosting companies and others who assist in providing the information, systems or materials available through the BaTMedia Service. Selected parts of your Personally Identifiable Information may be shared with these third party agents in order to provide you with the BaTMedia Service. We also use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., during active bidding, account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. We will retain your Personally Identifiable Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.

If at any time User subscribed to receive BaTMedia Daily email digests of non-auction content, checked the box to “stay in the conversation via email” on a comment stream or requested to “Watch” an auction, users can opt out with unsubscribe links at the bottom of each email. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at mail@bringatrailer.com. We will retain and use your Personally Identifiable Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We use or may use cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; and (h) track User Generated Content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, and (i) automatically update the BaTMedia application on your system and related devices.

**How Is Your Information Shared or Disclosed?**

**Personally Identifiable Information:** We do not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties except for the purposes of providing the Service to you. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our trusted third party partners who assist us in operating our Service, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your Personally Identifiable Information confidential. As further described in this paragraph, Personally Identifiable Information collected from you is only disclosed by BaTMedia to complete and support your purchases from and your use of the BaTMedia Service and to comply with any requirements of law. We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.

BaTMedia may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BaTMedia or this Service; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of BaTMedia or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of BaTMedia, its Service or the public. Any Personal Identifiable Information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personally Identifiable Information such as customer names and email addresses, and other user information related to the Service will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on “How Is Your Information Used.” We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymous data with our third party business partners.

**Online Advertising:** We may also share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with our business partners to deliver online advertisements (“ads”) that may be of interest to you. BaTMedia may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to place advertisements on the Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Service. These ad-servers and ad-networks automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Service (without using any Personally Identifiable Information), and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content. BaTMedia does not sell, rent, or share your Personally Identifiable Information with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties’ own marketing purposes, unless you choose in advance to have your information shared for this purpose. However, please note that if an advertiser asks BaTMedia to show an ad to a certain audience and you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. In addition, third-party advertisers may use Non-Personally Identifiable information (e.g., information that does not include your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this and other websites about third-party goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click [here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html) or [here](http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). The BaTMedia Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities or the content of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information. Browsing and interaction with any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.

**Your Choices About Your Information**

We will use your email address to send you notifications while using our Service. You may opt out of these notifications at any time by sending an email to mail@bringatrailer.com. We will send you strictly Service-related announcements on rare occasions when we deem it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we may send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.

You can manage your account and make modifications to any preferences applicable to providing the BaTMedia Service by updating your user information on the application. You can also modify, amend or delete any account information you provide to the Service.

**Opting Out of Collection of Personally Identifiable Information:** You may, of course, decline to submit any Personally Identifiable Information through the Service, in which case BaTMedia may not be able to provide certain services to you.

**Do Not Track Signals:** BaTMedia does not respond to Do Not Track signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personally Identifiable Information about an individual consumer’s online

activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services. As described in the following paragraph, you may disable cookies on your browser to prevent BaTMedia or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted online advertising

**Opting Out of Collection of Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser. Please refer to your browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org.)

Note that disabling cookies on your browser prevents BaTMedia or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted online advertising. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service.

**Opting Out of Online Advertising:** As noted above, we may share Non-Personally-Identifiable Information with our trusted third-party business partners to deliver online advertisements to your browser or mobile device through the Service, and/or to third-party websites and services.

**The Security of Your Information**

**Safeguarding Measures:** BaTMedia takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we collect through the Service is stored in a secure manner. We use commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected. BaTMedia protects the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Notwithstanding the foregoing measures, BaTMedia cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to BaTMedia or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Any information you include in an actual vehicle listing is publicly available on the website and viewable by anyone with Internet access.

**Compromise of Information:** In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, BaTMedia will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

**International Transfers**

All information collected on the Service, including Personally Identifiable Information, may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which BaTMedia or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country and the use and disclosure of information about you, including Personally Identifiable Information, as described in this Privacy Policy

**Children**

This Site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 19. Any person who provides their information to BaTMedia through the Account login page for new customers or any other part of the BaTMedia Service represents to BaTMedia that he/she is 19 years of age or older.

Further, BaTMedia does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as users. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at mail@bringatrailer.com.

**Testimonials**

We may post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web site which may contain Personally Identifiable Information. We do obtain the customer’s consent via email prior to posting the testimonial.

**Links to Other Sites**

Third-party providers involved in the operation of the Service (including, but not limited to, vendors of products and services and providers of, tools, and applications) featured on or linked to by the Service may also collect information about you. Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies. BaTMedia’s third party processing service, Stripe, Inc., processes all payments made to BaTMedia and its privacy policy can be found at <https://stripe.com/us/privacy>.

If you click on a link to a third party site, [including on an advertisement], you will leave the BaTMedia site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as BaTMedia. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services before providing any Personally Identifiable Information.

**Changes in this Privacy Statement**

BaTMedia may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will update the “effective” date at the top of this page. Your continued use of this website following the effective date of any such amendment shall be deemed to constitute your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement as amended. By visiting bringatrailer.com, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement and our Terms and Conditions.

**Disclaimer**

We take our commitment to protection of your privacy, as set out in this Policy, seriously. Nevertheless, NOTHING IN THIS PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY IS INTENDED TO CREATE OR PROVIDE ANY RIGHT OF ACTION FOR VIOLATION.

**California Privacy Rights Notice**

Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: [mail@bringatrailer.com](mailto:mail@bringatrailer.com). In your request, please specify that you want a “Your California Privacy Rights Notice”. Please allow at least 30 days for a response.

**Contact Us**

If you believe that BaTMedia has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at: [mail@bringatrailer.com](mailto:mail@bringatrailer.com) and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the problem.
