> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bristol.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121005035751id_/http%3A//bristol.gov.uk/form/disclaimer-and-website-content) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer and website content | Bristol City Council

## Disclaimer

Bristol City Council makes every effort to maintain the accuracy of the information on this website but cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage which may occur from use of the information.

Bristol City Council does not provide quality control of external links; the inclusion of any company's name within the pages should not be construed as a recommendation of that company's products and / or services.

If you find anything that causes concern please use the comments form for [Customer Services](https://web.archive.org/page/council-and-democracy/contacting-bristol-city-council).

## Privacy

Bristol City Council doesn't capture and store any personal information about individuals who access this Web site, except where you voluntarily choose to give us your personal details via email, or by inquiring about any of our services. In these latter cases, the personal data you give Bristol City Council will be used exclusively for providing you with the information you have requested. We don't pass any of your personal data to outside organisations and/or individuals, except with your express consent. Bristol City Council's web applications only use cookies to assist in site navigation and session management so visitors to our site remain anonymous.

### Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website and help us create a more useful and easy to use site.  This is a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to collect information such as visitor numbers and the most popular pages.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. 

If you want to see more information about how Google uses this data and what they do with the data they collect, please view their [privacy policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).

## Cookies

When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.

We have provided details on [how we use cookies](https://web.archive.org/page/cookies) and how you can choose to disallow cookies when you access our site.

## Data Protection

You have a right to know about the personal information Bristol City Council (the Council) holds about you. If you make a request to find out what the Council holds, you must list what contact you have had, or what services you have used/been provided with, by the Council. You should provide as much detail as possible. You also have a right to have your data corrected or deleted. Please address all your requests and/or queries about our data-protection policy to Bristol City Council at the following address:

Data Protection Officer,  
The Council House,  
College Green,  
Bristol,  
BS1 5TR

Alternatively, you can email the Data Protection Officer at [foi@bristol.gov.uk](mailto:foi@bristol.gov.uk) or fill in the form below.
