> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brit.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191226040319id_/https%3A//www.brit.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Brit + Co

Welcome to the website and online service of Brit Media, Inc. and its affiliates, which own and operate Brit & Co. and Snapguide (“Brit Media,” “we,” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to our websites, including [www.brit.co](https://www.brit.co/) and [www.snapguide.com](https://snapguide.com/), and our mobile apps for iPhone, Windows or Android mobile devices (collectively, our “Services”). We provide this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of information that apply to our Service, as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information. Please take a few moments to read the sections below to make sure you understand our policies. **This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 16, 2018.** **1\. How We Collect and Use Information.** Through our Service, we seek to curate and create innovative new ways for busy, but inspired people to live more simply, beautifully and creatively. Our goal is to show people how to add order to the chaos of their daily lives in a fun, easy, and elegant way. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our [Terms of Use](https://www.brit.co/terms-of-use/). **Types of Personal Information You Provide Directly** : We ask for personal information such as your name, email address, billing and shipping address and payment information when you register for a User account with the Service, make a purchase, or if you correspond with us (in which case we will also retain our responses). We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service. **Personal Information We May Receive From Third Parties** : We may receive Personal information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” or adding the Brit Media application to a third party social network, linking your third party account to the Brit Media Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Brit Media.  This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account, an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service.  You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to Brit Media’s websites or Service. **Use of Personal Information:** We may use the personal information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you.  We may also send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers that we believe may interest you.  If you do not want to receive such email messages, we will give you the option to opt out or change your preferences.  We may contact you using push notifications. If you do not wish to receive push notifications, you may adjust your settings on your browser or device. We also use your personal information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).  You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. **Inviting a Friend to Use Our Service:** If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a friend to the Service, we will ask you for that person’s email address and automatically send an email invitation to the invitee.  When we invite your friends to join the Service, we will include your name and photo to let them know that you are the person extending the invitation. After sending these invitations, we may also send reminder emails to your invitees on your behalf. We store this information to send this email, to register the invitee if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our invitation service.  Unless the invitee becomes a registered User of the Service, we do not use the invitee’s email address for marketing purposes, and we do not share the invitee’s email address with third parties other than Brit Media’s service providers or in the event of a corporate transaction or proceeding as described below in  **Sharing of Your Information.**  The invitee may contact us at any time to request that we remove his or her information from our database at support@brit.co. **Cookies and other Tracking Technologies Used to Collect Information:** We, and our third party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website, use our Service, read our emails, or communicate with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, pixels, locally stored objects (“LSOs”), web beacons, file information and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”). For example, we collect information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account, and other such information. We also collect information about the way you use our Service, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service. When you access our Service from a mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google AdID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device, or we may be able to approximate a device’s location by analyzing other information, like an IP address. We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users, including by helping to identify our users across multiple devices. You can learn more about Google’s practices [here](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners) and view its currently available opt-out options [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). We may also work with third party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which help us recognize and contact you across multiple devices. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time. We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising, on various devices you may use; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices, (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) track User Content and Users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act; (h) automatically update the Brit Media application on your mobile devices, and (i) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it. Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more about Flash objects – including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies – on Adobe’s website. If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered. **2\. Sharing of Your Information.** We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on our choices, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below. Remember, our Service allows you to connect and interact with others. **Who We May Share Your Personal Information With:** We may share your personal information with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you (e.g., email providers, server or fulfillment providers, payment processors, etc.).  Those business partners will be given limited access to the Personal information that is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. We may also share your information with other brands owned or controlled by Brit Media, including Snapguide, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us). These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy. We may also share your personal information with third party partners who provide co-branded products, content, services, or promotions, or with other parties whose products, content and/or services we think you may enjoy. **Who You May Choose to Share Your Personal information With:** Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information. **What Happens to Your Personal information in the Event of a Change of Control:** We may buy or sell/divest Brit Media, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses.  Personal information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content, and other User information (including Non-Personal information) related to the Service will likely be among the items transferred in these types of transactions.  We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings. **Instances Where We Are Required to Share Your Personal information:** Brit Media will disclose Personal information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our [Terms of Use](https://www.brit.co/terms-of-use/), or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Brit Media, our Users or others. We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties. **3\. How We Store and Protect Your Information.** **Storage and Processing:**  Brit Media is located in the United States. Personal information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Brit Media or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities.   **Keeping Your Information Safe:** Brit Media cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service.  However, Brit Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Brit Media or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.  Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Brit Media’s distributors, such as social networks.  Brit Media is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Brit Media will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. **4\. Your Choices About Your Information.** **Accessing and updating your Personal Information:**  You may update your account information at any time by logging in to your account and adjusting your profile and settings.  You may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through the Service, in which case Brit Media may not be able to provide certain services to you. Controlling email communications: You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications.  We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.  As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may also adjust your email communications preferences through your Settings. **Controlling push notifications:** We may work with third party partners to provide push notifications through your web browser or mobile device. You can control push notifications through Settings on your browser or mobile device. For example, you can stop receiving push notifications by following the instruction available through Google Chrome Help Center available [here](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/3220216?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en&oco=1). Depending on the browser or device you use to access the Service, these settings and controls may differ. Please refer to your browser’s current settings to turn on or off push notifications or click “block” on any notification. **User-Generated Content:** Following termination or deactivation of your User account, Brit Media may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. Furthermore, Brit Media may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information (including User Content) contained in your communications to other Users or posted to public or semi-public areas of the Service after termination or deactivation of your User account. **Deleting or Anonymizing Your Content:** If you are under 18 years of age, you may request that the User Content that you posted to the Service be deleted or anonymized such that your personal information will not be identifiable publicly on our Service by contacting us at support@brit.co. While we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to delete or anonymize your User Content upon request, please be aware that due to the social nature of our Service, you may not be able to completely remove all of your personally identifiable User Content if, for example, that content has been stored, republished, or reposted by another user or a third party. We may also maintain your information in identifiable form for our internal use, even if your personal data is no longer visible to the public on our Service. **5\. Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising.** **Interest Based Advertising:** We participate in interest-based advertising and use third-party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. We may share, or we may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party services, to collect, information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other devices you may use, and on other websites, apps or services, including on Facebook. These third parties may collect information such as click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, mobile device identifiers, app usage, and/or precise geolocation data and other information. We and our third party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. **Social Media Widgets and Advertising:** Our Service may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, Google Plus, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employee other tracking technologies. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics, and we may share a hashed email address or other persistent identifiers with the social network for this purpose. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to receive interest-based ads on your social networks, you can adjust your ad preferences through your settings on those networks. **Cross-Device Linking:** We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device. We may share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) with third-party advertising partners for this purpose. We may also work with third-party partners who employ tracking technologies, or the application of statistical modeling tools, to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. We, and our partners, can use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across your devices, to perform analytics and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. **Your Choices:** **Interest-based advertising**. To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit the [Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices) and/or the [DAA’s resources](http://www.aboutads.info/choices). You may also manage certain advertising cookies by visiting the [EU-based Your Online Choices page](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). **Cross-device linking.** Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use. **Mobile advertising.** You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). You may also be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting [Your Ad Choices page](http://youradchoices.com/appchoices) and downloading the mobile AppChoices app. Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again. **Google Analytics and Advertising.** We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available [here](https://google.com/ads/preferences) or by vising [NAI’s online resources](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices). **6\. The General Data Protection Regulation.** Our Service is directed to US residents. If you are located in the EU or Switzerland, we rely on several legal bases to process your personal information. These legal bases include where: *The processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations, such as to provide you the Service as described in our Terms of Service; *You have given your prior consent, which you may withdraw at any time (such as for marketing purposes or other purposes we obtain your consent for from time to time); *The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order or to exercise or defend legal claims; *The processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as in improving, personalizing, and developing the Services, marketing new features or products that may be of interest, and promoting safety and security as described above. If you have any questions about or would like further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If you are located in the EU or Switzerland, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold: **Right of access.** The right to obtain access to your personal data. Right to rectification. The right to obtain rectification of your personal data without undue delay where that personal data is inaccurate or incomplete. **Right to erasure.** The right to obtain the erasure of your personal data without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed. **Right to restriction.** The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal data. **Right to portability.** The right to portability allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one organization to another. **Right to object.** You have a right to object to processing based on legitimate interests and direct marketing. If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy. You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available [here](http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm). **7.  Children’s Privacy.** Brit Media does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users.  The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at legal@brit.co. **8.  Other Web Sites and Services.** We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein.  Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services.  Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.  In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not exercise control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content.  If you are using a third party website or service (like Facebook or Twitter) and you allow such a third party access to your User Content, you do so at your own risk.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) and from other sources other than through the Service. **9.  Your California Privacy Rights.** If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at legal@brit.com. **10\. How to Contact Us.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at:  
Brit Media, Inc.  
550 Sutter Street  
San Francisco, CA 94102  
legal@brit.co  
  **11.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy.** Brit Media may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically.  When we change the Policy in a material manner, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page.
