> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wspgroup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150611012208id_/https%3A//www.wspgroup.com/en/Who-we-are/Privacy-and-Cookie-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Cookie Policy

The privacy of your personal information is of the utmost importance to WSP Global Inc., its subsidiaries, divisions and affiliates (“WSP”, “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”, as appropriate). This Privacy and Cookie Policy (“Privacy Policy”) covers the information that we collect about you upon doing business with you or the organization that are involved with as an employee or a contractor, or that you provide to us online through our corporate website located at <http://www.wspgroup.com/> or one of our other websites, including various other WSP websites (the “Site”). It also explains how we use cookies and similar technologies. By providing us with your personal information or by visiting one of our websites, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information about our employees, partners or contracted staff, which is dealt with in a separate policy.

**Collection and Use of Personal Information**

**Information you provide.** We may collect your personal information such as your name, contact information, postal code, e-mail address when you (or the organization that you are involved with as an employee or contractor) are doing business with us. **** You will usually know when we collect this information because you will be asked to provide us with your information. We will only use this information to manage our business relationship with you or your employer. **** We may also collect your name, contact information, e-mail address and any information which you send to us or post on our Site, such as when you make an inquiry through our website or when you post content through our blog. We will only use this information to contact you in order to answer your questions and requests, to provide you with the information or services which you have requested or to manage the content which you have posted on our Site.

**Technical information.** When you visit our Site, we may collect, using electronic means, technical information. This information may include the IP address of your computer and which browser you used to view our Site, operating system, resolution of screen, location, language settings in browsers, the site you came from and searched for keywords (if arriving from a search engine). This technical data is aggregated and used to measure and improve the effectiveness of our Site. We do not attempt to combine this technical data with other personal information we collect on our Site. You can block the use of cookies by activating the settings in your browser but if you choose to withhold consent, or subsequently block cookies, you may not be able to access all or part of the content of our website.

**Sharing of personal information.   **Except as mentioned in this Privacy Policy, unless we have your express consent, we will not sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any third party, except to internal service providers that we use to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the operation of our Site or our business. These internal service providers are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any purpose other than to facilitate the specific outsourced related operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses. ****

From time to time, we may be required to provide personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.

**Transfer of Personal Information Outside of Canada.** Our head office is located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. In some cases, personal information that we manage may be processed in Canada and may be disclosed, processed and stored outside Canada, and therefore may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable there. In particular, although this may change over time, our electronic business records are maintained on a secure server located in Sweden. Any electronic records generated during the course of business transactions with us will be maintained on that server. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Canadian law. ****

**Sale of Business.**   In the event that we intend to sell or transfer ownership or control of any or all of our business, operations or services to a third party, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information to a potential buyer both before and after the purchase. However, in the event the sale goes through, we will require that the receiving party agree that they will be similarly bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy and that they will only use and disclose your personal information as we are similarly entitled under this Privacy Policy. In the event the sale does not go through, we will require the potential purchaser to not use or disclose your personal information in any manner whatsoever and to completely erase the same. 

**Security of Personal Information.   **We will use reasonable security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access. Please be careful whenever sending personal information to us via e-mail. E-mail is generally not a secure means of transferring information. We therefore cannot guarantee that this information will not be lost or used in a fraudulent manner and we encourage the use of e-mail encryption to communicate with us.

**Enforcement.** The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to set out the principles governing the use of personal data you give to us, or we obtain about you. WSP complies with this Privacy Policy as well as applicable Canadian private sector data protection laws such as the _Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act_ and substantially similar provincial laws pertaining to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, which laws provide for an adequate protection of personal data according to the European Commission Decision of 20 December 2001 pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (notified under document number C(2001) 4539). When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve directly with the relevant individuals. ****

**Change of Privacy Policy.   **If there is any material change in our Privacy Policy, the revised statement will be posted on this Site. Regardless of any changes we make to our Privacy Policy, we will only use your personal information in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy in place at the time you provided your information, unless you later give your express consent for us to do otherwise. ****

**Contact for Questions or Concerns.   **If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to review, edit your personal information or request that we delete personal information stored in the databases we actively use, please contact: [privacy@wspgroup.com](mailto:privacy@wspgroup.com). ********

Unless restricted by law, we will take all reasonable steps to functionally delete your personal information from our database(s) upon request, although we may keep a copy for archival purposes for as long as necessary in our opinion, in compliance with applicable laws. We will respond to your request to access, update or delete your personal information within thirty (30) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details (in a secure manner) to help us to respond to your request.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 7, 2014.

Please note that both the English and French versions of our Privacy Policy have equal legal value.
