> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doof.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071202132716id_/http%3A//www.doof.com/blog/contact/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# doof | Privacy

## Privacy

**Privacy Policy**

**Your Privacy Is Important To Us ******

**At Doof.com, we provide fun and exciting online games and social networking features in an accessible, understandable, and trustworthy environment. As part of this mission our sites and all of our partners are committed to protecting the privacy of our members and users. We believe that our members and users should know how their personal information is used and have choices. This Privacy Statement explains what information we collect from our members and users, how we use that information, and what choices are available to our users and members. ******

**Types of Information**  
  
We collect different types of information that we use in different ways, as explained below. Throughout our Privacy Policy we will use the following terms: Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual. Examples of this include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and credit card information if you establish an account with us and any other information that identifies you as you. Anonymous Information is information that is collected without connecting it to any name, address, or other Personal Information. This data provides us with anonymous information about how people use our sites and demographic information about our users, but does not identify you. For example, anonymous information may tell us how many people have played a particular game participated in a tournament or seen particular advertisements.

**Information that doof.com Acquires  
**  
We require users to register to play games, enter tournaments, establish accounts and receive email notification of account matters. During this registration process, we ask for Personal Information. If you do not provide the requested information you may not be able to participate in some or all of the games and/or services available on our sites and we may not be able to provide you with some of the other services and offers which may be dependent upon the collection of such information.We also collect Anonymous Information such as your IP address, the types of browser and operating system you use, the pages you visit on our sites, player rating information, and player game statistics. We may also collect demographic information in user surveys. From your IP address, we can determine the Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of the visitor’s point of connectivity. In the future, we may tailor our games to the user’s geographic location. This anonymous information is not associated with your Personal Information and cannot be linked to you personally.

**What Cookies are and how they are used within doof.com** ****

Like most entertainment and social networking sites, we use “cookies”. A cookie is a small data file stored in your computer that identifies your computer to us and which we use to track your visits to our sites so you do not have to re-register each time you visit a page. They also allow us to understand how you use our sites and how we can improve them.  
We may not require users to accept cookies to enjoy the site. You can set your browser to reject cookies, or to notify you when we, or another company, sends you a cookie. You should be aware, however, that some areas of our site may be significantly slower, or may not function at all, if cookies are disabled.Some of our advertising is placed by agencies that may also use cookies of their own. You may learn more about their use of information by visiting their sites.

**doof.com’s usage of information collected  
**  
In general, we do not disclose your Personal Information to any third party without first receiving your permission. By registering on our sites, however, you grant permission for your Personal Information to be shared and/or used as stated in this Privacy Policy. We may need to disclose Personal information when required by law when we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our sites or to administer our sites.Unless you have opted out as provided in this Privacy Policy, we may make your Personal Information available to our partners, advertisers or third parties. You can elect to opt-out of the sharing of some or all of your Personal Information at anytime by following a link to your account page contained in emails we send to you. Should you opt-out, however, you may no longer be able to participate in some or all of the activities otherwise available on the sites. We use the Personal Information you supply us, whether it is your registration or other information/data, to improve our service and your experience on our sites and provide our site users with offers, products and services we think they will find valuable and enjoy. We may also use your registration information and other data in promotional activities, for marketing purposes and to track your progress, notify you if you are a winner and provide you with prizes/awards and to ensure that we comply with the applicable laws.Your Personal Information may be disclosed to sponsors. Special sponsor promotions may involve a request for additional information. By submitting this additional information, you give us permission to share this information with the sponsor or any partners, advertisers or third parties. We may also use the information we collect to develop summary reports for our partners, advertisers and third parties. An example of a summary report might be “100,000 people clicked on this link and of those people, 35% were registered users above the age of 25.” We provide this information to assist our partners, advertisers and third parties in determining how to promote, and promoting, their products and services. We may tell our partners, advertisers, and third parties who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements. We may use publicly available consumer data to enhance the service we provide you and to present you with special advertising offers and promotions. In cases where we obtain publicly available consumer data, we may disclose your Personal Information to the party providing us with this data. We sometimes do this to help determine whether a particular offer or promotion will be of interest to you or our users.We sometimes use third parties to help with some of the services available on our site. When we supply Personal Information to these vendors, we require that they use it only for the function they are helping us with.We use Anonymous Information to analyze how people use our web site and its services. We exchange this information with advertisers and others who are interested in our services, and may supply our sponsors with aggregated demographic information about our users. We also use Anonymous Information to improve the experience of all players. For instance, Doof.com may segment players and create tournament leagues based on anonymous player rating information and player game statistics.

**Reviewing and correcting information collected about users  
**  
You may review and update your Personal Information or other data as necessary by logging into your personal doof.com account. In addition, you may contact us by email. You can also change your permission for us to share information with third parties or to send you information from time to time. Since anonymous data is not identifiable as originating with you, you are not able to review or change it.  
**  
**

**Making choices regarding the collection, disclosure and distribution of your Personal Information  
**  
You can always choose whether or not to disclose Personal Information and other data, and that choice may not prevent you from using those areas of the site that do not require registration or disclosure of Personal Information. You must understand, however, that you must provide some Personal Information in order to participate in our games, promotions, or other activities. **IF ANY ACTIVITY ASKS FOR ANY INFORMATION YOU DO NOT WANT SHARED, THEN DO NOT PARTICIPATE IN THAT ACTIVITY.** **You can opt out of receiving emails from us or from having your Personal Information shared. If you elect to “opt out,” from having your Personal Information shared, or the receipt of email, as soon after our receipt of your election as practical, we will not share your Personal Information or other data (except as aggregate data) with partners, advertisers, or third parties or send you emails. However, we may continue to use your Personal Information for internal purposes, for example, to conduct promotions, to enhance your user experience or as necessary to administer the sites or comply with applicable laws. ** You should be aware that once your Personal Information or other data is shared, it may become the property of the partner, advertiser or third party with whom it is shared, without limitation, and used or transferred by that partner, advertiser or third party as solely determined by them.

**Changes of policy  
**  
We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time. While we will usually indicate major changes by notice on our site, please check here from time to time to see if there is a revised policy posted. When our policy changes, information we have in our files will be subject to the modified policy, although you are free to modify or delete information as described Your initial and continued use of our sites constitutes your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time.   
  
******doof.com’s protection of your Personal Information**

Our Sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information you provide us. Your registration data is password-protected so that only you and us have direct access to this Personal Information. You should not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, if you share your computer or use a computer that is accessed by the general public (a University, library, etc.), remember to “log-out” and close your browser window when you have finished your session. This will help to ensure that others cannot access your personally identifiable information. You are solely responsible for any activity which is undertaken when your password is used. During sessions in which you give us information such as credit card numbers, we encrypt your transmissions using SSL (”Secure Sockets Layer”) technology. Even your registration account password is encrypted before it is sent to our computers. This helps guard against interception of the information while it is on the Internet. We keep Personal Information you provide on servers that are protected by firewalls and other technological means against intrusion or unauthorized access. They are located in a physically secure facility, and only our employees and agents with a need to know the information are given access. At the same time, we rely on you to select passwords that cannot be easily guessed. Guard them against disclosure, and promptly report any security problems to us.  SSL encryption is employed to protect sensitive data.  
While no amount of security can give a perfect guarantee, you can have a high degree of confidence that the personal information you give us is protected from unauthorized access and use. ****

**Privacy policies of sites linked with doof.com  
**  
Our sites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects Personal Information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our sites.  
  
**doof.com’s collection of Personal Information about children  
**  
doof.com is committed to the safety of our children. We will not knowingly accept participation of children under 18 in games that we sponsor. If, unknown to us, children under 18 nonetheless elect to use our site, they should always ask a parent for permission before sending any information to the site, or sending Personal Information to anyone online. doof.com will not knowingly request or knowingly collect from a child any information online that can be traced to the child, such as an email address, name or information about the child’s family. doof.com will not knowingly use Personal Information from children under age 18 for any marketing or promotional purposes. doof.com will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they are under the age of 18.If you have questions about this policy, wish to report a violation of our guidelines, or have any other questions or concerns, please contact us at support@doof.com.
