> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the skillmissionbihar.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171118213239id_/http%3A//www.skillmissionbihar.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bihar Skill Development Mission - Privacy Policy

This website does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you, (like name, phone number, mobile number or e-mail address), that allows us to identify you individually. Wherever the Website requests you to provide personal information, you will be informed for the particular purposes for which the information is gathered and adequate security measures will be taken to protect your personal information. We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the website site to any third party (public/private) except BSDM's Knowledge Framework Provider, our partners/vendors and SPMU. Any information provided to this Website will be protected from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We gather certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, domain name, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected. Please note that if users are entering their mobile number/email ID then they  agree to get notifications from our website. 
