> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the skin18.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029094344id_/http%3A//skin18.com/pages/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement – skin18com

PRIVACY STATEMENT

We, Skin18, who is a branch of Magzila Limited, take your personal information seriously and use or keep it confidential. In order to protect your private information, we have established this PRIVACY STATEMENT (the "Statement") in accordance with best practices in the industry and applicable laws and regulations. This Statement describes how we handle your personal information for our services on the skin18.com website and its related sites, services and tools (the "Website").

SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION? When you purchase something from our Website, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our Website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.

SECTION 2 - CONSENT How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your PayPal account or credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@skin18.com or mailing us at our headquarter at: Skin18, Unit 1607, 16/F, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong

SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.

SECTION 4 – HOSTING, PLATFORM & PAYMENT Our store is hosted on DOMAINCONTROL. They provide us with the server and we use Word Press as our online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through DOMAINCONTROL’s data storage, databases and the general DOMAINCONTROL’s application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. Payment: If you choose a PayPal or credit card transition, then PayPal stores your credit card data. When you use PayPal Services, PayPal also collect information about your transactions and your activities. In addition, if you open a PayPal account or use PayPal Services, they may collect the following types of information:  Contact information, such as your name, address, phone, email and other similar information.  Regardless, PayPal will not disclose your credit card number or bank account number to anyone you have paid or who has paid you using PayPal, or with the third parties that offer or use PayPal Services, except with your express permission or if PayPal are required to do so to comply with credit card rules, a subpoena, or other legal process. Financial information, such as the full bank account numbers and/or credit card numbers that you link to your PayPal account or give us when you use PayPal Services. Detailed personal information such as your date of birth or national ID number.

SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our Website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our Website’s Terms of Service. Links When you click on links on our Website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.

SECTION 6 - SECURITY To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.

SECTION 7 - COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not: visitors, shoppingcart, sessionid, password; this allows Skin18 to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).

  * visitors, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
  * shoppingcart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
  * sessionid, unique token, sessional
  * password, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.



SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT By using this Website, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our Website is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at [info@skin18.com](mailto:info@skin18.com) or by mail to our headquarter office: Skin18, Unit 1607, 16/F, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong 
