> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the skinceuticals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150905163317id_/http%3A//www.skinceuticals.com/customer-service-privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Customer Service: Privacy Policy

You may visit and browse the Sites without providing personally identifiable information about yourself. However, this may limit your ability to receive certain features, products or services from Us.

**Information You Provide**

We may collect Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (such as zip code, age), or payment information (such as account or credit card number) when you make a purchase. The types of Personal Information we collect may vary depending on your use of the features of the Sites. If you register at the Sites, enter a promotion, opt-in to receive emails or other offers or communications, we collect and store the information provided. We may also ask you to provide other information, such as demographic information, such as gender, age or about your product preferences and interests.

You may also be able to register and log in to the Site using a social media account, including your Facebook account. When you use a social media account to log into the Site, you may also be able to use certain social features on the Site. For Facebook log in, Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with the Site. This may include your first name, last name, gender, profile picture, list of friends, a link to your Facebook profile, likes, and other data that is part of your or your friends’ Facebook profile(s). This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook’s privacy policy. You can control the information that we receive from Facebook using the privacy settings in your Facebook account.

**Information We Collect Automatically**

**_Mobile Apps:_** Some of our mobile apps include opt-in, geo-location services that provide location-based services, such as store locators, local weather, promotional offers and other personalized content. Some of our mobile apps include opt-in “push notifications.” Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services or push notifications. If you consent to location services, we will collect information about the Wi-fi routers closest to you and the cell IDs of the towers closest to you to provide the requested location-based service, not to identify you.

**_Site Usage Information:_** L’Oreal and its third-party service providers may also use a variety of technologies that passively or automatically collect information about how the Sites are accessed and used ( **"Usage Information"** ), including your browser type, device type, operating system, application version, the pages served to you, the time you browse, preceding page views, and your use of features or applications on the Sites. This statistical data helps us understand what is interesting and relevant to users of the Sites so we can best tailor our content.

**_Device Identifiers:_** SkinCeuticals also automatically collects an IP address or other unique identifier information ( **"Device Identifier"** ) for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, **“Device”** ) you use to access the Sites. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, administer the Sites, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page movements, help identify you and your shopping cart, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

**_Cookies:_** Like many Web sites, we use "Cookies," which are data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience, including tailoring advertisements. Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Sites and your activities on such social networking sites. We also use cookies for “Refer a friend” programs or reward offers that you may participate in. We use cookies to track the account sending the referral and to track whether the “friend” registers or makes a purchase so that the referrer can receive its reward or offer. We, or our vendors, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our Sites (such as allowing us to select which ads or offers are most likely to appeal to you, based on your interests, preferences, location, or demographic information).

If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies. However, please be aware that some features and services on our Sites may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account. In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.

**_Pixel Tags or Web Beacons:_** We also use web beacons or pixel tags, which are transparent graphic images placed on a web page or in an email and indicate that a page or email has been viewed or tell your browser to get content from another server. These may provide confirmation to us when you open an email from us. 
