> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the skiphop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161126201856id_/http%3A//www.skiphop.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to the Skip Hop website (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by Skip Hop, Inc. (“Skip Hop” or “we”), and forms part of the Terms and Conditions of Use that govern your use of the Site.

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE. By using our Site, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy, and agree to be bound by it. If you do not agree to any of the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, your remedy is not to use the Site.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties, including via websites, applications, or other content that may be accessible from or linked to this Site. SKIP HOP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OR PRIVACY PRACTICES ON ANY NON-SKIP HOP SITE TO WHICH THIS SITE LINKS. There may be links on our website to the web sites of others. When you click onto one of these links, you are leaving Skip Hop’s website and accessing another party's website. These other web sites are not under Skip Hop’s control and may collect personal information from you. Our Privacy Policy does not address the information, privacy and security practices or policies of any other website. 

Privacy Policy Last updated: October 28, 2013

1\. Information We Collect and How We Collect It.
    Skip Hop collects different kinds of information from you in different ways. This Privacy Policy tells you about our information gathering, use, and disclosure practices and applies to information gathered through your use of this Site and your electronic communications through this Site. a. What Information Collected. We collect these types of information on the Site: i. “Non-personal Information” is any information that does not identify you individually (such as group demographics) or does not permit a direct association with an individual. Non-personal Information may include information derived from Personal Information that has been de-personalized by removing unique identifiers and/or combining it with information about other users to form aggregated data.  
ii. “Personal Information” is your personally identifiable information, including first and last name together with email address, mailing address, telephone number, geolocation information, financial or payment information, web browsing history related to the Site, date and times of visits to the Site, and/or IP address associated with your device. To the extent we associate Non-personal Information with Personal Information, we treat the combination as Personal Information. b. How Information Collected. We collect information on the Site in these ways. i. Voluntarily Provided. In the course of visiting and using the Site, you may provide information to us voluntarily. For example, you may register for newsletters, purchase a product, and/or register or create a login account to use certain features of the Site. In the course of doing so, you may be asked for information about yourself, including name, address, email address, baby’s age, and telephone number. If you voluntarily provide your Personal Information to us, we collect it. When you: (i) subscribe to our (electronic) mailing list and/or (ii) purchase a product from us online (each of the foregoing a “Transaction”), you may disclose Personal Information to Skip Hop that we collect. You choose whether to disclose Personal Information, but sometimes we may not be able to process your Transaction without it. Skip Hop may collect information you send us and combine it with information from other users and/or de-personalize it to make it Non-personal Information ii. Technologically Gathered. We collect some information automatically as you navigate the Site. For example, we collect traffic data (such as information about how much time visitors spend on the Site or each page, etc.), collect and log “clickstream data” (such as internet protocol addresses, pages visited, clicks made, and similar information) and information about your computer and internet connection (such as IP address, operating system, and browser type) for all visitors. This sort of information is generally considered Non-personal Information (unless it is combined with Personal Information that you or other sources provide to us). We may also collect geolocation data and browser history associated with your use of the Site. We may combine information about your use with information about others’ use to generate aggregated Non-personal Information about visitors as a group. Skip Hop may collect information through “cookies” and other technology, such as clear GIF technology (also known as a “web beacon”) and we may combine this with your Personal Information or with other Non-personal information. This Site employs cookies and web beacons to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you, and track your Site usage. 1\. (1) "COOKIES" are small pieces of information that are stored by a user's internet browser on a user's computer's hard drive. Most internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, but then you may not be able to access or use portions of this Site. 2\. (2) “WEB BEACONS” are small bits of code embedded in web pages or emails that assist in delivering cookies. Web beacons help Skip Hop determine whether a page on this Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on this Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. We may also use web beacons in email messages to determine what the recipient has done with the message. Although you cannot decline to receive web beacons when visiting a web page, you can choose not to receive web beacons by email if you disable HTML images or refuse HTML email messages. 
2\. How We Use the Information
    Generally, Skip Hop uses information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience, to communicate with you for marketing and promotional purposes via postal pieces, phone messages, or emails, to improve our products, to improve, administer, customize, and/or maintain the Site, to manage Transactions, to build relationships with you and other users, to fulfill other purposes for which you provide the information, and to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights. We may contact you to provide information about our products. Skip Hop may disclose information about your demographics or use of our Site in a way that does not personally identify you. Skip Hop may also use the information to contact you about Skip Hop and/or third parties’ goods or to allow third parties that promote Skip Hop and Skip Hop products to send promotional emails to you. a. Transactional Purposes. If you provide Personal Information to us in connection with a Transaction, we will use your information to process the Transaction and communicate with you about it. Processing the Transaction may require communication of your Personal Information with third parties. In particular, in order to process your Transaction, Skip Hop will communicate your Personal Information to its vendor that assists with processing Transactions. For your protection, Skip Hop does not store or provide access to credit card information, which is why you will be required to re-enter your credit card and expiration date with every online credit card transaction. b. Marketing. We may use your Personal Information and/or Non-personal Information to offer, market and advertise to you via the Site and/or through email or U.S. mail and to allow third parties who sell and promote Skip Hop goods to do the same. We may communicate with you about Skip Hop’s products that may interest you. We may use Non-personal Information to conduct market research and analysis for ourselves and for others. Skip Hop does not place any restrictions on the use of Non-personal Information. 
3\. Data Security
    a. Security Measures. Skip Hop takes steps to protect your Personal Information. Access to your Personal Information is restricted in the following ways: All personal information input and transmitted by you to our website when you place an order is protected by password and by an encryption using Secure Socket Layer Technology ("SSL"). SSL encrypts your order and personal information before it is transmitted to us to avoid the decoding of your information by anyone other than Skip Hop. b. Steps you can Take. Where you have selected or received a password for use in connection with login information or accessing certain features of the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and for not sharing it with anyone. c. Caution. While Skip Hop will endeavor to safeguard your Personal Information, it cannot guarantee absolute security. You acknowledge agree that Skip Hop shall not be liable for any security breach that results from causes or events that are beyond Skip Hop’s control (such as acts of God, hacking, terrorism, power outages, defects in third parties’ security products and services, your own acts and omissions, and other similar events beyond Skip Hop’s control). 
4\. Disclosure to Third Parties
    a. General Disclosures. Skip Hop may disclose your Personal Information in response to a subpoena or other court order, if otherwise required by law, or in an effort to cooperate with law enforcement. Skip Hop may disclose your Personal information when Skip Hop believes that doing so is necessary or desirable (a) to enforce Skip Hop’s rights or defend against legal claims, (b) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving personal threats to physical safety, allegations of intellectual property infringement or violations of privacy rights and/or (c) as otherwise required by law. Skip Hop may disclose your Personal Information to third parties to enable them to provide services to you or Skip Hop, process orders for you or Skip Hop, provide research or analysis for Skip Hop, provide data storage for Skip Hop, or assist Skip Hop in providing the products available through the Site and otherwise. Skip Hop may disclose your Personal Information in the event of a sale of substantially all of Skip Hop’s assets, the merger, dissolution, or reorganization of Skip Hop, or in connection with the transfer of a discrete portfolio of assets or information. If that happens, the new company’s privacy policy may govern the further protection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information. b. Sharing Information. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not, but may in the future, share, sell, or rent your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties so that they may offer, market and advertise products and services directly to you. If and when Skip Hop chooses to share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties other than as described in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with advance notice and the choice to opt out of such information sharing. Skip Hop does not place any restrictions on the use or disclosure of Non-personal Information. Skip Hop may share it with anyone for any purpose. c. California. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Site who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@skiphop.com, call us at 877-4-SKIPHOP or write us at: Skip Hop Customer Relations  
Privacy Policy  
50 West 23rd Street  
10th Floor  
New York, New York 10010  


### Contact Us

Please send any notices, questions, comments, or concerns regarding the Site (other than notifications of claimed copyright infringement) to: info@skiphop.com
