> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the areyouinterested.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230231932id_/http%3A//www.snap-interactive.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SNAP Interactive Inc. | Privacy Policy

### Privacy Policy Highlights

Snap Interactive, Inc. (“Snap”, “we”, “us”) provides services through its Snap and Are You Interested? (AYI) websites, mobile websites and mobile applications. These highlights of the Snap/AYI Privacy Policy are to help you understand how Snap collects, uses and discloses user information to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Snap website and AYI services accessed through the websites, applications and other devices linked to this Privacy Policy (“Services”). Please also read our full Privacy Policy

for details and defined terms. 

#### **Full Privacy Policy**

#### **Effective Date: 3/18/2015**

  
**PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE USING OUR SNAP WEBSITE OR ARE YOU INTERESTED? (“AYI”) WEBSITES, APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER AYI PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.**

Snap Interactive, Inc. (“Snap”, “we” “us”, “our”) has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on the Snap and AYI websites, mobile websites and mobile applications and related services and tools that link to this Privacy Policy, as well as when you interact with Snap or its Services by any method (Snap and AYI websites, applications and related services and tools accessed through any device or technology are collectively referred to as the “Services”). Any Snap owned services linked to other privacy policies are governed by that service’s privacy policy. Snap provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue to use the Services and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to the use of the Services. Each time that you access or use the Services, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. **If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use** **which govern your use of our Services, please discontinue accessing or using the Services.**

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Service found at [http://snap-interactive.com/terms-of-service/](http://www.snap-interactive.com/terms-of-service/ "Terms of Service") (“Terms”).

  
**I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**_Account and Profile Information You Provide to Us_** **.** We will collect personal information from you when you sign up for our Services, interact with our Services, create or update your account or profile, interact with other users, use various features of our Services, or to communicate directly with us. That information may include but is not limited to location, date of birth (or age), name, email address, interests, and photos. We may combine that information with other information collected from the devices you use to access our Services, such as your mobile device model, and system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device and other demographics.

When you create a profile, create an account or use certain Services (such as searching for members) or otherwise engage with our Services, you may provide certain additional information such as username and password. You may also provide payment information such as credit or debit card information, and name and billing address to purchase for example, a premium membership to AYI. We may also collect information about the website you visited before you came to our Services and the website you visited after you leave our Services, if this information is supplied by your browser.

**_Your Imported Profile From Social Networks_** **.** When using our Services and applicable third party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google +) (each and collectively, a “Social Network”), you may have the option to consent to connecting your profile or activity on our Services with your Social Network information and activity. If you choose to use our Social Network populating feature to create an account, we may import information for your account or profile on our Services from a Social Network. We only import from the information you allow to be imported from the Social Network access to which is controlled by your privacy settings on that Social Network (“Permitted Social Network Content”). The authentication of your Social Network login credentials is conducted solely by the Social Network. If you do use this feature we will initially create your profile by displaying your first name as the user name displayed to other users, gender, current city, interests, about me, photos, and age (which is calculated from your birthdate). With your permission, we may also combine that information with your public social media profile (which may include your friend list, birthday, work history, interests, current city, photos, personal description and likes). By associating your Social Network account with our Services and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store Permitted Social Network Content across all our Services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**_Surveys and Promotions_**. From time-to-time we may request information from you and other users via surveys, contests or sweepstakes.  Participation in these surveys, contests or sweepstakes is completely voluntary. Contact information may be used as set forth in this policy and as set forth in the official rules, to notify the winners and award prizes and file winners’ information as required by law. Survey information will be used for the purposes of the survey.

**_Information You Post_** **.** The Services are designed to enable you to communicate with others and any information or content you post when participating with the Services or Social Networks, plug ins or other applications becomes public information, depending upon your privacy settings, and is subject to redistribution by Snap and other third parties. There is no expectation of privacy when posting content or otherwise participating in such interactive forums and we have no control over how those users may use the information you make public. Therefore, you should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission or posting.

**_Mobile/Location Information_**. We may collect additional information from you if you access Services through a mobile device, for example your unique device identifier, device’s operating system, mobile carrier, location or with your permission GPS/geo-location, and billing information which we may collect when you opt in for us to do so. Please be advised some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. However the degree to which your location can be identified depends on the device you are using (e.g. laptop, smartphone, tablet) and how you are connected to the internet (e.g. via cable broadband connection, Wi-Fi, etc.). If you enable location services for our Services we may collect location data periodically as you use or leave open our Services. We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you. Depending on the platform you use to access our Services (e.g., Apple, iOS, Google, Android, Windows, etc.) you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Service(s) whether location data is collected.

**_Information About Others/Inviting Friends._** From time to time you may choose to submit personal information about other people to invite them to join a Service. Inviting friends is always optional. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on the Services, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.

**_Information From Other Sources_**. The information we collect may be combined with information from outside records (e.g., demographic information, navigation information, additional contact information) that we have acquired in accordance with the law.

  
**II. INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES**

Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we believe is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using the Services. We use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities on our Services.

**_Standard Internet Technology Data._** This technology includes web beacons and other similar small pieces of data, to track your use of our Services. The information collected may include your IP address, device ID, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us, and the referring website address. We also may include web beacons in advertisements or email messages to determine whether for example, messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the Services to deliver features in which you have the greatest interest and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities. We may use tracking technologies required for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality. We may also use tracking technologies to assess the performance of our advertising, including as part of our analytic practices to improve the content offered through the Services.

**_Cookie Data._**  When you visit our Services, we may assign your device one or more cookies (or small pieces of data that are placed on your device) to facilitate access to our Services and to personalize your online experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our Services, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visits, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our Services. In addition you may encounter tracking technologies and cookies from our third party service providers that we have allowed on our Services to provide us with information about your web viewing on other sites or applications. You may find out more information about these third parties and practices and your choices on how such data is collected by clicking here

**_Affiliate Advertising Tracking Tools_**. We may use third-party ad networks that use tracking technology to collect information about you when you access our Services to send you targeted AYI advertisements. They automatically receive your IP address or mobile device identifier when this happens. They may also use tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of AYI advertisements, to personalize advertising content, and to serve you AYI advertisements that are relevant to your regional location. We may also use information collected using third party cookies and beacons on our Services and in our emails to deliver advertising about our Services displayed to you on third party services. We and our third party vendors may also use the information collected to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Services. To learn about our advertising analytics providers’ currently available privacy policies and opt out options, please click here. Keep in mind that certain features of our Services are available only through the use of tracking technologies.

**_Interest-based Advertising_**. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of any ad servers or ad networks such as Google that we may allow to place interest-based advertising on our Services. However, you may opt-out of some third party vendors’ use of such cookies by visiting [about.ads.info](http://www.youradchoices.com/) which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads on our Services you may continue to receive advertising and promotional messages after you opt-out, but it will not be customized or personalized to you based on your use of our Services. If you would like more information about the use of tracking technologies and about your option not to accept cookies used to track your activities you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) website at [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). The NAI is a cooperative of online advertising companies who are committed to responsible, practices and consumer protection.

  
**III. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION**

**_Connecting with a Social Network_** **.** If you permit a connection between a Social Network and any of our Services that enable a connection with a Social Network, that Social Network may be able to identify you and to associate information received from the connection with information the Social Network already has about you. Please review the Social Network’s privacy policy and choices for sharing information of any Social Network connected to our Services. If you authorize a connection from our Services to a Social Network you permit us to share or publish information about your activity on our Services with that Social Network and its users, and to access Permitted Social Network Content. Information we may share with a Social Network may include, but is not limited to: technical information about your Services, activities and content, including videos, which you access on our Services. Information we may access about you, subject to your privacy settings on the Social Network, may include your basic Social Network information, your location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers, and certain of your activities on the Social Network.

**_Co-branded Areas._** Certain areas on our Services may be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-Branded Areas”). Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party. If you elect to interact with the products and/or services provided at these Co-Branded Areas, you either will be providing your personal information to both us and the third party or we might be providing your personal information directly to the third party in order for that third party to fulfill their products and services directly with you. Your personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third parties and we suggest you review the respective privacy policies of those third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.

**_Use of Information By Us_** **.** We may use information that we collect about you: (1) to respond to your requests (2) provide customer service (e.g., to fulfill product orders made by you, to resolve disputes or problems with your account/profile or our Services, administer a contest, sweepstakes or promotion, (3) to provide information to third parties at your request (4) to improve our Services and to customize your experience; (5) to give you information about your account or our Services; (56) for internal business purposes; (7) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or (8) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**_Analyze and Aggregate Information_**. We use aggregate information about our users and non-personal information to analyze the Services and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports which we share with third parties.

**_Communicate With You and Third Parties at Your Request_** **.** We use your information to contact you to maintain your account, to comply with your stated communication preferences and to provide other Services requested by you, as described at the time when we collect the information from you, or to contact you for other purposes authorized by law.

**_Mobile/Location Data_** **.** When you access the Services on a mobile device, we may use the information collected for any purpose set forth in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as locally based search results, and other personalized content.

**_Offers and Promotional Messages_** **.** We may also use your email address or mobile phone number to send you updates and communications about our products and Services or other messages, such as newsletters, text messages, when users check-in, changes to features of the Services, or special offers. You will be given the opportunity, in any promotional email or text message that we send to you to opt out of receiving such messages in the future.

**_Push Notifications_** **.** Our application Services include a function that allows us to use push notifications to send you updates, communications, and other messages about the Service. To opt out of getting these push notifications or other messages you must terminate the applicable Service. We do not send promotional messages about other products or services through these push notifications.

**_Third Party Offers._** We may use your interests and other profile or personal information to develop and display third party content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Services.

**_Other Snap Services._** Snap may register you with and display your profile on other online dating and other social websites owned by Snap.

**_Feedback On Members_**. Your feedback on other members of a Service is stored to match you with other members where there is mutual interest or otherwise to assess the activity level and popularity of members as they use the Services. Your feedback on members is not shared unless there is a mutual interest conveyed by both members, in which case the mutual interest is revealed to both members and then you are permitted to enter into a one on one conversation with that member.

**_Legal Matters; Safety_** **.** We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, which we encourage you to read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information in situations that we believe may involve potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat.

**_Sale or Transfer Of Business Or Assets_** **.** If Snap or an affiliated company is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personal information of our users may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, and support or funding.

**_Storage And Retention._** Personally identifiable information that you provide to us in the course of requesting a product or service through the Services may be gathered and stored in one or more of our corporate databases. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law.

**IV. ACCESSING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Members of a Service can review and edit their profile by accessing their accounts within the Service. Permitted Facebook Profile Content will not be imported to your profile without your prior consent and you can change what is in your profile on our Service at any time by going to Edit My Profile or similar tab on the applicable Service. You may add additional photos to supplement or replace the photos originally imported from Facebook. You may also edit your About Me description imported from Facebook. In order to change your friends or interests using the Service, you must first change them in Facebook. Through the Service, we will automatically update this information from the changes you make within your Facebook account. However, your name may not be changed after your profile is created. You may deactivate your profile at any time by logging on to your account and going to the setting section of the Service and clicking “delete profile.” You may reactivate your account by logging onto AYI. If you signed on to the AYI Service using Facebook you may deactivate your AYI account by going to <https://www.facebook.com/bookmarks/apps> and removing the AYI app. Upon deactivation your account information will be publicly removed from the Service. Facebook users can reactivate their accounts by clicking on the Facebook connect on the AYI website or through Facebook.

If, for any reason you are concerned that the personal information you provided to us is not correct and you cannot change it by accessing your account contact us at [privacy@snap-interactive.com](mailto:privacy@snap-interactive.com). You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate.

We may retain some information from your account so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Service, or take other actions permitted by law. Likewise if your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration.

  
**V. CHOICE AND OPT OUT**

**_Changing Privacy Settings_**. To change your privacy settings or make other choices about the information received and shared with other members, go to Settings in the Service. Be aware that information that you disclose in posts while participating in the Services is publicly available and subject to redistribution by us and any third party. Snap is not responsible for the uses or copies of your profile or postings on or through Service.

**_Administrative Messages_** **.** You may not opt-out of administrative e-mails (for example e-mails about your transactions or policy changes) for your account.

**_Opting out of Cookies_**. You may be able to opt-out of cookies that may be set by our third party service providers. For information, please click here. Although you may not opt out of receiving online advertisements generally, and most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our Services.

For data collection practices via cookies placed by third party advertisers on ads that appear on our Services (and for which we are not responsible), please click on the Adchoices icon in the ad, if available or go to <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies ([www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)). Or to opt out of interest-based ads on mobile devices click on the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting on your iOS device or in “Settings” on your Android device click on “Opt out of Interest Based Ads.”

**_Browser Do Not Track Signals_**. Some third party browsers provide “do not track” machine readable signals for websites and online services which are automatically applied by default and therefore do not necessarily reflect our users’ choice as to whether they wish to receive advertisements tailored to their interests. As such, we do not currently respond to these signals. Your mobile web browser may provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting which will notify those ad servers and networks who recognize the signals to refrain from sending you interest based ads.

**_Opting Out Of Promotional Messages._** You may choose not to receive our promotional communications by logging into your account and clicking the “Preferences” tabs. You may also click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any e-mail or newsletter. You may also e-mail us at [privacy@snap-interactive.com](mailto:privacy@snap-interactive.com). It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. Just follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each email or click “STOP” on a mobile text. You may also contact our privacy administrator at [privacy@snap-interactive.com](mailto:privacy@snap-interactive.com).

**_Deactivation Of Your User Content/Account_**. You may deactivate your account by logging into your account and clicking the “Profile” and “Account Settings” tab. If you signed on to the AYI Service using Facebook you may also deactivate your AYI account by going to <https://www.facebook.com/bookmarks/apps> and removing the AYI app You may also e-mail us your request at [privacy@snap-interactive.com](mailto:privacy@snap-interactive.com). When you request that your account be deactivated, your content including profile and history will no longer be available to you or visible to users from the Service (unless you registered by using your email address and subsequently log back in to your account). If any of your content, including your personal information, was previously accessed by others using the Service, we are unable to delete the information from their systems. When you deactivate your account or ask that we delete your content on a Service we will retain logs and information about you along with an archival copy of your information, which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Service but which might be used by us to respond to your request to reactivate your account, for recordkeeping and internal purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service and demographic, reporting and research purposes.

**_Timing And Third Parties_**. We will endeavor to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably possible but please note that changes requested of us may not be effective immediately. Unless required by law, we are not responsible for informing third parties with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.

You may also send us such requests to the following address:  
Snap Interactive, Inc.  
c/o Customer Service  
320 W. 37th Street  
13th floor  
New, York, NY 10018

**VI. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES**

**_Permission To Contact You_**. When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for our Services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you future information about our Services using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving, in accordance with law.

**_Links To Other Sites_** **.** To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party sites or applications, you should be aware that these external or third party sites are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of those third party sites or applications to determine how your personal information will be utilized by the proprietors.

**_Security_** **.** We implement security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control, including “Secure Socket Layers” or SSL to protect your data. SSL is encryption technology that helps safeguard your personally identifiable information against misuse by unauthorized individuals. However, despite our efforts, no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personal information, and your use of the Services indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

**_Jurisdiction And Cross-Border Issues_**. We do not represent or warrant that our Services are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Services do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit access to our Services, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. By using our Services and submitting any personal information, you consent to the transfer of personal information to other countries, such as the United States, which may provide a level of data security different from your country of residence. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Services.

**_Children’s Privacy_** **.** The Services are directed to a general audience and we restrict the use of our Services to individuals age 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18 years of age and if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 18 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s personal information from our systems. If you become aware that anyone under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” in Section 7 below.

**_No Rights Of Third Parties_** **.** This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the Services.  
  
**_Changes To the Privacy Policy_** **.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on the Services. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Services, with the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. You should check the Services frequently for updates. By accessing the Services after the Effective Date you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy.

**_Your California Privacy Rights_** **.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. To make such a request, please contact us at [privacy@snap-interactive.com](mailto:privacy@snap-interactive.com). For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.

  
**VII.  CONTACTING US**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of Snap, please contact us at [privacy@snap-interactive.com](mailto:privacy@snap-interactive.com) or write to us at:

Snap Interactive, Inc.  
c/o Customer Service  
320 W. 37th Street  
13th floor  
New, York, NY 10018

**Copyright © 2015 Snap Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved.** ** **  


**THIRD PARTIES PROVIDERS OF ANALYTICS TOOLS**

This is a list of third parties we have hired to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of users of the Services.

Google                <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

Google Analytics Opt-out  <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>

Crittercism:  [https://www.crittercism.com/privacy-policy/  ](https://www.crittercism.com/privacy-policy/%C2%A0%C2%A0)

Apsalar:       [https://apsalar.com/privacy-policy/](https://apsalar.com/privacy-policy/)
