> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reeceandnichols.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160606103144id_/http%3A//www.reecenichols.com/pages/home-match-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Home Match Privacy Policy

  * At ReeceNichols Realtors, we recognize that you expect privacy and security when it comes to information that personally identifies you and allows you to be individually contacted ("Personal Information"). ReeceNichols Realtors has adopted the following privacy policy because we understand the need to safeguard the information you may be providing to us at our web site.
  * We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times. 
  * ReeceNichols Realtors and its affiliates and partners offer a variety of programs and services to you. We collect and retain information about you only when we believe it will help us provide you with the services and products associated with your real estate inquiries and transactions.
  * When you sign up for Home Match, we may use that information to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our web site, new ReeceNichols Realtors products or services, the products and services of our affiliates and partners, and special offers we think you'll find valuable.  We do not sell your personal information to anyone. 
  * Should the agent assisting you with your Home Match account leave ReeceNichols Realtors for any reason, your account and information will be transferred to another ReeceNichols Realtors agent that will be able to assist you moving forward.
  * At any time, you may request that the ReeceNichols Realtors agent or any representative of our affiliates or partners assisting you, discontinue their communication with you.  If communications persist after you have made known that you wish to no longer receive communication, please feel free to contact ReeceNichols directly at 913.945.3704 or [Webmaster@ReeceAndNichols.com](mailto:Webmaster@ReeceAndNichols.com), and we would be happy to speak to the agent or representative.
  * When you provide us with Personal Information, you are consenting  to the collection and use of this information by ReeceNichols Realtors, its affiliates and partners which may provide services valuable to complete your transaction. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.


