> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the halldata.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140406165011id_/http%3A//halldata.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Hallmark Data Systems

**Acceptable Email Usage Policy**. Hallmark Data Systems maintains an acceptable email use policy (AUP) with all customers broadcasting email through Hallmark’s system. For further details, please refer to the [AUP](http://halldata.com/aup/ "AUP"), for a description of Hallmark’s email policy.

**Collection of Information.** We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. This information is only used to fulfill a specific request by the visitor. We provide some of our product and service offerings through contractual arrangements made with publishers of print and digital media, service providers and other third parties (“Service Partners”). We and our Service Partners may need to use some personal information in order to perform tasks between our respective sites, or to deliver products or services to you. We encourage our Service Partners to adopt and promote strong privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by our Service Partners is governed by the respective privacy policies of those providers and is not subject to our control. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other sites accessible through this site, including our advertising and Service Partners, have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

**Cookie/Tracking Technology.** Our site may use cookies and other tracking technology depending on the features offered. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website. Cookies and other tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology. We do not link the information collected through cookies or other devices to personal information that users submit online while participating in our activities. Users can set their browsers or third party software to reject cookies, but the user may be unable to use portions of our website as a result.

**Distribution of Information**. Hallmark Data Systems does not directly share information with any third parties or agencies; however we may have the need to share personally identifiable information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.

**Commitment to Data Security**.Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. All access to information for publications is secured to a userid/password authentication schema for our customers. Access to the brand specific data is controlled by the customer and implemented through the standard application level security and services enablement system (manage users access). Hallmark Data Systems routinely monitors access levels, as well as questionable and unauthorized access to personal information systems. Customer data is stored on secured systems.

**Credit card Data Security**. When processing certain information, such as payment information with affiliated banking institutions or payment processors, we encrypt the transaction using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology in order to prevent your personal information from being stolen or intercepted.  Additionally, your credit card information is encrypted and stored on a restricted-access database that is away from our main site and only accessible by authorized users.

**Collection and Use of Information from Children: Information for Parents**. Our site is not directed toward children and is not designed to collect personal information from children. You must be at least 18 years old to have permission to use this website. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about minor visitors.

**How to Correct Information** : We want to assure you that you have access to your personal information that we collect and store. You may correct or amend information, or delete information that is inaccurate, or prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected. To do so, please contact us by written request or e-mail at the contact information stated below.

**Effective Date**. This policy was last updated on July 15, 2013.

**Privacy Contact Information**. If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:  
Security Officer  
7300 N. Linder Ave.  
Skokie, IL 60077-3217  
Tel (847) 983-2000 Fax (847) 763-9593  
Email: [contact@halldata.com](mailto:contact@halldata.com)
