> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the halloweenhorrornights.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040602204914id_/http%3A//themeparks.universalstudios.com/orlando/website/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Universal Orlando - Privacy Policy

### Universal Studios Online Privacy Policy

Universal Studios respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Internet Sites ("Sites"), and has created this privacy statement to explain what information we gather from your visit to our Sites, and how such information may be used.

**Use of Information:** As a general policy no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, is automatically collected from your visit to Universal Studios Sites. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of Universal Studios' Internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience.

Our Sites' various registration forms and surveys may request that you give us contact information (such as your name, mailing and/or e-mail address) demographic information (such as your age and gender) and profile data (such as your preferences in entertainment). Information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by Universal Studios and its subsidiaries, and may be shared with our promotional partners. Personally identifiable information is never sold or leased to any third parties. With your permission, we may use your contact information to send you information about our companies and what we're doing. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Choice/Opt-out section below.

Our Sites use various order forms for you to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (such as your name, mailing and/or e-mail address), and when appropriate, financial information (your credit card number) to process your request or purchase. Contact information from an order form is used to fulfill orders, and to provide information about our company to you if requested. The contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary regarding your order. Financial information that is collected is used to process your request for products and services, and will not be shared with third parties who are not involved with the transaction. When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. For additional information regarding the use and safety of credit card transactions over the Internet, please visit the "Help" section of the Universal Studios Shopping Experience, our online store, at [http://store.universalstudios.com](http://store.universalstudios.com/).

Universal may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with Universal's rights or property, other Universal web site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.

To the extent that any of our Sites accessible through the URL [www.universalstudios.com](http://www.universalstudios.com/) have additional or different practices or policies, these practices will be explained at that Site.

**Security:** Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Universal cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.

**For Parents Concerning Privacy:** Universal Studios complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. This means that on Universal Sites specifically directed to children under the age of 13 which collect personal information ("Children's Sites"), Universal takes the following steps to ensure that parents are aware of and approve the information which is collected. Each Children's Site has a clear and prominent link to this privacy policy. Each Children's Site has the name and contact information of the Universal division which is collecting the information. On all Children's Sites, parents will be informed of the kind of information that is collected (i.e. name, address, email, hobbies), how such information is collected (such as directly from filling out a form, or via cookies if tied to individually identifiable information), and how the information will be used. Universal will also post at the Site whether the information is disclosed to third parties, whether the information will be kept confidential by such third party, and that the parent may refuse to allow Universal to share the information with third parties. Universal Studios is committed to collecting only information that is necessary for children to participate in the particular activity where such information is requested. Information collected from children will never be shared with third parties without verifiable parental consent.

In addition, if the Site presents the opportunity for children under 13 to register for a particular activity such as a contest, or to receive ongoing communications from Universal, the child is required to provide the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian and that parent or guardian receives an e-mail containing the information set forth in this privacy policy, and alerting them to that registration. Depending on the type of information requested and the nature of the activity for which the child is registering, Universal may require that parents e-mail and/or fax their permission for their child to register. Parents may consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information without consenting to disclosure of such information to third parties. Parents may review their child's personal information, have their child's personal information deleted at any time, and refuse to permit further collection or use of their child's information by following the directions posted at the Site, or [contacting us via e-mail](http://www.universalstudios.com/homepage/html/contact_us/contact_form.cgi?email_id=38).

Although children under 13 years of age may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions, if such an entrant wins, notification and prizes are sent to the parent or guardian identified in the initial registration process. Publication of names, ages, or images for contest winners under 13 require parental or guardian consent.

**Use of Cookies:** Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using our Sites easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. As an example, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart when you visit our online store, and help identify you when you return to the Store. These cookies are restricted for use only on our Sites, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies; however, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. (Note: you will need to consult the help area of your browser application for instructions.) If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of Universal's web sites will not function properly or may be considerably slower. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set personalized preferences or you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions, entering contests, or playing games.

**Use of IP Addresses:** An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet provider whenever you're surfing the Web. When you requests pages from Universal Sites, our servers log your IP address. Universal collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our Site. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that your session will be logged, but you are anonymous to us. We may use your IP addresses in cooperation with your Internet provider to identify you if we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or to protect our service, Sites, customers, or others.

**Links to Other Sites:** Universal Studios is not responsible for the content or practices of third party websites that may be linked to our Sites. Our Sites may also be linked to websites operated by other companies. Visitors to these web sites should refer to each web site's respective privacy policies and practices.

**Bulletin Boards and Chat Areas:** Guests of Universal Studios Sites are solely responsible for the content of messages they post on public forums, such as chat rooms and bulletin boards. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone number) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people.

**Choice/Opt-Out:** Our Sites may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us at the point where we request information about you. You always have the option of removing your name from any e-mail list to not receive future communications. In order to ensure immediate removal from any list, it is best to follow the specific instructions outlined within the communications you receive from us since Universal Studios operates numerous sites tailored to specific interests. However, if you are unable to complete the process indicated in the communications, then just [send us an e-mail](http://www.universalstudios.com/homepage/html/contact_us/contact_form.cgi?email_id=38) with a copy of the undesired email attached to the request and state you wish to be removed from the mailing list.

**Contact Us:** If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our Sites, or your dealings with our Sites, you can contact: 

> Universal Studios Online Feedback 10 Universal City Plaza, Suite 3200 Universal City, CA 91608 [E-mail us](http://www.universalstudios.com/homepage/html/contact_us/contact_form.cgi?email_id=38)

Information provided by you via general e-mail inquiries to Universal such as your e-mail address is used only to respond to your inquiries in the ordinary course of business, and is never shared with third parties.

To view educational material on consumer privacy, please see <http://www.ftc.gov/> .

**Your Acceptance of These Terms:** By using Universal's Sites, you signify your acceptance of the Universal Studios Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites. Universal Studios reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time, so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of the Universal Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

Last updated May 19, 2000
