> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the halldis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150407082706id_/http%3A//www.halldis.com/content/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Agreement - Halldis

This document describes how our website, Halldis.com, handles the personal data of its users. The handling of personal data is always based on the principles of lawfulness and correctness, in compliance with applicable laws. The present privacy policy is disclosed pursuant to article 13 of the Legislative Decree number 196 of 30th June 2003 (the Italian Data Protection Act) and is aimed at the protection of the personal data of whoever may come into contact with the online services of the website [ www.halldis.com](http://www.halldis.com/) and associated domains. The policy regards exclusively the Halldis website and does not apply to other websites that may be accessed via links featured on the Halldis website. 

**Who is responsible for data handling?**  
Through the use of this website, identified or identifiable persons may be subject to the data processing described in this privacy policy. Our company Windows on Europe S.p.A.,with legal seat in Piazza 4 Novembre no. 7, Milan, is the party considered “owner” of such data handling process under the Italian Data Protection act.

**Handling of personal data**  
In accordance with the Italian Data Protection Act, we hereby advise that personal data supplied upon registration, or otherwise acquired in the course of our activities, may be electronically processed for purposes related to our supply of services. By handling of personal data we mean its collection, registration, sorting, storage, processing, modification, selection, extraction, comparison, use, diffusion, deletion, distribution, cross-referencing as well as any other operation that may be necessary for our supply of services, including the combination of any two or more such operations. 

If you accept our privacy policy, then the personal information that you submit by completing the forms online will be used exclusively for the supply of our services, for statistical purposes and for the mailing of communications pertaining to the services currently offered by Halldis or by any other companies of the Windows on Europe group. 

**Net browsing data**  
The information systems and software procedures that govern the functioning of the website acquire, in the course of their operations, some personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols.  
Such information is not collected with the intention of matching it to the interested parties, although by its very nature, and through the processing and linking of data held by third parties, it might enable the identification of users. This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by visitors to the website, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of requested resources, the time of the request made, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of files received by way of response, the numerical code which indicates the status of the response given by the server (successful, error, etc.) as well as other parameters associated with the operating system and the IT environment of the user.  
This data is used with the sole aim of extracting anonymous, statistical information regarding the use of the website and to ensure that the latter is operating correctly. The data is eliminated immediately after being analyzed. Should the website be subject to cyber crime, such data could be used for investigation purposes and might enable the identification of the responsible party.

**Data voluntarily supplied by the user**  
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of emails to addresses indicated on this website will lead to the acquisition of the e-mail address of the sender as well as any other personal information needed in order to respond to the sender’s request and/or supply requested services. In addition, the website will acquire other personal information included in the correspondence (and attached documents) or in the relevant forms. The e-mails received are archived indefinitely in a server and protected by appropriate security measures. Interested parties can fully exercise their rights under Article 7 of the Legislative Decree 196/2003. In particular they can obtain information with regards to their personal data present in the archive and request its cancellation (for further information see “Rights of interested parties”).   
When replying to enquiries and/or supplying services requested the data supplied will be handled using informational and network procedures. The supply of personal data is always voluntary. Failure to provide such data will lead only to the inability of Halldis to satisfy any given request. We may disclose the data of users to one or more qualified subjects who have the right to access such information as sanctioned by legal provisions, regulations and/or EU directives regarding data handling. In addition, personal data of users may be communicated to third parties if considered strictly necessary in order for such parties to execute activities connected to the relationship between such users and our company. 

**Objection to the use of personal data for advertising purposes: opt-out**  
Windows On Europe SpA may use your e-mail or postal address, as supplied, to send you advertising or direct sales materials or communications related to market research or commercial activities. Any promotional mailing will be exclusively related to goods and services similar to those forming the object of our contractual relationship.  
We remind you that, each time you supply your personal information to us and receive each communication as previously mentioned, you can express your wish to opt-out of this service simply by contacting our person responsible for data handling, by e-mail to [privacy@halldis.com](mailto:privacy@halldis.com) by post to the address of our legal seat, or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” links at the bottom of each electronic communication that we send. You will receive immediate confirmation of the outcome of your request. 

**Cookies**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service supplied by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files that are left on your computer in order to allow the website to analyse how users interact with it. The information generated by cookies on your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to, and left on, Google’s servers in the USA. Google will use this information to track and analyse your use of the website, to fill out reports about the website’s activities for the website operators and to supply other services related to the activities of the website and Internet use. Google may also transmit this information to third parties where legally obliged to do so, or to the extent to which third parties are entitled to process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not match your IP address to any other personal information in its possession. You can prevent cookies from being installed on your browser by using the appropriate setting, but that could prevent you from being able to use all the functions of this website. By using this website, you are consenting to the handling of your personal data by Google for the purposes mentioned above. 

**Data processing location and scope of communication or dissemination**  
The data related to the online services of this website is handled by an external provider, to the extent that it is strictly necessary to perform the hosting services, and at our headquarters only by our technical staff in charge of data processing, or by any third parties engaged to perform occasional maintenance activities. Your personal data could be transmitted to holding companies, subsidiaries or affiliates under Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code, or to joint venture companies, for administrative or accounting purposes as defined by Article 34, comma 1-ter of the Legislative Decree 196/2003, or for purposes connected to organisational, administrative, financial and accounting activities, regardless of the nature of the data handled. Personal data voluntarily supplied by users via e-mail or through the compilation of forms will be used only to provide the requested service and will be transmitted to third parties only when considered absolutely necessary. 

**Rights of the interested parties**  
The parties affected by data collection have the right, at any time, to obtain confirmation of the existence of such data and to be informed of its content and origin, to verify its accuracy or to request its integration, updating or rectification in accordance with Article 7 of the Italian Data Protection Act.  
Interested parties have the right to request the deletion of their personal information, its conversion into anonymous data, as well as to object in any case, for legitimate reasons, to its processing.  
The interested party has the right to obtain any information in addition to this Privacy Policy, as well as up-to-date contact details of the individuals responsible for privacy compliance.  
If you wish to have any personal data corrected or deleted, please contact:

Windows on Europe SpA  
Marketing Department  
Piazza 4 Novembre, 7 - 20124 MILAN  
Tel. +39 0247952200

Or to: [privacy@halldis.com](mailto:privacy@halldis.com)

In order to comply with changes in legislation, Windows on Europe Spa may, from time to time, review and update this privacy policy and inform users by posting a new version on this website.
