> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ispace1.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171208014754id_/http%3A//www.ispace1.com/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ispace1

Last Updated: December 16, 2012 

Note: In this document “The Website” refers to “ispace1.com”. 

INTRODUCTION: 

“The Website” respects the privacy of its users and hence has designed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its firm commitment to protecting the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy explains the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and in full when using our website or services or transacting business with us. By using our website, you fully accept the practices explained in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how you can contact us. 

The primary objective of “The Website” is to connect global users and organizations to enable them to achieve their social and professional networking goals. We work relentlessly to fulfill this objective by helping you, your connections, and millions of other users connect, share, learn, work, exchange ideas, make deals, find opportunities, help others, and make a well-informed decisions in a secured and trusted environment. Being part of “The Website” means sharing information about you with other Users, communicating with them, and sharing information with them. By default, your account is set up to share the information that we have found to be most useful by a majority of our Users. However, the amount and type of information you decide to enter, share, and with whom you share it, is entirely up to you. 

1\. INFORMATION COLLECTED 

The primary objective of “The Website” is to connect people and organization so that they can share information and other things with each other to achieve their personal, professional, and social goals. To achieve this objective, “The Website” makes features and functionality available through our website, including our mobile and other applications, developer platform, premium services, and other information provided as part of the “The Website” services (“Services”) to enable users to develop, maintain and enhance a network of contacts, create, share, and distribute information in collaboration with one another. By joining “The Website”, you voluntarily and willingly provide “The Website” certain information, including personally identifiable information, which we collect in order to provide the Services. If you have any hesitation about providing information to us and/or having your information displayed on the “The Website” website or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you should not become a member of the “The Website” community; and, if you are already a member, you should close your account. 

We collect your personal information in the following ways: 

1.1. REGISTRATION OF ACCOUNT 

If you wish to become a User, you must provide us the following information to create an account: name, email address, location, username, and password. Without this minimal amount of information, you cannot create an account on “The Website”. Like other passwords, you should choose one that is not disclosed to anyone else except you. “The Website” may request other information from you during the registration process, such as city, state, etc., that “The Website” uses to provide better, more customized services such as status updates, better ads, and more valuable opportunities. You acknowledge that this information is personal to you, and by creating an account on “The Website”, you allow others, including “The Website”, to identify you and to allow “The Website” to use your information in accordance with our User Agreement. 

1.2. PROFILE INFORMATION 

Once you become a User, you may provide additional information to your profile describing your personal, educational background, professional experiences, interests, contact information, etc. Providing additional information about yourself other than what is required at registration is entirely at your discretion, however, providing additional information will enable you to get more benefit from “The Website” and your network by helping you build your identity and leverage your network and facilitating your other networking goals. Any information you provide at registration or in the profile section may be used by “The Website” as described in the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy, including for the purpose of allowing networking opportunities, or for serving more relevant advertisements on “The Website”. If you decide not to share certain information, you may not receive the full benefit of being a “The Website” User. 

(i) Information about you. We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). We also request information about your interests and activities, your gender and age, and other demographic information such as your hometown or your username.   
(ii) Information about others. We may collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us, such as their name, address and email address. If you use our website to send others (friends, relatives, colleagues, associate, partners etc.) a service as a gift, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of each such recipient in order to process those requests or facilitate future activities.   
(iii) In General. We may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ("personal information") and other information that does not identify you. When you provide personal information through our website, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and/or other countries around the world.   
(iv) We provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others or upload content such as photographs. Such postings are governed by our User Agreement. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. 

1.3. CONTACTS INFORMATION 

If you wish to connect with other users on “The Website”, you may use the Services to send invitations either to their “The Website” profiles or email addresses of people or entities you know if they have not registered with “The Website”. All such names and email addresses you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow “The Website” to help expand your network. Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another User, that User will not have access to your email address because it is not displayed in the invitation. Your “The Website” connections will also not have access to your email address. You should not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you. 

1.4. CUSTOMER SERVICE 

We collect information when you interact with “The Website’s” customer service, via phone or email, in order to accurately categorize and respond to customer inquiries and investigate the matter or breaches of our terms. 

1.5. USING THE WEBSITE INTERFACE AND MOBILE APPLICATIONS 

We receive information when you interact with and use the website interface or Mobile Applications. For instance, we know when you click on ads, share profiles or articles, etc. 

1.6. VISITING THIRD PARTY SITES AND USING THIRD PARTY SERVICES 

We receive information when you use your “The Website” account to log in or authenticate to a third-party website or application. Also, if you are logged into “The Website” and visit a third party site, “The Website” will receive information that those pages have loaded in your web browser. “The Website” will use this information to personalize the “The Website”-provided functionality, including allowing you to share information with your network, enabling you to use “The Website” functionality off the “The Website” site and serving you more relevant advertising. There are a number of places on our website where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement on our website, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the "privacy policy" link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting. 

1.7. LOG FILES, IP ADDRESSES, AND INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR COMPUTER AND MOBILE DEVICE 

Because of the communications standards on the internet, when you visit the “The Website” we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave “The Website”. Additionally, advertisers receive the URL of the page you were on when you click on an ad on “The Website”. “The Website” also receives the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, your mobile device (including your UDID) and mobile operating system (if you are accessing “The Website” using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. “The Website” may also receive location data passed to it from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have enabled. The link between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties without your permission, except under “Compliance with Legal Process”. 

1.8. RIGHTS TO ACCESS, EDIT, CORRECT AND REMOVE INFORMATION 

You have full rights to access, modify, correct, or remove the data you supplied to “The Website”. If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information that you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented in this policy; also keep in mind that information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible even if you remove that information. 

1.9. DATA RETENTION 

“The Website” will retain your information for so long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to close your account, you may do so by going to Account Settings. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce this Agreement. 

2\. USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 

In General, we may use information that we collect about you to: deliver the products and services that you have requested; manage your account and provide you with customer support; perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others; communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties; develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other sites; verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes; enforce or exercise any rights in our terms and conditions; manage our business; provide advertisements to you when you visit other sites; perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases made on our website, enroll you in the discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business. 

2.1. CONSENT TO “THE WEBSITE” PROCESSING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU 

The information you provide to “The Website” may reveal, or allow others to identify, your nationality, ethnic origin, gender, age, educational or professional background, and other various other aspects of your life. By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your User account or adding any additional details to your “The Website” profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and “The Website’s” User Agreement that allow “The Website” to process information about you. Supplying information to “The Website”, including any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law, is entirely voluntary on your part. You have the right to withdraw your consent to “The Website’s” collection and processing of your information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, by closing your account, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive. 

2.2. “THE WEBSITE” COMMUNICATIONS 

As described in the User Agreement, we will communicate with you through email, notices posted on the “The Website” website, messages to your “The Website” inbox, or through other means available through the service, including mobile text messages. We may send you a series of emails that help inform new Users about the features of the Services, and we will also send you service messages relating to the functioning of the Services. We may also send you messages with promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners. Please be aware that as long as you are an active member of “The Website”, you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from “The Website” and also some promotional messages. Also, if we send communications to you via the carrier service with which you have a mobile communications subscription or otherwise have access, you understand that you will pay any service fees associated with your receipt of messages on your mobile device (including text messaging charges). 

2.3. USER COMMUNICATIONS 

Many communications you initiate through “The Website”, will list your name in the header of the message. Messages you initiate may also provide aggregate information about your network. Other communications that you initiate through the website will list your name as the initiator but will not include your personal email address or other contact information. Your contact information will also not be shared with another User even if both of you have indicated that you would like to establish contact with each other. 

2.4. CUSTOMIZED CONTENT 

We use information you provide to us to customize your experience on our website. For instance, when you login to your account, we may display profiles of others Users who match your criterion, or have recently joined the site, or recent status updates from your connections and other Users. 

2.5. SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES 

“The Website” takes the privacy of our Users very seriously, and we do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as described in this policy. We will also not share other personal information not published to your profile or generated through engagement with other “The Website” services without your explicit consent or to carry out your instructions unless, disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinion to: (1) comply with legal process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (2) enforce this Agreement; (3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, whether or not the third party is a User, individual, or government agency; (4) respond to customer service inquiries; or (5) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of “The Website”, our Users or the public. “The Website” offers a “public profile” feature that allows Users to publish their “The Website” profile to the public internet. This public profile will be crawled by and displayed through search engines when someone searches for your name. Content distributed through “The Website’s” sharing features and third party integrations may result in displaying some of your information outside of “The Website”. For example, when you make a Posting or Comment, your content, including your name as the contributor, may be displayed in search engine results. We may provide aggregated anonymous data about the usage of the Services to third parties for purposes that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be appropriate, including to prospective advertisers on “The Website”. 

We may share non-personal information we collect and share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our website and on websites of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated, non-personal information, or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes. 

Service providers: We may share your personal information, which may include your name and contact information (including email address) with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, member screenings, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our website. We may also share your name, contact information and credit card information with our authorized service providers who process credit card payments. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. 

Business partners: When you register or make purchases on our website or click-through our advertisements offered on third party websites, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you the applicable products, services or any advertisements. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant. 

2.6. OTHER SITUATIONS TO SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

There may be other situations when we may share your personal information when there is a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. 

2.7. DEVELOPERS USING “THE WEBSITE” PLATFORM SERVICES 

We collaborate with and allow third parties to use “The Website’s” developer platform to offer services and functionality in combination with and outside of “The Website”. These third parties may be our partners with whom we have negotiated an agreement to provide services. If you choose to use these Services, you may be asked to confirm acceptance of the privacy policy and/or user agreement of the “The Website” Partner or Platform Developer, which have not necessarily been reviewed or approved by “The Website”. It is your choice whether or not to make use of Platform Applications and whether to proceed under any third party terms, and once you do, the third party's terms, and not this policy, will govern how they handle information you provide to them directly or through your “The Website” account. Also, despite our agreements and technical steps taken to restrict access to and avoid possible misuse of information, we may not screen or audit all Platform Applications. We also cannot guarantee that any “The Website” Partner or Platform Developer will abide by our agreement. You agree that your use of Platform Applications is on an “as is” basis and without any warranty. If you use any Platform Application, the “The Website” Partner or Platform Developer may access and share certain information about you, such as non-public profile information and information visible only to your connections. This includes information about your connections by virtue of you being connected to others. However, unless you have used a Platform Application, it can only access the information about you that is otherwise visible to other “The Website” Users. 

2.8. POLLS AND SURVEYS 

Polls and Surveys may be conducted by “The Website”, “The Website” Users, or third parties. As a User, you may be invited to participate in polls and surveys from our website. Your selection may be random, or it may be based on your non-personally identifiable information, such as geography, or other demographics. Whether or not you decide to participate in a poll or survey is completely up to you. After you complete a poll, you will be given access to the aggregate responses of the poll on a results page. Some third parties may target advertisements to you on the results page based on your answers in the poll. Further, “The Website” or third parties may follow up with you via email regarding your participation. We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls. If the delivery of incentives requires your contact information, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information to the third party fulfilling the incentive offer, which will only be used for the purpose of delivering incentives and/or verifying your contact information. It is up to you whether you provide this information, or whether you desire to take advantage of an incentive. We will not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third parties in connection with the conduct of any polls or surveys. Your consent to use any personally identifiable information for the purposes set forth in the poll or survey will be explicitly requested by the party conducting it. 

2.9. SEARCH SERVICE 

We offer search services to help find information and learn more about other Users. “The Website” search also allows Users to find personal and business profiles to help Users more effectively use “The Website” and expand their network. 

2.10. POSTINGS 

If you make a Posting on “The Website”, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to provide there can be read, collected, or used by other Users and other third parties, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. “The Website” is not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these forums. Also, all content in “The Website” Postings is public and searchable on the internet. You can edit or delete your posts at any time. However, please note that ideas you post and information you share may be seen and used by other Users, and “The Website” cannot guarantee that other Users have not made copies of or use the ideas and information that you share with others on “The Website”. 

2.11. TESTIMONIALS AND ADVERTISEMENTS PLACED THROUGH “THE WEBSITE” ADS SERVICE 

If you provide any testimonials about the “The Website” Services or place advertisements through the “The Website” ads, we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with our promotion of these services to third parties. Testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided. 

2.12. ADVERTISING AND ENDORSEMENTS 

In order to deliver relevant and valuable ads to you, “The Website” may use your name and profile photo in connection with social advertising based on content shared on “The Website”. This advertising may include the fact that you have recommended or endorsed a product or service on “The Website”, followed a company, made Postings, or conversations, established or added content to your profile, etc. 

2.13. COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL PROCESS 

Under certain conditions, it is possible that we may need to, or be required to, disclose personal information, profile information, other information, and/or information about your activities as a “The Website” User when required by subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency, to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law, or if “The Website” has a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (a) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (b) to enforce the User Agreement, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of “The Website”, our Users, employees, or others. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. When we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate and required in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies. 

3\. YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES 

3.1. LIMITATION OF FEATURES 

You have the right to choose not to provide us with certain information, however, that may result in you being unable to use certain features or parts of our website because such information may be required as a prerequisite in order for you to register as a member; purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our website. 

3.2. PROMOTIONAL EMAILS AND INTERNAL MESSAGES 

When you register on our website, you will consent automatically to receive email messages or internal messages from us, or other Users, or other third parties, about special offers. You may or may not be able to modify this consent later as long as you are a member of our site. You may be given the opportunity, in any commercial email that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to one week for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of transactional and relationship email communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Please note that changing information in your account, or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party (such as a service provider) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party. 

3.3. ACCESSING AND CHANGING YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION 

You can review the personal information you provided to us and make any desired changes to the information you publish, or to the settings for your “The Website” account including your email and contact preferences, at any time by logging in to your account on the website. Please be aware that even after your request for a change is processed, “The Website” may, for a time, retain residual information about you in its backup and/or archival copies of its database. 

3.4. DEFAULT SETTINGS 

Since the mission of “The Website” is to connect the people and organizations from all over the world, we have established what we believe to be reasonable default settings that we have found most users prefer. We encourage our Users to review their account settings and adjust them in accordance with their preferences. 

3.5. CLOSING YOUR ACCOUNT 

If you have an online account with us, you also may close your account at any time by visiting the "Account Settings" page for your account. You can also close your account through the “The Website” customer service. If you close your “The Website” account, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our publicly viewable database. If you close your account, we have no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your account information without liability. If you close your account, we may retain certain data contributed by you if “The Website” believes it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. For instance, just as an email you may send to another person through an email service provider resides in that person’s inbox even after you delete it from your sent files or close your account, emails you send on “The Website” to other Users, as well as your contributions to “The Website” Postings or Comments, may remain visible to others after you have closed your account. Similarly, other information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible. “The Website” disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms herein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information. “The Website” does not control when search engines update their cache, which may contain certain public profile information that has since been removed from “The Website’s” publicly viewable database. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies. After you close your account, you will not be able to sign in to our website or access any of your personal information. However, you can open a new, separate account at any time. There will be no way to re-activate your previous account. 

3.6. MEMORIALIZING ACCOUNTS 

If we come to know that a User is deceased, we may memorialize the User’s account. In these cases we may restrict profile access, remove messaging functionality, and close an account if we receive a formal request from the User’s next of kin or other proper legal request to do so. 

4\. YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

4.1. YOUR OBLIGATIONS 

As a User, you have certain obligations and responsibilities towards other Users. Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations, and others have become standard practice in user-friendly communities of like-minded members such as “The Website”. 

4.2. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES 

You must, at all times, and in its entirety, abide by the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and User Agreement. This includes respecting and following all intellectual property rights that may belong to third parties (such as trademarks or photographs). You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information that may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic, or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of “The Website” and its community of Users. You must not provide to “The Website” and/or other Users information that you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your personal, professional, or social status. You must keep your username and password confidential and not share it with others. Any violation of these guidelines may lead to the restriction, suspension, or termination of your account at the sole discretion of “The Website”. 

5\. IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

5.1. CHILDREN’S AND MINOR’S 

Although our website is basically meant for the general audience, minors and children under the age of 18 are not eligible to register an account and/or use our service. We do not knowingly collect any sort of personal information from children under the age of 13. 

5.2. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY 

We may update this Privacy Policy at any given time, with or without advance notice. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies. In the event there are any substantial amendments in the manner in which we handle your personally recognizable information, or in the Privacy Policy document itself, we may display a notice on the website and/or send you an email, so that you may examine the changed terms before continuing to use the site. It need not be mentioned, but if you object to any of the changes to our terms, and you no longer wish to use “The Website”, you may close your account. For all practical purposes and unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that “The Website” has about you and your account. Using the “The Website” services after the date has been changed on top of this document and/or a notice of changes has been sent to you and/or published on our site shall constitute your consent to the changed terms or practices. 

6\. SECURITY 

We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic, and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. We want you to feel confident using our website or to transact business. In an effort to help secure your personal information, access to your data on “The Website” is password-protected, and sensitive financial data (such as credit card information or other payment details) is protected by SSL encryption when it is transmitted between your web browser and the “The Website’s” payment gateway. To secure any data you store on our servers, “The Website” also periodically inspects its system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we use one of the most advanced and secured data center. Nevertheless, since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to “The Website”. Hence, although we take steps to secure your information, there is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by violation of any of our physical, technical, or managerial precautions. It is your responsibility to safeguard the security of your login information. Kindly note that emails, messaging, and other similar modes of communication with other Users of “The Website” are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to convey any confidential or sensitive information through these means. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft. 

7\. DISCLOSURES TO OTHERS AS THE RESULT OF A CHANGE IN CONTROL/OWNERSHIP OR SALE OF “THE WEBSITE” 

We may also disclose your personal information or any other information you provide to another third party as part of a sale of the assets of “The Website”, a subsidiary or division, or as the result of a change in control, ownership, and management of the company. Any third party to which “The Website” transfers or sells “The Website’s” assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us. 

8\. VISITING OUR WEBSITES FROM DIFFERENT COUNTRIES: 

Since our website is global in nature, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a data center in different countries where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. 

9\. NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 

This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website. 

10\. HOW TO CONTACT US 

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by filling out the contact us form. 
