> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wprssaggregator.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190423061338id_/https%3A//www.wprssaggregator.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - WP RSS Aggregator

This page discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the wprssaggregator.com website.

### Information Automatically Logged

This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics and Clicky Analytics), other measurement tools, as well as support tools (such as HelpScout) to help analyse how users use the site and to provide support services. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for wprssaggregator.com

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

### Disabling and Enabling Cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser.

### External Links

This site contains (affiliate) links to other sites. wprssaggregator.com and its authors are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

### Personal Information

When you fill in a contact form anywhere on our site or comment on a blog post, we ask for your name & email address (and possibly other details relevant to your request). This information is only used to contact you back about your specific request.

When you buy a product, we will ask for your name and email address, and we might gain some other information like your website’s URL through the activation of the product’s license key. All this information is stored on our secure servers and is not used at any time, unless at your specific written request.

Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on WP RSS Aggregator and for other promotional material if you choose to opt-in to the option titled “Sign up for the latest news and updates” at checkout.

Your personal information will not be distributed to anyone for any purpose.

### Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

### Contacting the Website

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this website, you can contact us on info [at] wprssaggregator.com. For support purposes, please contact us [here](https://www.wprssaggregator.com/contact/).
