> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ynetnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181231104426id_/https%3A//www.ynetnews.com/articles/0%2C7340%2CL-3048313%2C00.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Yedioth Internet respects the privacy of users of the websites it manages and operates, including the Ynet, WinWin and Ynetnews websites (these sites shall be hereinafter referred to, for convenience, as “Ynet Sites” or “the Sites”). This statement explains the accepted privacy policy for the Sites. It gives an overview, inter alia, of the way in which Yedioth Internet uses information provided thereto by the users of the Sites or collected thereby during the use of the Sites.

Some of the services in the Ynet Sites require registration. In the course of the registration you will be 

required to provide personal information, such as your full name, (encoded) ID number, address, contact details or e-mail address or your credit card information. The fields which are designated for compulsory completion shall be explicitly indicated. If you do not enter the requisite data in the compulsory fields, you will be unable to register to the services requiring registration. Since Yedioth Internet will only ask for the information required for the registered service, in some of the services you will be required to provide further data, as required according to the type of the service. Thus, for instance, during the subscription to the Ynet encyclopedia you will be asked to provide, inter alia, your credit card details. 

Connecting to Ynet Sites (which enable it) through the Facebook account of the client (user / end user) may transfer to the database information as approved by the Facebook management and subject to a procedure of your approval as part of that platform (Facebook) and the details you provided there, such as your full name, profile picture, age range, gender and other public information like an e-mail address and identification number (which is provided to each Facebook user). 

Your registration to services which require you to register and/or provide details while purchasing a product or a service through the Ynet Sites or their sub-sites (WinWin, Ynettours, Ynetshops, etc.) will serve as an approval on your behalf to be included on a list of people receiving advertisements from different commercial bodies including the relevant site, via e-mail, text message, etc. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, you will be able to declare, following any advertisement sent to you, your refusal to continue receiving advertisements, and until you do so you will continue receiving advertisements as aforementioned. 

The information you provide when registering to the services on the Sites will be stored in the Yedioth Internet database. You are not required by law to provide the information, but without providing it you will not be able to use these services. 

In the course of your use of the Sites, it is possible that information pertaining to your habits, products and services you have purchased or sought to sell, information or advertisements that you have read on the Sites, the pages you watched, offers and services that were of interest to you, the modes of payment used by you, the location of the computer through which you had access to the Sites, and more, will be gathered or accumulated. Yedioth Internet shall store this information in its data bases. Any use of these data, as well as of the data you provide in the course of the registration to the different services on the Ynet Sites, shall be made only in accordance with this Privacy Policy or with the provisions of the law—for the following purposes:

  * To enable you to use various services on the Sites—such as (but not limited to) forums, games, special deals and different activities which shall be offered from time to time on the Sites. 
  * To improve and expand the services and content offered on the Sites, including creating new services and content which correspond to the requirements and expectations of the users of the Sites, and modifying or canceling existing services and content. The information used by Yedioth Internet for this purpose shall be mainly statistical information, which will not identify you personally. 
  * To create personal zones on the Sites, which you can modify according to your preferences. 
  * To purchase products and/or services on the Sites—including publication of information and content on your behalf. 
  * To tailor advertisements you view while visiting the Ynet Sites to your special fields of interest. Any information used by Yedioth Internet for this purpose will not identify you personally by name or address. 
  * Yedioth Internet may e-mail you from time to time information pertaining to its services, as well as marketing and advertising material—whether information published by Yedioth Internet itself or information received from other posting advertisers for publication purposes. At any time, you may ask to stop receiving information of this kind. Nevertheless, Yedioth Internet will not transfer your personal details to advertisers. 
  * To contact you (as and when necessary) or to analyze and provide statistical information to third parties, including advertisers. Any such information will not identify you personally. 
  * For any other purpose, as specified herein or in the Terms of Use of any of the relevant services on the Ynet Sites. 
  * For the orderly and proper operation and development of the Sites. No information used for this purpose will be transferred to any third party, except to the extent permitted under this Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time.  




Yedioth Internet will not transfer your personal details and any collected information pertaining to your activities on the website (as far as such details and information identify you personally), to any third party, except in the following cases:

  * In cases where information about you, as previously stated, is published by you at your own initiative as your contact details (for instance, as part of advertisements you would publish on the WinWin website); 
  * When you purchase products and services from trade and content partners of Yedioth Internet or when you take part in any other third-party content-related activity or in joint activities of Yedioth Internet and a third party, which are presented on the Ynet Sites. In these cases, these partners may be provided with the information they need for the completion of the purchase procedure, for management of the relevant content-related activity and in order to maintain contact with you; 
  * Should you breach the Ynet Sites’ Terms of Use, the provisions of the Sites’ registration agreement or any of the services provided therein or the Sites’ Terms of Use, or should you perform or attempt to perform any allegedly illegal action, through the Sites or in connection therewith. In such cases, Yedioth Internet may transfer the information as shall be necessary; 
  * If Yedioth Internet receives a court order instructing it to transfer your details or any information about you to a third party; 
  * In any case of a dispute, claim, action, demand or legal proceedings, if any, between yourself and Yedioth Internet; 
  * If Yedioth Internet considers that transferring such information is necessary in order to prevent serious damage to your person or property or to the person or property of any third party; 
  * Yedioth Internet has the right to transfer your personal details and the information collected further to your use of the Sites to other companies of the Yedioth Ahronot Group, provided, however, that they use this information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy; 
  * Should Yedioth Internet organize the operation of the Sites through another corporation—and should it merge with another entity or merge the activity of the Sites with a third party activity—it shall be entitled to transfer to the new corporation a copy of the information collected about you on the Sites or any other statistical information in its possession, provided, however, that said corporation shall subject itself to this privacy policy.  




Cookies are used for the ongoing and orderly operation of the Sites, including for the purpose of collecting statistical data about use of the Sites, the verification of information, adjusting the Sites to your personal preferences and for purposes of information security. Cookies are text files created by your browser according to a command from the Ynet Sites computers. Some of the Cookies will expire when you close down the browser and others are saved on your computer’s hard disk. If, for instance, you use Windows OS and your browser is Microsoft Internet Explorer, you can find the saved Cookies in the folder C-->Windows-->Cookies as well as in C:-->Windows-->Temporary Internet Files. The Cookies contain a variety of information, such as the pages you have accessed, the amount of time you spent on the Sites, the source from which you reached the Sites, sections and information you have sought during your entries into the Sites, and more. Cookies are also used to obviate the need to enter your personal details into the system every time you revisit sections of Ynet Sites that require registration. The information contained in the Cookies is encoded, and Yedioth Internet takes precautions to ensure that only the Ynet computers are able to read and decipher the information stored therein.

If you do not wish to receive Cookies, you may avoid receiving them by changing the definitions in your browser. Please read the Help file of your browser for this purpose. Please bear in mind, however, that disabling the Cookies may prevent you from using some of the services and the features on the Ynet Sites or on other websites. Furthermore, you can delete the Cookies from your computer at any time. It is recommended that you do so only if you are sure that you do not wish Ynet Sites to correspond to your individual preferences. Since the Cookies sometimes save you the need to enter usernames and passwords, it is recommended that do not delete them unless you are sure you have first written down in a safe place all the details required for the use of the Sites.

If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: [](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

[

http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp

](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

[](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)Third Party Services 

Some of the services on the Ynet Sites, like the article search engine and the Encyclopedia entries, are managed by Yedioth Internet’s commerce and content partners. These services are offered through those partners’ computers and not from Yedioth Internet’s computers. In the course of your use of these services, you may be asked to provide personal details, or information may be collected about you. The use of this information is subject to the privacy policy of the managers of those services and not to Ynet’s Privacy Policy, and so it is recommended that you review their privacy policy documents as well. 

Yedioth Internet permits other companies to manage the advertisements display scheme on the Ynet Sites and/or uses systems on behalf of other companies in connection with managing the advertisements display scheme on the Ynet Sites. The advertisements that you see while visiting the Ynet Sites originate from the computers of these companies. In order to manage the advertisements, these companies post Cookies on your computer and places Web Beacons in the advertisements or in the sites' pages. The Web Beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are embedded in Internet pages and are used to help collect information about the browsing and usage of the site as well as audience data (such as age, gender and areas of interest) that are extracted from interest-based advertising by Google or other advertisers through a Google Analytics code. The collected information does not identify you, and is only intended to match the displayed advertisements to your personal interests. The use made by such companies of Cookies and Web Beacons is subject to their own privacy policies and not to this Private Policy of the Ynet Sites. Should you wish to control and change definitions that would limit, inter alia, the ability to provide you with segmented advertising, you may do so vis-à-vis the companies based on their privacy policies. 

check the privacy policies of the companies that are managing the advertising scheme on the Ynet Sites, you may do so via their own websites. Concerning Google’s advertisements display scheme through [this link](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/). 

Yedioth Internet uses the assistance of different companies, which provide it with services of statistical analysis about the use of the Ynet Sites. The companies collect and analyze information about the scope of the use of the site, the frequency of the use thereof, the users’ sources of access to the site, etc. The collected information is statistical in its nature, does not identify you personally and is intended for the purposes of analysis, research and control.

Yedioth Internet implements data security systems and procedures on the Ynet Sites. Although such systems and procedures reduce the risk of unauthorized entry into the Ynet computers, they do not provide absolute security. Therefore, Yedioth Internet does not guarantee that the services on the Ynet Sites are absolutely immune to unauthorized access to the information stored therein. 

Under the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, any individual is entitled, whether himself or through a proxy so authorized in writing on his behalf or through his legal guardian, to access information pertaining to him that is contained in a database. Any person who peruses such information and finds it to be inaccurate, incomplete, unclear or non-updated, may contact the owner of the database with a request to correct, amend or delete the data. Should the owner of the database refuse to comply with such a request, he must inform the applicant of such a refusal in the manner determined in the regulations. Any refusal on the part of the owner of the database to permit access or comply with a request to amend or delete information may be appealed by the applicant in a magistrates’ court as determined in the regulations.

Moreover, should the information contained in the Yedioth Internet’s databases be used for purposes of personally soliciting you, based on your affiliation to any population group as determined according to one or more attributes of people whose names are included in the database (“solicitation for commercial purposes”)—then you are entitled under the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, to submit a written request that such information pertaining to you be deleted from the database. Yedioth Internet shall in such case delete any information that is required only for solicitation for commercial purposes as stated above. Any information required by Yedioth Internet for management of its business—including documentation of commercial and other activities performed by you on the Ynet Sites—shall continue to be legally stored at Yedioth Internet, but no further use shall be made of such information for purposes of personally soliciting you. If within 30 days you do not receive notification that the information that Yedioth Internet was requested to delete was in fact deleted according to the provisions of this paragraph, you are entitled to apply to a magistrates’ court in the manner determined in the regulations and as authorized by law, in order that the court may instruct Yedioth Internet to take the required action as stated.

Yedioth Internet has the right to change the terms of its Privacy Policy from time to time. Should any substantive changes be made in this Policy, to the instructions referring to use of personal information provided by you, notification of such change will be posted on the Sites’ homepage.
