> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the plagiarismdetect.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120625023955id_/http%3A//www.plagiarismdetect.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - PlagiarismDetect.com

This Privacy Statement explains our policy considering the personal information we collect about you in the process of your cooperation with PlagiarismDetect.com web site (www.PlagiarismDetect.com). It applies to information we collect about:

  * Visitors of our web site.
  * People who use our services.



## Information we collect about people browsing our web site

Our web server automatically collects standard information, including your browser type, operating system and access time. We collect this information in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.

This information is used only to improve the content of our web pages, to customize it and/or layout of our website. We never sell, rent or share any of the information we collect by this method (except anonymous aggregate information) with any third parties.

We use Google Analytics to help analyze use of our website. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The data generated by the cookie about your use of the website is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website's activity. To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org/. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

## Information we collect when you use our services

When you start your cooperation with us, you will be asked to provide personal information in order to perform payments for our services and use them. We have to hold the details of the people who have requested the service in order to provide it. However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely related purposes.

We will use your email address to send you certain notification on the most important aspects of our cooperation. If you agree to receive news and updates to your email in the process of registration, your email will also be used for this purpose. If you want to receive results of plagiarism check to your email, your address will be used for this as well.

This information will be used only by our customer care agents and will not on any condition be disclosed to any third party; it is never sold, rented or shared.

All the payments for the services are outsourced to 2Checkout.com. We do not have access to credit card numbers and any and all other payment information submitted to 2CO as a result of the online payment process. Security of information you provide to 2CO should be checked in their Privacy Policy.

## Complaints or queries

We try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.

This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive details of all aspects of our collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to us through the Contact us form.

## Access to personal information

We try to be as open as we can in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a "subject access request" under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you, we will:

  * give you a description of it;
  * tell you why we are holding it;
  * tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
  * let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.



To make a request to us for any personal information we may need you to put the request in writing addressing it to our Support Team via the Contact us form at the website.

If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.

If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting the Support Team.

## Links Disclaimer

In order to provide visitors with certain information, this website provides links to local, state and federal government agencies, and web sites of other organizations. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, or accessibility of that web site. Once you link to another web site from this web site, including one maintained by the State, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that web site, including, but not limited to, its privacy policy.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 26, 2011.
