> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the planetofsuccess.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120181621id_/http%3A//www.planetofsuccess.com/blog/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This privacy statement covers the PlanetofSuccess.com blog! Feel free to visit our [full privacy policy](http://www.planetofsuccess.com/privacy/). Please read this statement carefully before you proceed to access this blog. By using the PlanetofSuccess.com – blog you indicate your agreement to abide the Terms in effect.

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, feel free to [contact us](http://www.planetofsuccess.com/blog/contact-us/ "Contact"). This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by www.planetofsuccess.com and how it is used.

 **Log Files** : Like many other Web sites, www.planetofsuccess.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

 **Cookies and Web Beacons:** www.planetofsuccess.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

 **DoubleClick DART Cookie:** Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.planetofsuccess.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.planetofsuccess.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.  These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.planetofsuccess.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. www.planetofsuccess.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.planetofsuccess.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.

 **Information Collection**

PlanetofSuccess.com blog is the owner of the information collected on the sites. PlanetofSuccess.com blog collects information from our visitors and users at several different points on the sites:

 **Google Analytics:**

This website uses Google Analytics to a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (” Google “). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer and allow an analysis of the use of the Site by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is submitted to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other use of the website and Internet services. Google will transmit this information to third parties unless required by law or if third parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, we point out that you can use in this case not all features of this website. By using this site you agree to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose.

 **Comments**

In order to enhance their use of the PlanetofSuccess.com blog, users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest. To leave a comment, users must submit information including a valid email address. This blog uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our terms and conditions of use, and will not pass this information to any other organization.

 **Mailing List**

The PlanetofSuccess.com blog may launch a mailing list for some or all of the sites. In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site’s mailing list, users must submit information including a valid email address. This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site, including new articles added to the site as well as emails from third party site sponsors. If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, do not sign up for the mailing list.  


**Third Party Cookies**

Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, this blog has no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by PlanetofSuccess.com blog only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

 **Links**

The PlanetofSuccess.com blog contains links to other sites. Please be aware that this blog is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Instablogs Network.

 **Affiliate disclosure**

This website, PlanetofSuccess.com, is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Product reviews made available on the Planetofsuccess.com website may include affiliate links that will generate a commision for the publisher, whenever a visitor chooses to purchase such a product. Planet of success is associated with various affiliate websites, such as Amazon.com. Affiliate links may be included on various pages, articles and posts of this website. By clicking these links the administrator of this website may receive a commission.

 **Notification of Changes**

Whenever the  PlanetofSuccess.com blog changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

All of the PlanetofSuccess.com blog  titles are information sites. The sites rely on other sites for information, in addition to accurately reported information. Information on the sites may contain errors or inaccuracies; the sites’ proprietors do not make any warranty as to the correctness or reliability of the sites’ content. Links to content on and quotation of material from other sites are not the responsibility of PlanetofSuccess.com blog. Email sent to any of the PlanetofSuccess.com blog is considered our property. We will respect and protect anonymous sources as tipsters, but all correspondence is considered available for publication.

Feel free to also have a look at our [disclaimer](http://www.planetofsuccess.com/terms/), inclusively our terms and conditions!
