> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the planespotters.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160408173412id_/https%3A//www.planespotters.net/about/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Our website may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, email address) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider. 

**Planespotters.net**

**Thomas Noack**  
Atzpodienstrasse 50  
D-10365 Berlin  
Germany  **Contact**  
Phone: +49 178 55 00 747  
E-Mail: [support@planespotters.net](mailto:support@planespotters.net)  
[Contact Form](https://web.archive.org/help/contact)

Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured. 

#### Cookies

Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session cookies" that are deleted once you leave our website. 

To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through a code saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website. 

You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. 

#### Server Data

For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected: 

  * \- type and version of the browser you use
  * \- operating system
  * \- websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
  * \- websites that you visit
  * \- date and time of your visit
  * \- your Internet Protocol (IP) address.



This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services. 

#### Purpose of Registering

We offer you the opportunity to sign up for our website. The information entered when signing up, as shown in the registration form ( **name, username, e-mail address** ) is collected and stored solely for use by our website. When signing up for our website, we also store your IP address and the date and time you registered. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your data to sign up for our site. None of this information is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website. 

#### Contacting Us

On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website. 

#### Use of Google Analytics with anonymization

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there. In using Google Analytics our website employs the extension, "_gat._anonymizeIp". In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Google uses this information to analyze your use of our site, to compile reports for us on internet activity and to provide other services relating to website and internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. Furthermore, Google offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data Google can collect on websites you access. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) used by Google Analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to Google Analytics. However, the browser deactivation add-on offered by Google Analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services we may engage. You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on at the following link:   
<https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>

#### Use of the web analysis service PIWIK

Our website uses the web analysis service PIWIK. To carry out this analysis, PIWIK uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored to your computer and provide analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, are transmitted to our PIWIK server and stored there. As part of this process, you IP address is immediately anonymized so that you as user remain anonymous to us. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this site is not transferred to third parties. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. 

Should you be unwilling to have this data about your use of the site stored and analyzed, you may at any time subsequently withdraw your consent to it being stored and used with a click of the mouse. A so-called opt-out cookie is then placed on your browser, and as a result Piwik will no longer collect any data on your visits. Please be aware that, should you delete cookies from your browser settings, the opt-out cookie from PIWIK may also be deleted and will need to be reactivated. 

#### Use of Google+ recommendation components

Our website employs the “+1“-buttom from Google+ belonging to Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a “+1“ component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this component from Google. Through this process, Google is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited. As specified by Google, your visit undergoes additional analysis in the event you are not logged into your Google account. If you access our site while logged into Google and press the “+1" button, Google can collect information about your Google account, websites you recommend as well as your IP address, along with other browser-related information. This allows your “+1“ recommendation to be stored and publicized. Your Google “+1“ recommendation can then appear as a reference in other Google services, such as search results, your Google account or other places, such as on websites and ads in the internet, together with your account name and, if applicable, a picture you provided to Google. Furthermore, Google can link your visit to our site with data stored by Google. Google also records this information for the purpose of further improving Google services. If you wish to minimize the collection of information by Google as previously described, you must log out of your Google account before visiting our website. 

You can access Google‘s data protection policies relating to the “+1“ button together with all relevant information on the collection, transfer and use of data by Google, your rights in this regard as well as your profile settings options at the following link:   
<https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policy>

#### Use of Facebook components

Our website employs components provided by facebook.com. Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. 

Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited. 

When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not. 

If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy:   
<https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/>

In addition, tools are freely available on the market that can be used to block Facebook social plug-ins with add-ons from being added to all commonly used browsers:   
<http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/>   
You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at   
<https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>

#### Use of Google AdSense 

Our website employs Google AdSense. Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, for incorporating advertisements. Google-AdSense uses so-called “cookies“, text files, that are stored to your computer and which provide analysis of the use of our website. Furthermore, Google AdSense uses so-called “web beacons“. Web beacons allow Google to analyze information, such as visitor traffic to our website. This information, along with your IP address and the ad format displayed, is transmitted to Google in the US where it is stored and may be transferred by Google to contracting partners. However, Google does not merge your IP-address with other stored data on you. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. By using our website you declare that you agree to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner previously described and for the purposes there specified. 

#### Information/Cancellation/Deletion

On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data. 

[Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement](https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/leistungen/muster-datenschutzerklaerung.html) provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner
