> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the planet5d.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120092131id_/http%3A//blog.planet5d.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | planet5D curated digital image news

(last update: Jul 2015)

### Information we gather

The following information is gathered from our website visitors:

IP address

### How we use the information we gather

We use the information to enhance your visitor experience. We may at times ask for your email address to subscribe you to our daily email service. This email is never shared.

### The people that are given access to this information

Your personal information is accessible by planet5D LLC only.

### The security measures we have in place to protect your personal information

To safeguard your personal information, we use only the best online products that have proven security methods.

### Our use of cookies

Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website.

Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalise your experience of our website.

Additionally, 3rd party advertisers on our site may use cookies for tracking purposes.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.

Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.

Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Generated by: [FreePrivacyPolicy.org](http://www.freeprivacypolicy.org/)
