> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the planet49.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111215150320id_/http%3A//planet49.co.uk/cgi-bin/49lp.pl%3Femail%3D%26file%3Ddatensch.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Planet49: 6 out of 49 plus the bonus ball in order to scoop £500,000. A draw everyday and it's free!!

**Data Protection Notifice:**

 **1\. Is the protection of your personal information ensured?**  
We protect all data which you transmit to us. The data transmission is effected to the organiser of the sweepstake the Planet49 GmbH, Oberliederbacher Weg 25, 65843 Sulzbach/Ts.  
We use the accumulated information to be able to design the offers of the organisers, the partners and sponsors (in the following called "the Provider") as conveniently, interest oriented, pinpointed and effectively as possible. Your satisfaction and your safety are the Providers' utmost priority. The Providers' employees also only granted the access authorisation they require for their work. The data which is accumulated during the game is stored according to high security standards. The Providers protect your personal information to the best of their knowledge. In order to guarantee a trouble-free course of the game, data protection has the highest priority for the Providers. The following statements are meant to help you better understand our security guidelines. Should you require further information or have any questions at all, you can gladly contact info@planet49.co.uk via email at any time. Our data protection notifice can alter from time to time. Should this occur, we will of course inform you accordingly during your next online visit. 

**2\. Which information is subject to data protection?**   
Data protection includes all individual-related data. That includes data resulting from the voluntary registration and from the voluntary answers to questions. On the basis of your consent given when registering we will collect the following data: master data (e.g. name and address), date of birth, telephone. Furthermore the following additional data can be collected in line with the game: additional data regarding the participant or the household, product- and media- relevant data, partner-company related data on trademark, product and communication measures and buying behaviour. You can cancel your consent to the data processing at any time effective for the future by giving your name and your address data to info@planet49.co.uk via email or to Planet49 GmbH, Oberliederbacher Weg 25, 65843 Sulzbach/Ts. Basically it is possible to store IP-addresses. An IP-address is a number which is automatically assigned to your computer when using the Internet. We collect this data for the purpose of operations control or in order to channel reports to our advertisers which are already in an aggregated form. 

**3\. What do the Providers do with the registered information?**  
The Providers conduct internal surveys regarding demographics, interests and behaviour of the users based on the information available from the registration, from questions answered at the end of the game and from our server log files. This enables us to 

  * personally greet you upon every visit to our page and to take your specific preferences into consideration. Therefore we can better understand our users and can optimise our range of services. 
  * the knowledge of your preferences leads to more interesting and more suitable advertising. Are there for example low-priced offers for pet owners, the Providers are in a position to place them specifically for participants with pets. In doing so we do not convey your personal information to advertisers. 
  * also we can inform you about services or products from third parties from time to time. When registering you can decide if you are interested in this information or if you would rather prefer not receiving such emails. 



If the player would like to receive a newsletter, he/she accepts that there is also product information contained in the newsletter. 

**4\. To whom do the Providers pass their information on to?**  
We treat your personal information for identification confidentially. The Providers do not release any of your data for identification or convey it to third parties if you have not given your explicit consent permitting them to do so. The case of winning represents an exception In this case the participant gives the Providers his/her explicit permission to publish the first name, place of origin and a photograph on one of the Providers' Internet pages. Please observe that due to legal reasons an obligation to release your data can exist. For events which are completely or partially sponsered by other companies, you also provide the sponsor with your data if applicable, as far as you give your approval to do so. We cannot control their guidelines for the protection of your privacy. However as soon as data is not soley collected by the Providers, we will inform you accordingly before the data collection. By not participating in such events you avoid the transmission of your data to third parties. 

**5\. Can your personal data for identification be updated, corrected or deleted?**  
You can edit your account information at any time using your email address and password at "My PLANET49". You can also have your account deleted or deactivated; to do so please send us an email to info@planet49.co.uk. However please keep in mind that your user alternatives regarding the Providers' range of services will then be limited to those of a non-member. We reserve the right to store information concerning registered members who have violated user conditions or whose access has been cancelled in order to avoid repeated misuse. 

**6\. What security measures do the Providers have to protect their information against loss, misuse or alteration?**  
Your profile is password protected so that only you have access to this personal information. Therefore you should not inform anyone of your password. You should not answer emails which inquire about your password. The Providers cannot assume responsibility for the publication of information due to errors in data transmission or unauthorised access by third parties. The data is filed in a databank server by storing the user entries. This server meets all current standards corresponding to safety precautions. It is not only protected against digital but also against physical attacks. Nevertheless so far the media Internet does not allow for absolute protection. Nonetheless the Providers are trying to achieve the safety of their data in our systems in all conscience. 

**7\. What else should you know about data protection?**  
You should be aware of the fact that information which you voluntarily reveal over the net, e.g. in discussion forums, via email or in chatrooms can be used by others. We do not monitor the actions of our visitors and registered members. If you reveal personal information, you do so at your own risk and understand that this information can be collected and used by others. Whether you receive unwanted messages or not is up to you because you alone are responsible for the concealment of your email address, account information of any kind or your password. Please observe that with your registration you agree to the storage and use of the individual related data you transmit and you agree to our data protection terms. In the case of objections please send an email to info@planet49.co.uk . We will then delete your entire data. 

This complete data protection notifice will be available to you on the net at any time so that you can also inform yourself of the contents later on. 
