> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the planet-iphones.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104032203id_/http%3A//planet-iphones.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Planet iPhones

[Planet-iPhones.com](http://planet-iphones.com/) (“Planet-iPhones”) implements a policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, Planet-iPhones collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Planet-iPhones’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Planet-iPhones’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Planet-iPhones may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Planet-iPhones also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Planet-iPhones does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

   
**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to Planet-iPhones’ websites choose to interact with Planet-iPhones in ways that require Planet-iPhones to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Planet-iPhones gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who register at Planet-iPhones.com to provide a working email address. Those who engage in transactions with Planet-iPhones – by sharing information on the forums, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Planet-iPhones collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Planet-iPhones. Planet-iPhones does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

   
**Aggregated Statistics**  
Planet-iPhones may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Planet-iPhones may monitor the most popular parts of the Planet-iPhones.com site, and the Planet-iPhones.com Forum Boards. Planet-iPhones may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Planet-iPhones does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

   
**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
Planet-iPhones discloses potentially personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Planet-iPhones’ behalf or to provide services available at Planet-iPhones’ websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Planet-iPhones’ websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Planet-iPhones will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Planet-iPhones discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Planet-iPhones believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Planet-iPhones, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Planet-iPhones website and have supplied your email address, Planet-iPhones may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Planet-iPhones and our products. We primarily use our Forum to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Planet-iPhones takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

   
**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Planet-iPhones uses cookies to help Planet-iPhones identify and track visitors, their usage of Planet-iPhones website, and their website access preferences. Planet-iPhones visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Planet-iPhones’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of Planet-iPhones’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

   
**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Planet-iPhones may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Planet-iPhones’ sole discretion. Planet-iPhones encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
