> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the planningfamily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060414180133id_/http%3A//www.planningfamily.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Planning Family

**Privacy Policy Statement**

This statement describes our privacy policy. By registering with our Web Site ("www.PlanningFamily.com"), you are accepting the practices described in this Statement. 

Please Note: Our Privacy Policy changes from time to time and changes are effective upon posting. Please check back frequently for updates as it is your sole responsibility to be aware of changes. PlanningFamily.com does not provide notices of changes in any manner other then by posting the changes at this website. 

PlanningFamily.com is owned by Family Marketing, Inc., a company that is committed to the privacy rights of our users. PlanningFamily.com gathers and compiles certain types of personally identifiable information about our users. We want users to fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. This policy only applies to the collection of information at PlanningFamily.com. 

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, contact us by email at info@PlanningFamily.com. We can also be reached by mail at PlanningFamily.com / Family Marketing, Inc. 9000 W. Sunset Blvd. Suite 400, West Hollywood, CA 90069. 

**ARTICLE I- PRINCIPLES:**

_Section 1.01 - Information PlanningFamily.com Gathers and Tracks_

PlanningFamily.com gathers personally identifiable and other information about users (such as name, postal address, email address, gender, date of birth, interests, other demographic information, etc.). This information is obtained in connection with a user's registration on our site and/or by completing advertiser offers. All information submitted in the registration process or by completing advertiser offers is subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy Statement. By completing advertiser offers on PlanningFamily.com, users are submitting their personally identifiable information to the advertiser as well as PlanningFamily.com. PlanningFamily.com receives information about users who have registered on the PlanningFamily.com website to receive offers for free products and services from third party marketers such as Family Marketing, Inc. and its affiliates. 

This Privacy Policy applies to consumers that have signed up directly on the PlanningFamily.com website or through the websites of our media partners. We may use the personally identifiable information that you supply to us and work with other third party businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our users via direct mail, email and telemarketing. These businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference services, data enhancement, suppression and validation, and email marketing.


_Section 1.02 -- Cookies & Automatic Information_

To enable us to provide content that users need and desire, we collect aggregated site-visitation statistics using cookies. A Cookie is simply a small data file we place on your computer's hard drive when you first visit the Web Site ("Cookie"). This file contains a unique number that helps us identify you when you return to the Web Site. Cookies are employed by thousands of web sites to enhance users' web viewing experience. Cookies can neither damage user files nor can they read information from users' hard drives. Allowing us to create a Cookie on your hard drive will not give us or any other site access to the rest of your computer's hard drive, and only we will be able to read the Cookie that the Web Site creates. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block Cookies in the future. The "Help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will explain how you can prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, how to set the browser to inform you when you receive a new Cookie, or how to reject Cookies altogether. 

Our web server automatically collects information from your computer and navigation patterns when you visit our site, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the computer's operating system, the type of browser you use, and the specific web pages visited during your connection. We may also track data such as the total number of visits to our website and the number of visitors to each page of our website. We may use this information, in aggregate form, for system maintenance and to better understand how our visitors use our site and services so that we can make them better. PlanningFamily.com may also share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data will not contain any information that personally identifies you.


_Section 1.03 -- Use of Information_

PlanningFamily.com uses information voluntarily given by expectant parents in order to provide such individuals with information on products and/or services that may be of interest to them. This information is used to provide our users with relevant trial offers, free samples, free coupons and more. 

We and/or our marketing partners may enhance and/or merge personally identifiable information about users with data collected from other sources to use in direct and/or online marketing and, to the extent permitted by law, individual reference and look-up service programs. In the event we enhance and/or merge such personally identifiable information with data collected from other sources, we will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity and quality of that information. In addition, users may receive postal mailings from our marketing partners as well as periodic postal mailings from us with information on products and services or relevant offers. Users may also be contacted via email or telephone by us or our marketing partners.


_Section 1.04 -- Sharing of Information_

PlanningFamily.com shares or uses the information described above to help advertisers and third party marketers better understand the demographics of our registrants and for their marketing purposes. PlanningFamily.com shares personally identifiable information (including information that has been enhanced with information from other sources) with advertisers, third party marketers, and our affiliates for their direct and/or online marketing efforts and, to the extent permitted by law, for individual reference and look-up service programs. While PlanningFamily.com seeks to contractually obligate our partners to treat information in accordance with accepted marketing practices, PlanningFamily.com does not control the practices of its advertisers or third party marketers. If users indicate that they do not want to have their email address shared with third parties for general email marketing solicitations, PlanningFamily.com will limit the use of their data to certain direct marketing services. These services currently include the provision of personally identifiable information to third parties to validate and enhance existing information held by marketers about their customers. For example, a marketer may use personally identifiable data provided by PlanningFamily.com to add information about the user to its own file for use by that marketer in its own marketing efforts. Similarly, a marketer may use such data merely to verify or validate the accuracy of data about such user that the marketer already possesses; to suppress further marketing messages being sent by such marketer to a user; or in connection with individual reference and look-up service programs (i.e., services used primarily to identify, locate, or verify the identity of an individual). 

Users' requests to unsubscribe from PlanningFamily.com email solicitations will be processed promptly, but in any event within 10 days. In the event that technical difficulties prevent the immediate processing of unsubscribe requests, such requests will be processed as soon as technically feasible. In addition, PlanningFamily.com will not knowingly share information that supports pornographic promotions or sites. 

At all times, PlanningFamily.com reserves the right to disclose information where required by law or to comply with valid legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order), to protect the company's rights or property (including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of PlanningFamily.com or substantially all of its assets), or during emergencies when safety is at risk. Nonetheless, users will have the opportunity to choose whether or not they want to receive further information and offers from any division of Family Marketing, Inc. following a change of control.


_Section 1.05 -- Unsubscribe Policy_

By submitting personal information on PlanningFamily.com so that users can receive free offers, users allow PlanningFamily.com and its affiliates to make that personally identifiable information available to third parties that are making such offers in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. 

PlanningFamily.com provides users the option to unsubscribe from receiving information sent via electronic mailings by PlanningFamily.com on behalf of third party advertisers who are our clients, or to unsubscribe from PlanningFamily.com sharing information with advertisers or third party marketers for promotional purposes. Users may unsubscribe to emails sent via PlanningFamily.com at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every PlanningFamily.com emailing. Users may also opt-out of receiving such emails and other PlanningFamily.com marketing efforts, as well as opt-out of permitting PlanningFamily.com to share their personally identifiable information with advertisers or third party marketers for online and offline promotional purposes by contacting us by email at unsubscribe@.PlanningFamily.com; or by mail at PlanningFamily.com / Family Marketing, Inc. 9000 W. Sunset Blvd. Suite 400, West Hollywood, CA 90069. 

Information sent on behalf of third party advertisers by PlanningFamily.com is prepared days in advance, so users may continue to receive email from PlanningFamily.com for up to 72 hours following the unsubscribe procedures detailed above. We want to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up to date information about you in our records. Therefore, you may review and update your personal information by logging into www.planningfamily.com and navigating to the edit profile section. You may also email us at info@planningfamily.com to correct or update your personal information. For security purposes, we require user verification via user's email address, first and last name, and zip code to receive personal information.


_Section 1.06 -- Security Policy_

PlanningFamily.com protects the security of your personal information. PlanningFamily.com has created security guidelines to protect your data from loss, misuse, alteration, destruction, or unauthorized access. While we use security technologies to secure users' information, we cannot guarantee that any electronic communications is totally secure.
_Section 2.01 -- Children_

Users of the Web Site must be at least 18 years old. If a child has provided us with personal information, that child's parent or guardian should contact us at info@PlanningFamily.com to delete such information from our records.
_Section 3.01 -- Third Party Web Sites_

Please be aware that the Web Site may have links to third party web sites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. When you click on one of these third party links, you are entering another web site for which we have no responsibility. This Notice does not cover the information practices or policies of such third party web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such web sites since their privacy policies may be materially different from our Notice.
_Section 4.01 -- Agreement and Modification:_

By using this site, including, without limitation, signing up for offers and/or continuing to receive information from us, you indicate that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy Statement and you consent to the collection and use of information by us in the manner explained in this Statement. This Statement, including without limitation, provisions covering limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and the application of California law govern any dispute over privacy. By using and accessing the Web Site you agree to indemnify us for any and all third party claims resulting from your breach of this Statement. If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at the Web Site, please email a thorough description of the issue to info@PlanningFamily.com. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy Statement, do not access and use the Web Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site or acceptance of our emails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes and agree to continue receiving communication from us our affiliates and marketing partners. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please unsubscribe by sending an email to unsubscribe@PlanningFamily.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line or click here.

