> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the platypusshoes.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121001212351id_/http%3A//www.platypusshoes.com.au/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Platypus | Exclusive Sneakers and Fashion Footwear | Mens | Womens | Kids | Privacy

This Web site (skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz) is owned and operated by ACCENT FOOTWEAR NZ, Ltd. This Web site supports the wholly owned divisions of ACCENT FOOTWEAR NZ, Ltd., named SKECHERS By Mail and skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz

For your convenience, we may offer links to other websites at skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz. Please note that this privacy policy applies only to skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz. Any other website may be subject to another privacy policy we encourage you to review the privacy policy posted at every website you visit before you provide any personal information.

**Changes To This Policy**

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. If we make any change to this privacy policy we will notify everyone registered with skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz of the change.

**IP Addresses**

An IP (Internet Protocol) address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When a visitor requests pages from skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz, our servers log the visitor's IP address. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.

**Log Data**

Log data consists of IP addresses and information generated by cookies (see above), and other details about a visit to our Web site, such as the time of the visit and the type of Web browser used. Log data is collected passively and is not personally identifiable. Log data collected on skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz Web servers supply us with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. We use this information only to improve our site.

**Personal Information**

We never sell, trade or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information to anyone other than SKECHERS, our service providers (including product shippers), and in very rare cases, to law enforcement agencies or by court order. You can rest assured that providing your personal information to skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz will not result in junk mail or telemarketing calls. When you register, if you indicate that you wish to receive special offers, ACCENT FOOTWEAR will contact you by e-mail occasionally to inform you of changes to the Web site, special offers, cool new ACCENT FOOTWEAR products, or other information that we believe will interest you. You are given the opportunity with each e-mail notification to remove yourself from our e-mail contact list. We do not share your e-mail address with any other company.

You may visit most areas of skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz without providing any personal information. We collect personal information from visitors to our Web site when necessary to complete your purchases, provide you with the products or services you request, or administer our site. Those visitors who enter a contest must provide their names and mailing addresses. This information allows us to identify winners of the contest. We collect telephone numbers and e-mail addresses to facilitate our communication with visitors if necessary, for instance because of a problem with a delivery or to notify contest winnings. We do not use telephone numbers for telemarketing.

You may change any personal information you have submitted to SKECHERS through our site feedback tool.

**Usage of Personal Information**

From time to time we communicate to site visitors by e-mail to inform them of changes to the Web site, special offers that might become available, and other information we believe will be of interest to site visitors. When supplying personal information, you are asked if you would like to be included in these e-mail notifications. You are also given the opportunity with each e-mail notification to remove yourself from our e-mail contact list. We do not share the collected e-mail addresses with any other company.

We might share name and address information from catalogue requesters with other marketing companies whose offer we feel you might be interested in. If you do not wish this information to be shared with other companies, e-mail us at XXXXX stating you do not want your name used for other purposes. You can also mail your request for information not to be shared to:

**Special Notice to Parents**

While we take seriously the privacy of all our visitors, we are especially committed to protecting the privacy of children under the age of 13 years old. We believe that the best policy to ensure privacy for users of this site under the age of 13 is to require parental approval for the collection or use of their personally identifiable information on this site. We do not condition a child's participation in a game, contest, or other activity on the provision of more personal information than is reasonably necessary for such participation.

We have installed screening mechanisms to identify the age of all visitors to any area of skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz that requires the collection of personally identifiable information.

A site visitor indicating they are under the age of 13 years old that attempts to submit personally identifiable information will be required to supply the email address of their parent or legal guardian. We will communicate to the parent of legal guardian, at the email address provided, on the date that a child submits a request. The parent or legal guardian will be given seven (7) calendar days to respond to our message and confirm their approval for us to collect and use the child's personally identifiable information. If approval is received within the time allowed, we will notify the child via the email address he or she has supplied that we have obtained parental consent. We will also send a confirmation to the parent or guardian that explains how the parent or guardian may access their child's personal information, and how consent may be revoked. After we send notification to the child and confirmation to the parent or guardian, we will allow the child to access areas of the site that are open only to registered users. If we do not receive approval from the parent or legal guardian within the allotted time, we will automatically delete the submitted data from our systems. In either case, the information that is collected from the child initially will be limited to the parent's name and e-mail address and the child's name, age and e-mail address.

Parents have the right at any time to access the personal information we collect from their children, and to revoke their consent for our collection or use of their child's personal information. If you are a parent or guardian who has previously given your consent for us to collect and use your child's personal information and you wish to access that information, use the web link and pre-assigned password that was emailed to you prior to account activation. If you wish to revoke your consent for us to collect and use your child's personal information, please use the same link and pre-assigned password to do so. This link will take you to a page that displays all of the child's information we have on file, you can choose to edit, change or delete any and all information we have on file. If you choose to revoke your consent, we will delete from our database all the personal information relating to your child.

We believe our policy is in the best interests of children. We hope you understand our position concerning children's privacy. Should you wish to contact skechers.com.au and skechers.co.nz for any reason, including to revoke your consent for our collection and use of your child's personal information, please [click here](http://www.platypusshoes.com.au/contact-us.html "Contact Us") and send us a message.
