> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the plattsburgh.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190704085610id_/https%3A//www.plattsburgh.edu/about/offices-divisions/administration-finance/management-services/campus-handbook/section-ix-legal-compliance/website-privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website Privacy Policy | SUNY Plattsburgh

**Information Collected Automatically:**  
When visiting plattsburgh.edu, SUNY Plattsburgh automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit: 

-The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed our website  
-The type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which that browser is running  
-The web page requested by the user  
-The web page from which the user accessed the current web page  
-The date and time of the user's request  
-The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each page 

None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute Personal information by the Internet Security and Privacy Act. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve plattsburgh.edu’s content and to help SUNY Plattsburgh understand how users are interacting with its website. This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and SUNY Plattsburgh is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from plattsburgh.edu for commercial marketing purposes. This website uses Google Analytics and AdWords, a web analytics and advertising service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics and AdWords use “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Information collected is subject to Google’s privacy policies. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

You may _opt out of the AdWords cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page_ or you may _opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page_. Google has additional information available about its Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, and Restrictions. 

  
SUNY Plattsburgh also uses Oracle Eloqua for email campaigns and communications. To better tailor content to our users, the information that is collected involves pages the user visited and any information they voluntarily provided in our interest form. To opt out of such tracking you can _visit Oracle’s Online Marketing Information Opt-Out options page_. 

In addition to the site's use of Google Analytics, Google AdWords, and Oracle Eloqua we may permit certain third party companies to help tailor content based on user interests, to otherwise collect, and use data about website usage and traffic. 

**Information Collected When You Complete a Transaction:**  
During your visit to plattsburgh.edu you may send an email to a SUNY Plattsburgh account. Your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your email address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, or to improve this website. Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes and SUNY Plattsburgh is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your email address for commercial marketing purposes. 

  
During your visit to plattsburgh.edu you may complete a transaction such as completing a form on the site. The information collected by SUNY Plattsburgh, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by SUNY Plattsburgh and may be disclosed by SUNY Plattsburgh for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the  
transaction in which the information was submitted. 

**Disclosure of Information Collected:**  
The collection of information through plattsburgh.edu and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. SUNY Plattsburgh will only collect personal information through plattsburgh.edu or disclose personal information collected through plattsburgh.edu if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by SUNY Plattsburgh for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to SUNY Plattsburgh. However, SUNY Plattsburgh may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of SUNY Plattsburgh, or necessary for SUNY Plattsburgh to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person. 

Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through plattsburgh.edu is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law. SUNY Plattsburgh may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to SUNY  
Plattsburgh’s information technology assets. 

**Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information:**  
SUNY Plattsburgh is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through plattsburgh.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, SUNY Plattsburgh limits employee access to personal information collected through plattsburgh.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information are expected to follow all applicable College procedures for the disclosure of personal information. 

In addition, SUNY Plattsburgh has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of plattsburgh.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of  
electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information. 

For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of plattsburgh.edu for all users, SUNY Plattsburgh employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage plattsburgh.edu. 

**Cookies:**  
Some areas of the plattsburgh.edu domain may use cookies to enhance or customize your visit to the site. A session cookie is erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed. 

Other cookies can be stored on your computer's hard drive and will allow the website to recognize you when you visit again and tailor the information presented to you based on your needs and interests. Where or not this type of cookie is used is based on your Internet browser’s privacy settings. 
