> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the platogo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100616133709id_/http%3A//www.platogo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Platogo Privacy Policy

#### Information We Collect

In order that you may register on Platogo's website(s) and access the games and services provided, we collect the following personal data from you: your date of birth, gender and contact details including your country of residence and the email address that you provide.

If you visit Platogo.com from certain other websites, such as facebook.com, we may also record your ID for those websites.

We may also record details of any purchases that you make on our website(s). In order to process any purchases you wish to make, we may need to collect your bank account or credit card details from you.

back to top

#### Children Under the Age of 14

Platogo does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 14 or knowingly allow such persons to register.

If you are under 14, you should neither attempt to register on Platogo nor send us any information about yourself, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 14 may provide any personal information to or on Platogo.

In the event that we discover that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 14, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any information from or about a child under 14, please contact us at [privacy@platogo.com](mailto:privacy@platogo.com).

back to top

#### How We Use This Information and With Whom We Share Your Information

Your personal information is used to manage your registration, and to personalize your visits to our website(s) and the games that you access. Where you have asked to receive information from us, we will use your personal information to send you newsletters or other information about us.

We may also employ the services of third parties to help us provide our online services, such as the processing of payments on our website(s). In some cases the third party may receive your information. However, we will control the use of your information at all times.

We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally identifiable website usage data to improve our websites by storing, tracking and analyzing user preferences and trends.

We may also display targeted advertisements on our websites based upon your personal information. For example, this could include advertisements based upon your gender, your location or the kind of games you like. However, we will not provide any personal information to advertisers if you view a targeted advertisement.

back to top

#### Links and Third Parties

Our websites contain links to other websites over which we have no control. Such third party websites are operated by companies that are also outside of our control, and your activities on those websites will therefore be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties.

back to top

#### Cookies

A cookie is a small string of text stored on a user's computer by a web browser. A cookie consists of one or more name-value pairs containing bits of information such as user preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, and other data used by websites.

When you visit our websites we send you cookies. Cookies may be used in the following ways:

  * to help us identify you when you return to our websites, and to allow us to customize content and your games to match your preferred interests;
  * to assemble anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our websites and to help us improve its structure. We cannot identify you personally in this way.



This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, for compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and for providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

back to top

#### Security

We use standard and reasonable technological and procedural measures to protect the information you provide. However, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.

back to top

#### Changes to this Privacy Policy

If our privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on our websites. Review this policy regularly to ensure that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.

back to top
