> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the playstarfleet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606143927id_/http%3A//playstarfleet.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Starfleet Commander

Blue Frog Gaming, Inc.

Privacy Policy

Last updated on: September 3, 2009

**Our Commitment to Privacy**  
Your privacy is important to Blue Frog Gaming, Inc. (“Blue Frog Gaming,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).  We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information collected from you during your use of our website, located at [http://www.bluefroggaming.com](http://www.bluefroggaming.com/ "Linkification: http://www.hive7.com") (“Our Website”), or through any website providing our online game services (each website, a “Site”).  To that end, we provide this Privacy Policy to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personally identifiable information is collected and used.  This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected from you during your use of a Site.  By using a Site or by providing any personally identifiable information to us, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.

**Purpose of a Site**  
The main purpose of each Site is to provide online social games on social platforms.  We may also provide information and services to existing and prospective users of our online game services.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Please note that we review our privacy policies from time to time, and as such we may revise this Privacy Policy, at our sole discretion, by posting an amended policy on Our Website.  We ask that you periodically review Our Website to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy.  Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy on Our Website.  Use of a Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect.  You will be able to determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by checking the “Last updated” information that appears at the top of this page.

**The Information We Collect**  
Personally Identifiable Information:  A Site does not automatically collect any personally identifiable information (information that identifies you or can identify you as an individual) from visitors of a Site.  We collect personally identifiable information only when you provide it in the course of interacting with a Site, such as when you submit your email address, purchase our products or services, or ask to be contacted by one of our professionals or sales representatives.  In so doing, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information, such as your age, name, postal address, email address, telephone number, user IDs and passwords, or billing and credit card information.  You may choose not to provide such personally identifiable information, but this may limit our ability to provide you with the requested product or service or otherwise contact you.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information:  As part of administrating a Site, our servers may automatically collect non-personally identifiable information.  This is aggregated information or other information that does not identify you, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, pages you visited on a Site, and usage patterns of a Site.  
Cookies and Tracking Pixels:  We also may use cookies, tracking pixels and other technologies to track activity on a Site and to enhance the functionality of a Site.  Cookies are small pieces of information that our server places on a visitor’s computer hard drive to enable that person to more easily communicate and interact with a Site and to provide us with important information on how visitors use a Site.  Tracking pixels (also known as Web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files) collect and store information about your visits to Web sites, such as page visits, the duration of the visit, the specific link(s) that you clicked during your visit, and the address of the website from which you arrived at a Site.  The information collected by such tracking pixels is used in aggregate only for reporting purposes and is not used in connection with your personally identifiable information.  Many web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies.  You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer.  Similarly, you may refer to the “help” portion on the toolbar for detailed instructions on enabling and disabling tracking pixels.  Please note, however, that if you prevent the setting of cookies or prevent the collection of automatic non-personally identifiable information, you may not be able to access portions of a Site.

**How the Information is Used**  
We may use personally identifiable information about you to contact you and to provide products and services to you, at your request.  We may use it to communicate with you through periodic messages regarding services, events, and other information and notices we believe you may find interesting or useful.  We may use it for confirmation of subscriptions or other actions you take on a Site, to send newsletters, and for related customer service needs.  Your credit card information may be used by our financial services providers only for payment processing and fraud prevention.

We use the automatic non-personally identifiable information collected to maintain, secure and improve each Site, and understand your interests when visiting a Site.  We do not collect any personally identifiable information via a user’s IP address.

**How the Information is Disclosed**  
Blue Frog Gaming relies on various service providers and other contractors to support its operations and each Site.  We may share personally identifiable information collected with these third parties, including without limitation: contractors, who maintain our database, send emails and/or newsletters on our behalf, or process our customers’ payments; website hosting or information technology consulting services; website management; data analysis; auditors; lawyers; investors; and other administrative, back-up and security services.  These third parties will not utilize your information for any purpose but to provide the services which we contract for.  We may share aggregate information about Site usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any personally identifiable information, with third parties to comply with various reporting obligations and for business or marketing purposes.

If you choose to post information about yourself, including personally identifiable information, through a Site’s services (for example, your profile page, wall postings, forums, message boards, or chat functionality), such information will be accessible to other Site users.  WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF ANY INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE THROUGH A SITE’S SERVICES.  We do not sell, rent, exchange or otherwise share our email lists and any personally identifiable information about you with any third parties outside of Blue Frog Gaming for their direct marketing purposes.

Blue Frog Gaming also may disclose personally identifiable information in order to:  (1) comply with applicable laws; (2) respond to governmental inquiries or requests; (3) comply with a valid legal process; (4) protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Blue Frog Gaming and its employees and third parties on its properties, Site visitors, or the public; (5) respond to an emergency; (6) enforce our Terms of Use; and (7) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

In the event there is a change in the corporate structure of Blue Frog Gaming, including, without limitation, through merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation or transfer of substantial assets, Blue Frog Gaming may, in its sole and absolute discretion, transfer, sell or assign information collected on and through a Site, including, without limitation, personally identifiable information concerning Site users, to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.

**Opting-out from Our Email List; Changing or Deleting Personally Identifiable Information**  
If you no longer wish to receive our email newsletter or other future communications from us, please follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication or notify us by email at [support@bluefroggaming.com](mailto:support@bluefroggaming.com "Linkification: mailto:optout@hive7.com") with the word “remove” in the subject header, and we will remove your name from our email recipient list.  These opt-out options do not apply to communications that facilitate an agreed-upon transaction or update you on our existing business relationship (for example, administrating order completion, support, or other transactional or relationship messages).  Further, you may view, update, or remove from our database, personally identifiable information you have given us by contacting us by electronic mail or postal mail at the addresses provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.  Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within and will not be removed from our databases and other records.  We are not responsible for removing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your information.

**Keeping Your Information Secure**  
We seek to adopt commercially reasonable security measures consistent with industry practice to ensure the security of personally identifiable information in our possession and to protect it from unauthorized access.  Your credit card information is not stored on our servers.  Although we make good faith efforts to store personally identifiable information in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, no system transmitting data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we, therefore, cannot guarantee complete security.  If you have reasons to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us of the problem by contacting us as explained at the bottom this Privacy Policy.

**Users Under 13 Years of Age**  
Each Site is not directed towards users under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from users under the age of 13.

**Links**  
On a Site, we may provide links to websites maintained by third parties (such as our partners), which may provide certain related services or which we believe you will find useful.  Blue Frog Gaming is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites.  Therefore, the privacy policies of such third-party websites may differ from those applicable to a Site and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of each of those other websites.  We make no representation with regard to the policies or business practices of any websites to which you connect through a link from a Site, and are not responsible for any material contained on, or any transactions that occur between you and, any such website.

**Location**  
We host and maintain all Sites in the United States.  By providing personally identifiable information and other information to a Site, you understand and consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer of such information to the United States and other countries or territories, which may not offer the same level of data protection as the country where you reside, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**How to Contact Us**  
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email to "[support@bluefroggaming.com](mailto:support@bluefroggaming.com)”.
