> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the playrustwiki.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122005224id_/http%3A//playrustwiki.com/wiki/Play_Rust_Wiki%3APrivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Play Rust Wiki:Privacy policy - Play Rust Wiki

    

    Logged in users do not expose their IP address to the public except in cases of abuse, including vandalism of a wiki page by the user or by another user with the same IP address. A user's IP address is stored on the wiki servers for a period of time, during which it can be seen by server administrators and by users who have been granted CheckUser access. 
    IP address information, and its connection to any usernames that share it, may be released under certain circumstances (see below). 
    Editors using a company mail server from home or telecommuting over a DSL or cable Internet connection, are likely to be easy to identify by their IP address; in which case it may be easy to cross-identify all contributions to various websites made by that IP. Using a username is a better way of preserving privacy in this situation. 
    Unlogged-in registered users and unregistered users: 
    Editors who have not logged in may be identified by network IP address. Depending on one's connection, this IP address may be traceable to a large Internet service provider or more specifically to a school, place of business or home. It may be possible to use this information in combination with other information, including editing style and preferences, to identify an author completely. 

##### Discussions

    

    On wiki discussion pages: 
    Any editable page can theoretically be the location of a discussion. In general, discussions on this wiki occur on user talk pages (associated with particular users), on article talk pages (associated with particular articles) or in pages specially designated to function as forums. Privacy expectations apply to discussion pages in the same way as they do elsewhere. 

## Access to and release of personally identifiable information

Access: 

This wiki is primarily run by volunteer contributors. Some dedicated users are chosen by the community to be given privileged access. 

Other users who may have access to private identifiable information include, but are not limited to, the CheckUser and Oversight functions, users elected by wiki community to serve as stewards or Arbitrators, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) employees, trustees, appointees, and contractors and agents employed by Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt), and developers and others with high levels of server access. 

Sharing information with other privileged users is not considered "distribution." 

Release: Policy on Release of Data 

It is the policy of Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) that personally identifiable data collected in the server logs, or through records in the database via the CheckUser feature, or through other non-publicly-available methods, may be released by Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) volunteers or staff, in any of the following situations: 

  1. In response to a valid subpoena or other compulsory request from law enforcement, 
  2. With permission of the affected user, 
  3. When necessary for investigation of abuse complaints, 
  4. Where the information pertains to page views generated by a spider or bot and its dissemination is necessary to illustrate or resolve technical issues, 
  5. Where the user has been vandalizing articles or persistently behaving in a disruptive way, data may be released to a service provider, carrier, or other third-party entity to assist in the targeting of IP blocks, or to assist in the formulation of a complaint to relevant Internet Service Providers, 
  6. Where it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt), its users or the public. 



Except as described above, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) policy does not permit distribution of personally identifiable information under any circumstances. 

Third-party access and notifying registered users when receiving legal process: 

As a general principle, the access to, and retention of, personally identifiable data in this project should be minimal and should be used only internally to serve the well-being of the projects. Occasionally, however, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) may receive a subpoena or other compulsory request from a law-enforcement agency or a court or equivalent government body that requests the disclosure of information about a registered user, and may be compelled by law to comply with the request. In the event of such a legally compulsory request, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) will attempt to notify the affected user within three business days after the arrival of such subpoena by sending a notice by email to the email address (if any) that the affected user has listed in his or her user preferences. 

Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) cannot advise a user receiving such a notification regarding the law or an appropriate response to a subpoena. Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) does note, however, that such users may have the legal right to resist or limit that information in court by filing a motion to quash the subpoena. Users who wish to oppose a subpoena or other compulsory request should seek legal advice concerning applicable rights and procedures that may be available. 

If Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) receives a court-filed motion to quash or otherwise limit the subpoena as a result of action by a user or their lawyer, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) will not disclose the requested information until we receive an order from the court to do so. 

Registered users may not be required to provide an email address. However, when an affected registered user does not provide an email address, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) will not be able to notify the affected user in private email messages when it receives requests from law enforcement to disclose personally identifiable information about the user. 

## Disclaimer

Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) believes that maintaining and preserving the privacy of user data is an important value. This Privacy Policy, together with other policies, resolutions, and actions by Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt), represents a committed effort to safeguard the security of the limited user information that is collected and retained on our servers. Nevertheless, Ideal-Hosting UG (haftungsbeschränkt) cannot guarantee that user information will remain private. We acknowledge that, in spite of our committed effort to protect private user information, determined individuals may still develop data-mining and other methods to uncover such information and disclose it. For this reason, the company can make no guarantee against unauthorized access to information provided in the course of participating in this wiki or related communities. 
