> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the play.fm privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121204044227id_/http%3A//www.play.fm/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy on Play.fm

Play.FM is fully committed to respecting your privacy and to protecting any information you provide to it. We treat both privacy and security as a priority and make every effort to ensure that all the information provided by you is protected. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") respects and protects the privacy of all visitors to Play.FM and intends to give you as much information and control as possible. 

The Policy explains how Play.FM collects and uses information. We hope that our candour will remove any concerns you may have and will make visiting Play.FM a rewarding experience. 

Although we endeavour to keep you up-to-date on all changes made to the website, this Policy may be amended from time to time without notice to you. It is your responsibility to read the Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been made. 

In order to use certain features of the Play.FM Website (manage playlists, create events, upload dj sets,...) you will need to create a profile. When creating the profile you will be asked to provide an email address and create a username, which can be your real name or an alias, (see section "Listening preferences" and "Statistical Information", below) and a password. If you choose to purchase music or other goods or services by clicking on a third party link provided on the website, we will not collect any personal information related to the transaction (i.e. credit card number, address, etc.). The only information that we will collect with respect to such third party links is (a) the number of Play.FM users who utilised such links and (b) the number of purchases made by these generic users. 

From the moment you create your profile and begin listening to music on Play.FM, our Profile Navigation software will begin to create and maintain your listening preferences. This is accomplished by monitoring your activity on the website (i.e. which sets you listen to). All of the information that is generated by your activity on the website is fed back into Profile Navigation in order to fine tune your profile so that Play.FM can recommend suitable sets to you. 

Play.FM does not process any personally identifiable information related to your set collection and/or profile in any manner other than as described in the preceding paragraph. We do not, for example, provide third parties with your name, location (if we know it), the contents of your favourite sets and any historical record. However, please note that your favourite sets and sets you edited (by entering a track name) may be viewed by all other users of Play.FM (who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Play.FM users) and that they may easily associate this information with your Play.FM username (which can be an alias, see section "Personal Information" above). Please see the Statistical Information section below to learn more on this subject and to learn how we log and use information related to your profile in the aggregate. 

Play.FM provides an application for mobile devices ("the Application"). In order to assure proper use of the Application and to implement a system that evaluates the number of times a specific dj set is listened to, Play.FM logs and uses the unique device ID of your mobile device. 

We collect the following data regarding the users of Play.FM, including:

a. The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user's computer. This may or may not be associated with a particular Internet Service Provider (ISP).

b. The referring URL, if any.

c. The browser software identification (i.e. the brand and version of your browser software). 

As discussed above, we log (but do not use) personally identifiable information with respect to the listening, edit and music-sharing activities of users whilst they are on Play.FM. For example, it is possible for us to know which sets you listen to, which you edit, which you recommend to other users and which you add to your favourite sets. We do not use this information in any manner in conjunction with your personal information (i.e. although we here at Play.FM can connect your username to your email address, we don't use a personally identifiable activity log in any manner whatsoever and no third parties are given access to it). Please note, however, the fact that information related to your listening, editing and uploading activities may be viewed by all other users (who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Play.FM users) in conjunction with your Play.FM username. Thus, with respect to other users, we don't view this information as personally identifiable because of the veil of anonymity afforded by your username. If you take any action which destroys the anonymity of your username, we cannot be held responsible for the fact that others may as a result be able to personally identify you with your username (and therefore with your record collection and Play.FM profile). If you realise that you have taken action which has destroyed or may destroy the anonymity of your username, please notify us and we will issue to you either a new username and/or password. 

Please note that we do log and use statistical information in the aggregate. For example, we know the number of users who listen to a particular set. From this information we are able to compile statistics in the form of percentages of all users. As a service, we may supply certain aggregate statistical information to record labels and artists that allow us to stream their music on Play.FM in order to help them understand the likes and dislikes of music listeners. 

Please note that all personal information you display or communicate using our tracklist comments becomes public information and we are not responsible for any information you choose to make public. We may monitor such traffic via electronic software or otherwise in order to check for obscenity, defamation or abusive language, which we reserve the right to remove at any time. In addition, if you choose to personally communicate or meet with any other Play.FM user by exchanging postal/email addresses, telephone numbers or otherwise via the interactive functionality of Play.FM, you do so at your own risk. Play.FM cannot be held responsible for any consequences which flow from your decision to communicate or interact with other Play.FM users in places or under circumstances which we do not control. We advise you to use extreme caution whenever you socialise or interact with people whom you have met via the internet. 

We may display links to third party sites, however we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for those other sites, their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users. We advise you to check their privacy policies to find out how they are treating your personal information. 

We use cookies to help you use Play.FM but do not use cookies to capture personally identifiable information. Currently, we use “session” cookies, which means that they only last for as long as you are online. Only if you choose “Remember me” when logging in, cookies will last until you log out again. We use these cookies to identify you as a valid user, to ensure that no one else can simultaneously log in and use your profile and to help personalise your Play.FM experience in conjunction with your profile. 

Most browsers have cookies turned on as a default, but you can always disable cookies via your browser preferences. If you choose to disable cookies, however, you won't be able enjoy a significant proportion of Play.FM's functionality. Please remember that cookies cannot read your hard drive or give any information collected to any third party. A cookie can only be read by the organisation that sets it. 

Play.FM endeavours to protect the security of your information as much as we endeavour to protect our own information and network. We employ firewalls and store all of our files and information on secure terminals. In addition, all user passwords are protected by encryption technology. 

We realise and understand that many young people love music and will therefore visit Play.FM, however we encourage all persons under 12 to consult with their parents before submitting any information to Play.FM and indeed any other website. Having said this, we believe that ultimately it is the responsibility of parents to supervise children when online and we therefore recommend that parental control tools be put in place. 

We believe in privacy and therefore will take all reasonable measures to ensure that your personally identifiable information remains private. However, in the event that we are forced to disclose personally identifiable information by law (i.e. by court order), we will make such a disclosure without being in violation of this Policy. 

If Play.FM is acquired by another company or sells a portion of its assets to another company, it is likely that user information will be a part of the assets transferred. If as a result of such a business transition information is to be collected, used or disclosed in a manner or for a purpose different from that stated above, Play.FM will endeavour to notify all users of such changes. 

By disclosing any information to Play.FM through the website you consent to the collection, storage and use of such information by Play.FM as set out in this Policy and the Terms of Service. If Play.FM makes any changes to this Policy these changes will be detailed on this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed. If you are concerned about how your information is collected, used or disclosed, you should periodically check back at this page. If you have any specific concerns not addressed in the Policy, please contact us using [support@play.fm](mailto:support@play.fm). 
