> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the plays.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201194841id_/http%3A//plays.tv/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Plays.tv - Privacy Policy

Welcome to Plays.tv! Plays.tv is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of the Plays.tv Service.

If you have any questions regarding this information or our privacy practices, please see the section entitled "Questions? Contact Us" at the end of this privacy statement. This privacy statement is effective as of August 6, 2010.

This privacy policy covers all of the Plays.tv Service, but does not apply to information collected by third parties that Plays.tv does not control.

## Information you provide Plays.tv

Plays.tv does not collect personally identifiable information unless our visitors voluntarily provide it to us. We do, however, collect certain types of information and ask for personal information in certain circumstances, such as when you set up an account. The following sections describe what type of information we collect, when we collect it and how we use it.

**Registering an account.** In order to access certain services, content, or features, you may sign up for an account with Plays.tv. When you register and create an account, we require you to provide us your email address as well as a user name that you select. Once you register you can provide other information about yourself, such as your gender, current city, address, and date of birth. You can also provide information about your gaming preferences, such as what games or gaming consoles you own or enjoy playing.

## Information collected by Plays.tv

**Website and cookies.** As with most web sites, your computer sends information that gets logged by a web server when you browse the Plays.tv website. This typically includes your computer's IP address, operating system, browser name/version, the referring web page, requested page, date/time, and sometimes a "cookie" (which can be disabled using your browser preferences) to help the site remember your last visit. If you are logged in, this information is associated with your personal account. The information is also included in anonymous statistics to allow us to understand how visitors use our site.

We may from time to time implement "cookies" or other features to allow us or third parties to collect or share information that will help us improve our Site and the Plays.tv Service, or help us offer new services and features. A cookie is a small amount of data, that often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to a user's browser from a Web server and stored on a user's computer hard drive. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personal information about you. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site or the Plays.tv Service.

**Community & Support.** We provide customer service support through email and feedback forms. In order to provide customer support, we may ask for certain information regarding your account, such as verifying that you are the account owner. Aside from this information, we do not ask for any personal information to provide customer support. We only use information received from customer support requests, including email addresses, for customer support services and we do not transfer or share this information with any third parties. You can also post questions and answer other user questions in our community forums. Our forum and messaging services allow you to participate in our gaming community; to do so, we maintain information, such as your user ID, contact list, and status messages, including what game you are currently playing (if you explicitly choose to enable this option). In addition, these and similar services in the future may require us to maintain your User ID and password.

## Information Collected by Third Parties

**Google Analytics.** Our Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

**Third party downloads.** We, and third parties, may from time to time make software applications available for your use on or through the Plays.tv Service. These applications may separately access, and allow a third party to view, your identifiable information, such as your name, your user ID, your computer's IP Address or other information such as what game you are playing during any given session, and any cookies that you may previously have installed or that were installed for you by a third party software application or website. Additionally, these applications may ask you to provide additional information directly to third parties. Third party products or services provided through these applications are not owned or controlled by Plays.tv. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies published by such third parties on their websites or otherwise.

**Third party partners.** In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, we may choose various third party web sites to link to, and frame within, the Site. We may also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our visitors. However, even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or third party web sites (even if offered on or through our site) may not be received by us. As such, we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Our third-party ad partner uses non-personally identifiable information to make more intelligent ad decisions using cookies and other data. To check out or even opt-out, visit your Consumer Online Profile.

## Sharing information on Plays.tv

You should always consider your privacy settings before sharing information on Plays.tv.

**Your profile.** Plays.tv is designed to make it easy for you to find and connect with other gamers. For this reason, your profile itself is available for viewing by anyone. 

**Personal information.** Your Personal Info settings control who can see your age, location, and gaming identities. Remember that none of this information is required, and you do not have to share this information with anyone.

**Other.** Even after you remove information from your profile or deactivate your account, copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent it has been shared with others, it was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings, or it was copied or stored by other users. You understand that information might be reshared or copied by other users. Certain types of communications that you send to other users cannot be removed, such as messages.

## How do we use the information you provide us?

We may use the information you provide us in the following manner:

**To manage and customize the Service.** We may use the information we collect to tailor your experience through the Plays.tv Service by displaying content according to your interests and preferences, providing a faster method for you to access your account and submit information to us and allowing us to contact you, if necessary.

**To contact you.** We may contact you with Service-related announcements from time to time. You may opt out of all communications except essential updates on your Email Notifications page. In order to opt out of receiving email notifications and updates, please access the "Your Profile" area of the website and select the appropriate options.

**To make suggestions.** We use your profile information, your gaming information, including the games you own and play, and your friends' gaming information to make suggestions about other games you may like to play. For example, if another user owns the same games as you, and that user obtains a new game, we may suggest that you try that game.

**To help your friends find you.** We allow other users to use contact information they have about you, such as your email address, to find you, including through contact importers and search.

**To provide personalized advertising, offers, and to improve the Plays.tv Service.** We may provide aggregated information about our visitors to outside parties from time to time. We will never sell or rent your email address or any of your personal information. Unless we get your explicit approval in advance, we will only share your personal information as we believe is necessary to:

  * keep you updated, respond to, confirm or fulfill your requests, and notify you of service issues and unusual account actions;
  * enforce our Terms of Service;
  * protect personal safety and the rights, property or safety of others;
  * comply with laws or respond to legal processes;
  * allow for a change of ownership of Plays.tv and associated transfer of all personal information to the new owner of Plays.tv, in which case your information still remains protected under this Privacy Policy;
  * allow third party suppliers, vendors, contractors and other parties to provide products and services to us or to you, or to otherwise act on our behalf (this may include, without limitation, us authorizing such third parties to email our users regarding updates, surveys and other inquiries regarding their experience with the Plays.tv service);
  * allow for advertising and other audits, and surveys to, among other things, validate the size and composition of the gaming audience, and understand its experience with the Plays.tv service. This may require, among other things, disclosing your gaming history and/or disclosing records showing which games were viewed by which IP addresses.



We will also share statistical and demographic information about our users and their use of the Plays.tv Service with suppliers of advertisements and programming. This would not include anything that could be used to identify you or to discover individual information about you.

Additionally, you may elect to export your user activity feeds to other communication, social, and gaming networks (such as Facebook, Steam, or Twitter), which may be subscribed to by other users, which may include information regarding your game play, installation of games, connections with other users and other information about your account activity which is published as a feed on the Site.

## How does Plays.tv protect customer information?

We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems. User personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. We continue to store your personal information for so long as it is necessary to provide you our service and currently do not anticipate destroying old personal information. In most cases, we will at a minimum keep one archival copy of your information to allow us to comply with laws or respond to legal processes.

## How do you change the information we have for you?

To update, modify or delete the information that we have on file for your account, simply go to the "Your Profile" section of the Site, log in, then modify your details and settings as necessary. Please note that we require at least a valid email address from you in order to maintain your account.

If you want to stop using your account you may deactivate it. When you deactivate an account, no user will be able to see it, but it will not be deleted. We save your profile information in case you later decide to reactivate your account. You will still have the ability to reactivate your account and restore your profile in its entirety.

## Other Information

**No children under 13.** The Plays.tv Features are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information or non-personally-identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 nor is any part of our Site or other Plays.tv Service directed to children under the age of 13. We will close any accounts used exclusively by such children and will remove and/or delete any personal information we believe was submitted by any child under the age of 13.

**EU Safe Harbor Compliance.** We adhere to the European Safe Harbor principles as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personally identifiable information collected from citizens of the European Union.

For more information, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.

**Notification of changes.** By visiting the Site or using the Plays.tv Features, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as set forth in this privacy statement. If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes within this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

**Contacting us.** If you have any questions about our privacy practices or your dealings with the Plays.tv Features, please do not hesitate to contact privacy@plays.tv or Plays.tv, Inc., 701 N Shoreline Blvd, Mountain View, CA 94043

**Terms and Conditions.** Please also read the Terms of Service establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the Site and the Plays.tv Service.
