> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the playstationlifestyle.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100611211801id_/http%3A//playstationlifestyle.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PlayStation LifeStyle » Privacy Policy

_PlayStation LifeStyle’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites._

**Website Visitors**

Like most website operators, PlayStation LifeStyle collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. PlayStation LifeStyle’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how PlayStation LifeStyle’s visitors use its website. From time to time, PlayStation LifeStyle may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

PlayStation LifeStyle also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. PlayStation LifeStyle does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**

Certain visitors to PlayStation LifeStyle’s websites choose to interact with PlayStation LifeStyle in ways that require PlayStation LifeStyle to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that PlayStation LifeStyle gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who register at www.PlayStationLifeStyle.net to provide name and email address. Those who engage in transactions with PlayStation LifeStyle – by participating in a survey, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, PlayStation LifeStyle collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with PlayStation LifeStyle. PlayStation LifeStyle does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Aggregated Statistics**

PlayStation LifeStyle may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, PlayStation LifeStyle may monitor the most popular parts of the www.PlayStationLifeStyle.net site, and other activities. PlayStation LifeStyle may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, PlayStation LifeStyle does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**

PlayStation LifeStyle discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on PlayStation LifeStyle’s behalf or to provide services available at PlayStation LifeStyle’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using PlayStation LifeStyle’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. PlayStation LifeStyle will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, PlayStation LifeStyle discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when PlayStation LifeStyle believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of PlayStation LifeStyle, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a PlayStation LifeStyle website and have supplied your email address, PlayStation LifeStyle may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with PlayStation LifeStyle and our products. We primarily use our website, forums or comments to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. PlayStation LifeStyle takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. PlayStation LifeStyle uses cookies to help PlayStation LifeStyle identify and track visitors, their usage of PlayStation LifeStyle website, and their website access preferences. PlayStation LifeStyle visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using PlayStation LifeStyle’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of PlayStation LifeStyle’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**

Although most changes are likely to be minor, PlayStation LifeStyle may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in PlayStation LifeStyle’s sole discretion. PlayStation LifeStyle encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
