> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the playstudios.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121110202906id_/http%3A//playstudios.com/playstudios-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Qurious, Inc. and <strong>PLAY</strong>STUDIOS Privacy Policy | myVEGAS

YOU ARE PARTICIPATING IN A BETA TRIAL OF THE VIVA MYVEGAS SERVICE. ANY ITEMS THAT YOU ACQUIRE THROUGH OR DURING THE BETA TRIAL MAY BE LOST AT THE END OF THE BETA TRIAL. WE WILL RETAIN, HOWEVER, ANY INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU DURING THE BETA TRIAL. 

Qurious, Inc. and/or **PLAY** STUDIOS, Inc. ("Qurious", " **PLAY** STUDIOS","we" "us" or "our") values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. In this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), we describe the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of our Service and our Application, and the services offered on each (collectively, "Services"). By using any of our Services or visiting our Service or Application, you consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into the Qurious and **PLAY** STUDIOS Terms of Service. 

### What Information Do We Collect Directly From You and Why?

The information we collect from you allows you to use our Services and helps us to provide our Services to you, send you information or content in which you may be interested, and also use this information to personalize and continually improve our Services. Here are the types of information we gather: **Information We Collect Directly From You.** We do collect information from you if you log in using your Facebook username and password. **Information that We Collect About You from Facebook.** Facebook controls the information collected from you during the log-in process; Qurious and **PLAY** STUDIOS do not control the information that Facebook collects from you. We will also ask that you grant us permission to (i) access and collect your Facebook basic information (this includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address, and any other information you have set to public on your Facebook account); (ii) send you email; (iii) post to your Wall; (iv) access posts in your news feed; and (v) access your Facebook data at any time even if you are not using Facebook. Please note, if you allow Qurious and **PLAY** STUDIOS to have access to this information, then Qurious and **PLAY** STUDIOS will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For information about how Facebook may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the Facebook Privacy Policy. We have no control over how Facebook uses or discloses the personal information you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from Facebook along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you. 

### How Do We Use Your Information?

We use the information that we gather about you for the following purposes: o To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service purposes. o To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Services. o Where permitted by law, for marketing and promotional purposes; for example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to email you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions; we may also use the information that we learn about you to determine where to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites. o To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, for the purposes of improving our Services, analyzing player traffic and activity, and responding to user desires and preferences. o As required by law. 

### When and How Do Qurious and **PLAY** STUDIOS Share Information They Receive? 

We may share the information that we receive from you, including personally identifiable information, as follows: o **Qurious and **PLAY** STUDIOS Users.** Your username and any information that you post to Qurious and/or **PLAY** STUDIOS, including, without limitation, reviews, comments, scores, participation in the game, and other text will be available to all other Qurious and/or **PLAY** STUDIOS users. This information also will be searchable by all Qurious and/or **PLAY** STUDIOS users. o **Our Partners.** We may share certain information regarding your rewards with our partners. The partners will use this information solely for the purpose of determining your eligibility for the reward. Any information that you submit to a third party will be governed by that third party's website privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy. We do not share your personal information with our partners or other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. o **Service Providers.** We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf, including third parties that will assist us in responding to your inquiries. o **Business Transfers:** If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. o **In Response to Legal Process.** We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena. o **To Protect Qurious, **PLAY** STUDIOS, and Others.** We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy. o **Aggregate and Anonymized Information.** We may share aggregate or anonymized information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes. 

### How Secure Is Information About Me?

We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions, including, where appropriate, password protection, encryption, SSL, firewalls, and internal restrictions on who may access data to protect our Service and the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security all of the time. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your password private. Also, you should never share your log-in information with others. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. To change your Facebook password, you must go to the Facebook site and follow its procedures for changing your password. 

### Children Under 13

Our Services are not designed for children under 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems. 

### Terms of Service

Your use of our Services, as well as any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service, including applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. 

### How to Contact Us About Privacy

If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at info@myvegas.com or at: Attn: Privacy Department **PLAY** STUDIOS 10300 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 13272 Las Vegas, NV 89135 

### Changes to this Policy

This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to our Policy on our Sites, at www.myvegas.com. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site. 
