> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the d155.org privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081220164614id_/http%3A//www.d155.org/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Community High School District 155 Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**   
**Web Site Privacy** The District 155 Web site is maintainted by Community High School District 155 in order to best communicate information to its students, parents teachers, staff, and community at-large. The district collects general and personal data from visitors of the site including the following:  


  * Personal information submitted via forms available on the site. This includes activities such as completing a user survey or online application.
  * Information about general patterns of site use and utilization.

_Use of Personal Information_  
Personal information submitted will not be transferred to any non-affiliated third parties unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. Community High School District 155 takes reasonable precautions to protect your personal information. When you submit information via the Web site, it is protected both online and offline. When personal information is required, that information is stored in a secure file on our server or by authorized employees. This information is not accessible by others from the Web, and only those employees who need the information to perform a specific task, are granted access to personal information. The server used to store personal information is kept in a secure environment. 

While personal information is protected, we sometimes collect anonymous data about your computer's capabilities and/or your online browsing pattern. This information is used to improve the design of our web site.

 _Contact Information:_  
For comments, questions, or concerns about the district's privacy policy, or to be removed from our database, please contact the district at: 

> Send your request to the following address:  
>  Community High School District 155  
>  Attention: Director of Communications  
>  One South Virginia Road  
>  Crystal Lake, IL 60014
> 
> Or contact the district office at 815-455-8500

  

