> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the keepandshare.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140616082657id_/https%3A//www.keepandshare.com/business/privacyagreement.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Keep&Share - Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 8, 2013.

Thank you for your interest in using the KeepandShare online services operated by Gee Whiz Labs, Inc. (" **we** " or " **us** "). We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through your use of our website located at www.keepandshare.com (the " **KeepandShare Site** "), as well as any of our other websites, email messages, mobile applications, or other software containing a link to this Privacy Policy (each, together with the KeepandShare Site, a " **Site** "), and any products or services offered through any of our Sites (collectively, the " **KeepandShare Network** "). This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the KeepandShare Network.

**By using the KeepandShare Network, you explicitly consent to the use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy**. In addition, if you are the master account holder of a multi-user license for the KeepandShare Network, you must ensure that each user under such license has given express consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of such information according to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/Gee-Whiz-Labs,-Inc-/validation?rid=ac4f6682-41e9-4486-85d8-9a42bfe006ca "TRUSTe online privacy certification")

Gee Whiz Labs, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, www.keepandshare.com. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at [privacy@keepandshare.com](mailto:privacy@keepandshare.com), or Gee Whiz Labs, Inc., 725 Euclid Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94118. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request).

. Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you reside. YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR NAME AND OTHER INFORMATION BY WHICH SOMEONE COULD PERSONALLY IDENTIFY YOU (WHICH WE WILL REFER TO IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY COLLECTIVELY AS " **PERSONAL INFORMATION** ") ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AND IN THE UNITED STATES; UNITED STATES LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.

.

. We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how our users use the KeepandShare Network (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as " **Usage Data** "). For example, each time you visit the KeepandShare Site we may automatically collect your IP address (which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or other device when you use the internet), browser and computer type, access time, the Web page from which you came, the information for which you search, and the web page(s) that you access during your visit. We also use cookies (which are small amounts of data sent from a web server to your browser that are stored on your computer's hard drive) to keep track of your use of the KeepandShare Network, to validate your identity, to remember your password and preferences, to tailor the KeepandShare Network to meet your personal interests, to analyze trends in our users' behavior on the KeepandShare Network, and to maintain and improve the quality of the KeepandShare Network. We use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to play tutorial videos.

 

. Third parties who place advertisements on the Sites and third party service providers also may collect information automatically through cookies and other technology (such as pixel tags and Flash cookies) to ensure that their advertising systems and technologies work properly, to serve behavioral advertisements, to allow them to track responses to advertisements, and to help us better manage content on the KeepandShare Network by giving us information about the effectiveness and popularity of our content and features. Cookies, pixel tags, Flash cookies, and other similar technologies used by these third parties are governed by the privacy policies of those third parties.

. Generally, you can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you if you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to choose whether or not to accept the cookie (though these management tools usually will not remove Flash cookies). To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies [click here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note that if you do set your browser not to accept cookies, certain portions of the KeepandShare Network may not function properly.

.

. You can visit the KeepandShare Network without telling us who you are or revealing any other Personal Information. If, however, you wish to register to become a member of the KeepandShare Network, you are required to provide certain Personal Information (e.g., your name and e-mail address), and we ask that you also provide an account name and password. You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself (for example your gender) by which someone could not personally identify you (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as " **Non-Personal Information** ").

. You may choose to submit documents, photos, calendar entries, other information, other content, or edits to any information or content to the KeepandShare Network (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as "Stored Information") certain of which may be shared with other users of the KeepandShare Network as described in this Privacy Policy (in this Privacy Policy we will refer to Stored Information in your account that is shared with others collectively as " **Shared Information** ").

. We may provide you the ability to import your photos, your contact information, or other files from third party sites and services.  If you choose to import your files from a third party site or service, we will ask you for your user name and password for that site or service in order to allow you to sign into your account and import your files.

.

. We use your Usage Data, Personal Information, Non-Personal Information, Stored Information, and Shared Information (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as "User Information") to fulfill your requests for products and services, to maintain and improve our services, to allow other users of the KeepandShare Network to find your account, to contact you from time to time about us, the KeepandShare Network, our products and services, and our newsletters, to update and enhance our records, to provide you with technical support, and to investigate and ensure compliance with our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20140616082657id_/https%3A//www.keepandshare.com/business/subscriberagreement.php) and other agreements relating to the KeepandShare Network.

.  From time to time, we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the KeepandShare Network to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you.

.  From time to time, we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us (e.g., data management and storage services or credit card processing services). In those circumstances, we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services and require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information.

.  The KeepandShare Network enables you to designate individuals with whom you would like us to share your User Information (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as " **Friends** "), and enables you to identify, through the use of settings, which of your User Information will be available to which Friends. We may share your User Information with your Friends, however we will implement the settings you select with respect to how such information is shared (e.g., providing access, but not editing rights, to documents). By using sharing settings, you give people permission to access, download, embed on a website, link to, add to, edit, share, rate, review, comment on, and otherwise use Shared Information, as applicable. If you access another user's data, content, or other information through the KeepandShare Network (whether as a Friend, a guest, or otherwise), the KeepandShare Network may allow that user to see when and how you have accessed his or her data, content, and other information.

. So that other users of the KeepandShare Network can elect to designate you as one of their Friends, other users of the KeepandShare Network may search for your account by inputting all or a portion of your account name, first name, or last name, or your full email address. The KeepandShare Network may display certain of your User Information (such as your account name, first and last names, city, state, zip code, and country) in response to such searches, and may link to materials that you have made public under your account.

.  The KeepandShare Network will enable you to identify, through the use of settings, which of your User Information will be available publicly. If you identify any User Information as public, you are authorizing us to share such information publicly. For example, you may elect to make certain Stored Information (such as a calendar or photographs) publicly available. By choosing to identify any User Information as public, you understand and agree that anyone may access, disclose, index, archive, and otherwise use any information that you identify as public. If, for example, you make your email address public, someone else may try to send you unsolicited messages at that address. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to identify as public.

.  Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right, and you hereby expressly authorize us, to share any User Information: (1) to comply with applicable law, including in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process; (2) to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims, including to enforce our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20140616082657id_/https%3A//www.keepandshare.com/business/subscriberagreement.php) or any other agreement relating to the KeepandShare Network; (3) to address third party complaints of infringement or violation of any copyright, trademark, or other legal right; (4) if we believe it is necessary, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property, including our own; (5) if we believe it is necessary, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding significant abuse of the KeepandShare Network, its infrastructure, or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of information); (6) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy); (7) if we become the subject of bankruptcy proceedings, in which case we may share information about you and your usage with a bankruptcy trustee, debtor in possession, or subsequent purchaser of assets; and (8) if we are acquired by or merged with (or in discussions regarding being acquired by or merged with) another entity, to such entity.

. We do not control or manage the sharing or publication of information by users through the KeepandShare Network, and such users may possibly disclose Personal Information of other users or of third parties.

. If you use the KeepandShare Network through a multi-user license, the master account holder under that license will have access to the User Information stored in and relating to your account and will have administrative control over your account. Among other things, the master account holder will be able to set and revise the sharing controls on your account, log into your account, and change the password to your account. In addition, we may provide to the master account holder periodic reports of activity under your account.

.

. If you choose to use our guest sharing service or our 'Invite a Friend' referral service, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email , identifying you as the source of the invitation and inviting them to join the site. Your friend may contact us at privacy@keepandshare.com to request that we remove this information from our database.

. If another user of the KeepandShare Network invites you to access their data, content, or other information as a guest or invites you to the KeepandShare Network, they will provide your email address to us, and that email address will be associated with a username (which may be based on the first ("local") part of your email address) and a guest password that we provide to you. We store this information for the purposes of sending this one-time email, giving you access to your account, communicating with you about your account, and notifying you of changes to the KeepandShare Network or the terms applicable to it. If you wish, you may follow the instructions in the welcome email to close the account or instruct us to not send you any further emails.

. We allow you to add your friends', family's, and other contacts' names, email addresses, and other contact information to your account so that you may reference this information at any time.  In addition, if you send an email to the email address of a third party recipient through the KeepandShare Network, you may have the ability to save that email address to your account. We will use this contact information to store it for you, to share it for you on your request, and to send emails to your contacts on your request. If you wish to delete any of your friends', family's, and other contacts' contact information from your account, you may do so by accessing the contact within your KeepandShare Network address list and clicking "Delete Address".

. We may from time to time post user testimonials on our Sites which may contain Personal Information.  We will seek your consent if we post a user testimonial that contains your Personal Information.

.  We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us. If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity, please let us know by accessing and updating your account settings. You may opt-out from receiving marketing or newsletter email communications at anytime by clicking on the unsubscribe link located within each email communication. Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process. Even if you do take advantage of this option, we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the KeepandShare Network (e.g., about changes to this Privacy Policy) and to contact you regarding any of your transactions with us.

. If you would like to modify or delete from our database any User Information (other than Usage Data) you previously submitted to us, please let us know by accessing and updating your profile in your account settings. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill your request in a timely manner. However, even if we delete such User Information from our 'live' database, it may still be stored on other databases (including those kept for archival purposes). We may keep a record of all information that is changed or deleted, and we may determine what may be changed or deleted. For example, if we are required to keep track of certain kinds of transactions, you may be prevented from changing or deleting information relevant for those transactions. Please note that if you delete certain information, you may not be able to use certain features of the KeepandShare Network in the future without re-submitting such information. We are not responsible for removing information about you from the databases of any third parties to whom we were authorized to disclose your information prior to processing your request that we restrict the display or disclosure of this information.

. We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure, and when you enter certain sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). However, you should know that no company, including ours, can fully eliminate security risks associated with the disclosure of Personal Information. Neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit crimes, make mistakes, or fail to follow policies. As a result, while your privacy is very important to us, we cannot fully ensure that your Personal Information (or any other of your User Information) will not be disclosed to third parties. If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty with respect to your information, you agree that the standard used to measure our compliance with that duty will be one of intentional misconduct.

.  The KeepandShare Network is not intended for storage, display, or transmission of any "protected health information" as defined in the federal regulations implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), or any similar state or federal law. Accordingly, the privacy and security provisions of this Privacy Policy should not be interpreted to incorporate any data protection standards of the HIPAA regulations.

.  The KeepandShare Network may contain links to other websites and may enable you to use third party products and services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices applicable to any such other website or such third party products or services and urge you to review such policies and practices prior to submitting any information to such websites or in connection with such third party products and services.

.  We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The KeepandShare Network is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.

. We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information, we will inform you of such change prior to the change becoming effective by posting notice of such change on the user news page of www.keepandshare.com, or by sending notice of such changes to you at the email address we have on file for you (if applicable). If you continue to use any portion of the KeepandShare Network after the effective date of a modification, you will be deemed to have read, understood and agreed to the Privacy Policy as modified. Any modified version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date set forth in the modified version.

.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at [privacy@keepandshare.com](mailto:privacy@keepandshare.com), or Gee Whiz Labs, Inc., 725 Euclid Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94118. When we need to contact you, we may do so to an email address that we have on file for you, or we may post a notice on the KeepandShare Network. This includes any notices that we may be required to send you by law, such as those regarding the breach of any security systems.
