> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hitask.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230073212id_/http%3A//hitask.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HiTask: Privacy policy

Enargi Consulting respects your privacy. We developed Privacy Policy to show our engagement into defending your privacy and to opening our information and privacy practices for www.hitask.com. We keep the right to amend this Policy and will inform you of such amendments via email or our website. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@hitask.com](mailto:privacy@hitask.com). 

  1. #### INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Enargi Consulting collects personal information from clients who sign up with our services. When clients sign up with our services, we require a username, password, email address, first and last name. We use the client sign up information to authenticate users and allow access to service. We also use the email addresses used while sign up process to communicate with the clients. Enargi Consulting may get in touch with you via email to let you know about the amendments to its services, support messages, news about Enargi Consulting and marketing materials from Enargi Consulting. Enargi Consulting logs cumulative user statistics and website traffic within hitask.com. This information comprises website usage statistics, date and time of visits, browser type, etc. We improve our services based on this information, by analyzing and diagnosing problems and website use trends. Enargi Consulting may expose cumulative use statistics (e.g. 90% of hitask.com users visit the website daily) to present our services to possible partners, advertisers, and other third parties for legitimate reasons. Enargi Consulting will never disclose such data on a user or identifiable basis to third parties unless when asked to comply with laws that demand such disclosure to law enforcement authorities. You may delete your hitask.com account as well as your personally identifiable information at any moment by getting in touch with us at [support@hitask.com](mailto:support@hitask.com) explicitly stating that you would like to deactivate your account and delete such information. In accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) Enargi Consulting doesn’t collect intentionally personally identifiable information from nor solicit children under the age of thirteen (13) years of age. Other than as stated in this Privacy Policy, never will Enargi Consulting share, rent or sell your identifiable personal information to any third parties without your clearly stated consent. 
  2. #### PUBLIC FORUMS

Enargi Consulting may produce, host and provide discussion forums, chat rooms, newsgroups, blogs and other public areas to the general public and its customers. Any information shared in these environments is treated as public information and each user is responsible for and should exercise caution when disclosing any personal information on such forums. Enargi Consulting is not responsible for any action taken as a result of information presented or received in public forums, whether moderated or hosted by Enargi Consulting or not. If you post personal information in any of our public forums, you may receive unsolicited email and communications from other parties. 
  3. #### COOKIES

Enargi Consulting uses cookies to store and track information about client use of Enargi Consulting services. Cookies are encoded and unidentifiable blocks of data sent to your browser from a web server. Cookies are kept on your computer. Cookies are created when you register, or log in or log out of Enargi Consulting services. Cookies could hold your login data so that you can avoid entering that every time you log in to Enargi Consulting services. We may also use cookies to collect cumulative information on the website use. We may use cookies to assess quantity of simultaneous users, total number of users, traffic volume and to understand use of our services. We may share this data, in its cumulative form, with advertisers, affiliates and partners who may advertise on our website and services. 
  4. #### PASSWORDS

Your hitask.com account information, username, password and customer profile are password-protected so that you have secure access to entering and editing personal information. It is the user's responsibility to protect the security of their password. Access to hitask.com services are protected by a unique username and password that is known by you only. Enargi Consulting has designed internal security processes that encrypt customer passwords to protect it from being divulged or accessed by anyone other than you. Neither Enargi Consulting employees nor any of its contractors can obtain or access your password. Enargi Consulting employees nor any of its contractors will ask you for your password via mail, email or telephone nor any other unsolicited manner. 
  5. #### THIRD PARTY LINKS

When customers and users access and use hitask.com, there may be links to websites and services operated by third parties. Enargi Consulting makes no representations or warranties about the policies of third party websites that are linked to Enargi Consulting or any of its services. Enargi Consulting recommends that you read the privacy policies posted by those third party websites. 
  6. #### SECURITY

Enargi Consulting stores its servers in a highly secure server environment with 24 X 7 monitoring, surveillance and support to prevent unauthorized access and data security. Advanced security measures including firewalls, security guards and surveillance are taken to ensure the continued service and protection of your data from natural disaster, intruders and disruptive events. We cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted over the Internet and through servers that are out of our control. We strive to protect your personal information but Enargi Consulting cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to our website or services. Any data transmissions you make over the internet are done so at your own risk. Once we receive the data transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security and privacy on our systems. 
  7. #### FURTHER QUESTIONS

If you have further questions about our Privacy Policy, email us at [support@hitask.com](mailto:privacy@hitask.com). 


