> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hitwebdirectory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180903123124id_/http%3A//www.hitwebdirectory.com/privacy_policy_hitwebdirectory.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SEO Free Web directory for free website submission. Web Hosting Search Engine Optimization websites. PR internet directory, Business directory and yellow pages.- hitwebdirectory privacy policy statement

hitwebdirectory.com maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information submitted to our sites, and periodically reviews and updates its security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Although we strives to protect your personal information, we can not ensure or warranty the security of any information you may transmit to us. This is done so at your own risk. Once we do receive your transmission, however, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.

**Cookies**

Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard-drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies, which are an industry standard used by most Web sites, including those operated by us, can facilitate a user's ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising. Our Cookies are no programs that can cause damage to a user's systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature. But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as adding your personal favourites.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on hitwebdirectory.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html

**Links to Third Party and Co-Branded Sites**

Hitwebdirectory has established many links directly to sites operated by third parties. These sites are not operated or maintained by hitwebdirectory.com These sites may collect personal information from you. You should check the applicable privacy policy's of the third party site's in case you enter these sites.  


hitwebdirectory.com chooses its advertisers and business partners carefully. However, hitwebdirectory.com is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. These links are meant for the user's convenience only. Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by hitwebdirectory.com of the content, policies or practices of such third party sites. Once you enter a third party site by such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site.
