> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vmware.jobs privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119213555id_/http%3A//www.vmware.com/help/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# VMware Privacy Policy - Personal Information Protection

##### Cookies, Logging and Spotlight Tags

VMware uses cookies on some of its web sites. Information collected by cookies (as described below) may be tagged to your personal information, including your contact information, device information or other personal information which you have provided to VMware.

Cookies are small amounts of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can help a website recognize repeat users and allow a website to track web usage behavior. Cookies work by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning website. If a cookie is placed, thereafter when you visit a web site, a message is sent back to the web server by the browser accessing the web site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, and you may also elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. However, not utilizing cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and features of web sites.

VMware uses some cookies that are strictly necessary for the delivery of services on our website. Cookies that are strictly necessary allow us to improve the safety and security of our website, authenticate account users, allow you to access your private accounts on our site, allow you to sign into many portals with the use of only one login, balance the traffic on our site, and remember information that you have submitted on forms when you request services on our site.

VMware also uses cookies to improve our services and personalize your web-browsing experience, such as by gaining a better understanding of your interests and requirements regarding our website. Cookies that VMware uses to improve your website experience may remember your language and site preferences, invite you to participate in surveys and evaluations, show you when you are logged into our system and allow you to remain logged-in for a period of time, provide you with support services including our live chat service, remember your login information, and prepopulate forms that you have already completed.

VMware also uses 'performance' cookies that collect information about how you use and navigate through our websites, including which pages and content you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies provide statistics on how our website is used and how often you visit our site. Performance cookies help us improve our website by measuring any errors, test different designs on our site, and help us measure the traffic on our site so that we can optimize our content accordingly.

Some VMware pages use cookies that permit select third party partners, including Google, Adobe, Oracle and Demandbase, to serve you VMware-related content, including VMware advertisements, on their sites or elsewhere on the Internet. This is based on your prior visits to our site. Additionally, third parties may use cookies to allow you to link to social networking sites like Facebook and LinkedIn, collect information about page visits, and may analyze your activity and your purchase selections in our online store. As noted above, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. Alternatively you may use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. You may also opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting <http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/>, and you may opt out of Adobe’s use of cookies and web beacons by visiting [http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#](http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#4)4    


As is true of most websites, VMware collects and/or logs Internet Protocol addresses, Internet domain names, the web browser and operating system used to access the VMware web site, the website visitor’s location, the files visited, the time spent in each file, and the time and date of each visit. VMware collects these through the use of log files and web beacons.
