> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ebesucher.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231235622id_/http%3A//www.ebesucher.com/datenschutz.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eBesucher: Earn money with our visitor- and mail exchange

We appreciate your interest in our website. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Therefore, we would like to inform you regarding the way we would use your personal data. 

## Data Privacy Statement (Collection, Processing and Use of Your Data)

You can browse our site without revealing your identity. When you open an account, we will ask for your name, email address, address, company name and other information.

We will use your data in order to provide you with the services that you expect and to process the contractual relationship between you and us, this also includes the processing of payments. Unless you have given your permission, we will also use your data to send you our newsletter as well as emails with references to websites or advertising messages from other participants or third parties. If you use the surfbar, we collect and process your data in accordance with the consent granted. The consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future, by unsubscribing to the newsletter, the receiving of emails or the use of the surfbar.

We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, for example the sending of SMS. These service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their duties. However, they may not use it for other purposes. In addition, they are obliged to treat the information in accordance with this privacy policy and the relevant data protection laws.

We may disclose data of our customers when we are legally obliged to do so or if such disclosure is necessary to enforce our general terms and conditions, protect our rights, the rights of our customers and those of third parties.

## Automatically Collected Data, Cookies

When you visit our website, our web server automatically records the IP address, the web site from which you have been referred, the pages you visit on our site, the date and duration of your visit, as well as some of the information normally transmitted by the browser. We use the information to improve our website and to increase security. The collected data will not be assigned to any particular person, neither do we synchronize them with other data sources.

Our website uses market-based techniques such as cookies or web tracking pixel (invisible images). We hereby intend to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. Furthermore, our aim is to customize the advertising on your interests. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your Internet browser, they enable the Internet browser to be recognized. In addition to so-called session cookies that are automatically deleted when you log out or close your browser, we also use so-called persistent cookies, denoting a recurring user. Our cookies do not harm your computer.

You can prevent cookies from being saved on your computer by altering your browser settings. Of course, you can delete the corresponding cookies at any time. If you delete or set your browser to reject our cookies, this may impair the functionality of the website.

## Web Analytics

We use Piwik, an open source software for statistical analysis of visitors who access our website. Piwik uses so-called cookies, text files that are being stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie will be stored on our servers in Germany. The IP address is anonymized immediately after processing and before storage. 

You can prevent cookies from being saved on your computer by altering your browser settings. Please note that this may impair the functionality of the website. You can also object the data acquisition through Piwik by choosing to store a so-called “opt-out cookie” on your computer. This contradiction is valid as long as you do not delete the cookie. The cookie is set for the named domain, the browser and the computer. If you visit our website with different browsers, you would have to set the cookie on each computer and browser. If you choose to object the analysis through Piwik, please activate the checkbox below.

Below, you can decide whether a unique web analytics cookie may be stored on your browser, which allows the operator of the website to collect and analyze various statistical data. If you object, please activate the checkbox below in order to set the Piwik opt-out cookie in your browser.

## Hyperlinks, Third-Party Websites, Social Plugins

The site may contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that we can not assume any responsibility or liability for third-party content or privacy policies. Please inform yourself about the applicable terms of use before you submit any personal data to these websites.

Our website uses the Facebook “Like” –Button (Facebook-Like-Button). In case you like a website, this button allows you to quickly and easily connect with friends and acquaintances. The button is initially inactive, so that no data is transmitted. Only once you press the button, your browser will connect to the Facebook server. This data is transmitted to Facebook, possibly to its data centers in the United States. We can not assume responsibility or liability for the local data processing and encourage you to read the current “Data Use Policy” of Facebook. Our website also uses the "Recommend at Facebook" (the Facebook-Share-Button), pressing this button will also transmit data to Facebook. 

## Forum

By registering with our service, you are also entitled to publish your own posts under your username in our forum. Your username as well as all posts in our forums are public and can be read by everyone. They are recognized by the search engines like e.g. Google.

## Right to Information

According to the Federal Privacy Act, you have a right to free information regarding your stored data, and a right to rectification, blocking or erasure of data.

## Responsible Party and Contact for Privacy

As the operator of the website eBesucher, the TurboAd GmbH, Naumannstr. 10, D-10829 Berlin is the responsible authority for the personal data of its users. For questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal data, in case of inquiries, correction, blocking or deletion of data and revocation of consents granted, please contact:   


## Changes to this Privacy Statement

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time with effect for the future. A current version is available on the website. Please search the website on a regular basis and inform yourself about the applicable data protection regulations.

## Data Protection / Data Security Terms

During the ordering process, your personal data will be encrypted through SSL and sent over the Internet. We secure our website and other systems through technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. Access to your account is only possible after entering your personal password. At any time, you should treat your access information confidential and close the browser window when you have finished communicating with us, especially if you share your computer with others.

Last changed: 25.06.2014
