> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vakthaa.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110530024427id_/http%3A//www.vakthaa.tv/page.php%3Fpage%3D6%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Vakthaa.TV ("Vakthaa") recognizes that its visitors, members, users, and others who use the Website at www.vakthaa.tv (the "Vakthaa Website"), (collectively or individually you, your, "Users") value their privacy. This Privacy Notice provides important information about the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Vakthaa Website. Vakthaa provides this Privacy Notice to help you understand what information Vakthaa collects and how that information will be used.  
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject to the Vakthaa Terms of Use. Your use of the Vakthaa Website and any personal information you provide on the Vakthaa Website remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use.  
By participating, using or viewing the Vakthaa Website or any content thereof, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the Vakthaa Website or its Content. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of the Vakthaa Website following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept those changes. If you have any questions or comments about the Vakthaa privacy policy, please contact us.

**The Information Collected by Vakthaa  
**  
Information Provided by You: You provide personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) to Vakthaa when you become a member of the Vakthaa community and other information by choosing to participate in various activities on the Vakthaa Website (such as uploading videos, posting comments or messages, participating in discussions, etc.).  
Cookies: Use of "Cookies" is standard in the Internet industry. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are sent to your computer and uniquely identify your browser. Cookies make web surfing easier by saving passwords, and preferences while you're at a website. When you visit the Vakthaa Website, we may send one or more cookies to your computer. Some cookies are temporary and will disappear after you close your browser, but others will stay on your computer. If you wish to remove cookies from your hard drive, follow your web browser's help file directions. You can also reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Vakthaa Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.   
Traffic Data: When you use the Vakthaa Website, our servers automatically log certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. This information may include information such as your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.   
Tracking Usage Patterns: Vakthaa tracks usage patterns and collects other non-personally-identifiable information about use of the Vakthaa Website. We may employ various tracking technology including "clear GIFs" (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users (in a way that does not collect or disclose personally-identifiable information), and clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to you to track which emails are opened by recipients.

**The Way Vakthaa Uses Information  
**  
Personally identifiable information that you submit to us through the Vakthaa Website will be used by Vakthaa to provide to you the features and functionality of the Vakthaa Website and to operate and maintain the Vakthaa Website.  
Any personal information, text or other content that you voluntarily provide in the course of your use of the Vakthaa website, including but not limited to, information in your Member Profile, by participating in polls, discussions, comments and communities, is publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your User Name (but not your email address) is displayed to other Users in connection with the polls you create and messages you post in discussions. Any information that you post on the Vakthaa Website may be redistributed through the Internet and may be viewed by the general public. We will not sell or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information to third parties. However, Vakthaa may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial and marketing messages, and market research related surveys and other offers to you. You have an opportunity to opt-out of any such programs by clicking on the opt-out link provided in the footer of each such email. We will also use your email address for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major Vakthaa Website changes or for customer service purposes).   
We will also use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as usage data, server log information, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, other technical data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Vakthaa Website and to create new features, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.   
We use cookies, "clear GIFs", and log file information to: (a) to assist with your use of the Website by "remembering" information so that you will not have to re-enter it during subsequent visits to the Vakthaa Website; (b) provide customized, personalized content and information for you; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics (such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.); and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.

**When Vakthaa Discloses Information  
**  
We will not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.  
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as traffic information and usage tracking information) with interested third parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Vakthaa Website.   
We may provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons in connection with the limited purpose of outsourcing of technical functions. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our privacy policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.   
We reserve the right to release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.   
Vakthaa also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally identifiable information that Vakthaa believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions to avoid liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our website, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Vakthaa, our Users or others.

**Your Options  
**  
You may decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Vakthaa Website, but if you do, certain aspects of the Vakthaa experience will not be available to you. You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting the Controls section on the My Dashboard page. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access, or making corrections, to your profile. It is your responsible to maintain the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

**Advertising Policy, Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites  
**  
Vakthaa allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Vakthaa Website. These advertisements fund the Vakthaa site and it's operation. It is important to note that they have no influence over the content of Vakthaa and that we have placed descriptive text near all advertisements, clearly labeled with the words "Advertisement" or "Ads By."  
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Vakthaa Websites. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies or other tracking technologies) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see.   
Vakthaa does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if you respond to any advertisements, the advertiser or ad-server may collect certain information about you.   
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks (see links below) for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Vakthaa's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.   
Data Security Vakthaa uses commercially reasonable safeguards (physical, managerial, and technical) to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Vakthaa and you transmit any such information at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Vakthaa makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If Vakthaa learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.

**Children’s' Privacy  
**  
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Vakthaa does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable information on the Vakthaa Website from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Vakthaa Website at any time or in any manner. If Vakthaa learns that personally identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected on the Vakthaa Website without verified parental consent, then Vakthaa will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.

**Changes to this Privacy Notice  
**  
This Privacy Notice may be revised from time to time and this will be reflected by the "effective date" below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we use your personal information only in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when we received the personal information you provided. Your continued use of the Vakthaa Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions.
