> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nursinglink.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-01-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090109172010id_/http%3A//www.nursinglink.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nursing Link : Where Nurses Call the Shots

### Overview

NursingLink is committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. NursingLink is a property of Monster Worldwide. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the NursingLink , Monster and Affinity Communities Sites (including, but not limited to, InsideTech, NursingLink, TechCommunity, The Apple, GovCentral, and FireLink) (sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Monster Sites" or “Affinity Communities”) and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion. Your data will be stored and processed in the United States. The information we gather on the Monster Sites may be shared within the Monster-affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver the products and services we offer to employers such as searches for job seekers or in order to undertake analysis of our database such as aggregate profiling of our registered users, or in order to connect job seekers with communities of like-minded professionals as well as vocation, profession, or interest-focused resources. "Affiliated companies" means entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Monster, Inc. The Monster Sites contain links to other Web sites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other Web sites to which you choose to link from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other Web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.

### Collection and Use of Information by Monster

In some areas of the Monster Sites we may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, social security number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas, we collect or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two typ
