> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tiqiq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130928014557id_/http%3A//www.tiqiq.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TiqIQ Privacy

**1\. Introduction**  
This Privacy Policy discloses and covers all of the privacy practices of TiqIQ, including as they relate to†TiqIQ’s website, the related services offered thereon and any services provided by TiqIQ through its partner websites (collectively, the “Site”). We understand and respect the privacy concerns of our users, and we have made it a critical focus of the Site to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal information you provide us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing or using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to all the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please exit this page and do not access or use the Site. 

**2\. The Information We Collect**  
We may collect two types of information: Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII). PII is information that identifies a specific user of the Site. When you engage in certain activities on the Site, such as deal alerts or favorite team registrations, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. You do not have to engage in the activities in which we ask you to provide such information. But if you choose to do so, we may ask you to provide certain personal information, such as your first and last name, gender, email address and date of birth. Depending on what activity you are engaged in, some of the information that we request will be identified as mandatory or as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. 

We collect PII when you use a Facebook login on our website, which is required to sell tickets with our ticket selling service, SellerDirect, to RSVP to events on our website, and to use our social event discovery tool. TiqIQ connect™, our Facebook® app, powers the login and experience associated with each of the aforementioned TiqIQ services. We are serious about protecting your privacy, and a Facebook login is the most secure login option available. We will never disclose your information to a third party. Any information we collect will only be used to provide support, service, product updates, or ticket offerings and/or information from TiqIQ. 

Non-PII is information that does not identify a specific user. We, our affiliates and independent publishers, with whom we enter into agreements with to use our ticket aggregation and integration platform (our “Publisher Partners”), may automatically collect Non-PII information when you visit the Site, through the use of a variety of tools including cookies (small text files that are stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes and which contains information about that user),†web beacons or pixel tags (small graphic images placed on the Site pages and emails that allow the sender or page host us to determine whether you have performed a specific action) or other available data analysis or collection technologies. 

We may use Non-PII information cookies to show our ads to users on sites across the Internet.  Third parties, such as Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s past visits to our website.  Visitors can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's[ Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/settings/ads). Alternatively, visitors can opt out of all third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the[ Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

**3\. How We Use and Share Information**  
We use your information to provide products and services to you, to enhance the operation of the Site, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze Site use and trends, to improve our product and service offerings, to tailor your experience with third parties, to troubleshoot and resolve disputes, to gather demographic data, to accomplish administrative tasks, to contact you (see E-Mail Communications section below), to deliver relevant offers, advertisements and promotions (on the Site, on our Publisher Partner websites or on other third-party websites) and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content and programming efforts. We may share your PII with anyone who performs a function on our behalf, our Publisher Partners, our ticket providers or suppliers for the Site, advertisers, and with any person or entity that has acquired all or any part of our business or assets. We may also share or disclose PII in order to comply with applicable law, court order or other requirement of a governmental authority, to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site or other persons. We may share, disclose or sell Non-PII to any person or entity for any purpose. 

**4\. E-Mail Communications**  
To facilitate your ability to take advantage of ticket offers on the Site, we may send emails to anyone who gives us their email address with offers or information that we believe will be of interest to you. We will secure a user’s permission to use his/her Facebook email address, which is collected via the Facebook logins that are required to use our ticket selling service, SellerDirect, to RSVP to events on our website, and to use our social event discovery tool. TiqIQ connect™, our Facebook® app, powers the login and experience associated with each of the aforementioned TiqIQ services. We will never disclose your email to a third party. Any email collected via TiqIQ connect will only be used to provide support, service, product updates, or ticket offerings and/or information from TiqIQ. If you decide that you are no longer interested in receiving email communications from us, you may follow the instructions in our emails to unsubscribe from our email list. 

**5\. Privacy Policies of Third Parties**  
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you. Other websites, such as (i)†our Publisher Partner websites, (ii)†websites that you may have clicked-on that directed you to the Site or (iii)†websites that may be accessible to you by clicking-through the Site, have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you visit any such website, we encourage you to review that website’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. 

**6\. Editing or Removing Your Profile Information**  
To the extent we permit you to activate a user profile on the Site, we will permit you to change your profile settings or delete your profile entirely. Even after you remove your information from your profile or delete your account, copies of your information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent it has been shared with others or it was copied or stored by other users. We may also be required to retain your information by law or for legitimate business purposes, such as to prevent identity theft or other misconduct. 

**7\. Storage and Protection of Information**  
We believe the security of your information is a serious issue. We use commercially reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your information under our control. Notwithstanding such measures, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site. We also are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information. You acknowledge that all discussion for ratings, comments, bulletin board service, chat rooms and/or other message or communication facilities (collectively, “Public Forums”) are public and not private communications, and others may read your communications without your knowledge. We do not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Public Forum, and, therefore, we specifically disclaim any liability concerning Public Forums and any claims or injuries resulting from your participation in any Public Forum, including any objectionable content. Generally, any communication which you post to the Site (whether in chat rooms, discussion groups, message boards or otherwise) is considered to be non-confidential. If particular web pages permit the submission of communications that will be treated by us as confidential, that fact will be stated on those pages. By posting comments, messages or other information on the Site or any Public Forum, you grant us the right to use such comments, messages or information for promotions, advertising, market research or any other lawful purpose without territorial, time or other limitation. 

**8\. Miscellaneous Privacy Issues**  
**Children**. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known by us to be under the age of 13, and no part of the Site is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 may only use the Site under the supervision and direction of a parent or legal guardian. Minors under the age of 13 should not use the Site. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us.   
**Public Areas**. There are sections of the Site where users can publicly post information about themselves, communicate with others, review goods and services, and submit content. Such information may be accessible to other people and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. We have no control over who accesses these postings or what such persons may do with this information. 

**9\. Changes to Privacy Policy**  
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective immediately when posted on the Site. It is the responsibility of each user to review the Site and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@tiqiq.com](mailto:privacy@tiqiq.com). Last Updated: June 26th, 2010 
