> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nhl.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021123125649id_/http%3A//nhl.com/nhlhq/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NHL.com - NHL Headquarters

_Your privacy is important to us. NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises, LLC ("NHL ICE") and its affiliates (collectively, the "NHL Parties") are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information._

  * We may request personal information from you such as name, home address, e-mail address, age and favorite NHL team for purposes such as newsletter, chat room, contest and auction registrations, and for participation in other promotions and interactive online activities. Additionally, certain third parties (such as companies that run certain fantasy game areas on the website) may collect data from you and share some of the data with us. On these parts of the website, you will see additional information about the privacy practices of the companies who actually collect the data, including information on how to opt out of having these companies use your data for purposes unrelated to providing you the services that you are requesting from this website. 
  * We may use your personal information to send marketing communications to you. We may also share data with the member teams of the National Hockey League and with affiliates of the NHL Parties. While most of our fans appreciate receiving marketing communications and having their data shared with their favorite NHL teams, we respect the right of each fan to control how his or her personal information is used. If you do not want us to provide your data to our teams and/or affiliates, or if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can opt out when the data is collected. Additionally, you can opt out of receiving information from the NHL Parties at any time by filling out the form on <http://nhl.ed4.net/enroll/login.cfm> to update your profile. 
  * Unless you have opted out, we may also use your data to send you offers from our corporate marketing partners and other business partners. In addition, from time to time we may share your data with certain of these partners so that they may send you offers directly, but in such instances we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of having your data shared with them when the data is collected. Finally, we do provide personal data to agents who perform services for us (such as fulfillment companies), but these agents are contractually prohibited from using the data for any other purposes. If you would like more information on our data sharing practices or the choices you have with regard to your data, please email [nhlemails@nhl.com](mailto:nhlemails@nhl.com?subject=Privacy). 
  * When you voluntarily provide us with your personal information, we assume you consent to its collection, use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Statement, subject to any uses and disclosures from which you have opted out. In some circumstances, we may expressly request your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information. In some limited circumstances where authorized or required by law, we may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent. 
  * Only authorized employees and agents of the NHL Parties who need access to your personal information in the course of their duties will have access to the information. If you wish to access your information or make corrections to it, please send an e-mail to [nhlemails@nhl.com](mailto:nhlemails@nhl.com?subject=Privacy). 
  * From time to time, we may place a "cookie" on your computer. Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies as well. A cookie is a file written to your computer's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage, such as your IP address, browser type, or domain name. Also, if you submit personal information to our web site (such as your name, interests or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits. We use cookies to enable features such as our QuickPoll and our online store and for other internal site administration purposes. In addition, our ad servers may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this and other web sites to customize delivery of advertisements to this and other web sites. You may elect not to have such information used by our ad servers for such purpose by opting out at the web site located at <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>. You may also set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance of our web site. 
  * Web servers operated by us and by third party service providers and advertisers may automatically collect non-personal information about which pages you visit, as well as your IP address or domain name. We may use this information for various purposes, such as tailoring our web site content, targeting promotional messages, and assessing the amount of traffic to various parts of our web site. We may also provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers. 
  * We use [Red Sheriff Inc. Measurement Systems](http://www.redsheriff.com/6.0.0.htm) to analyze the user experience on our websites. This analysis is performed using anonymous data collected from our websites. No personally identifiable information is ever collected by Red Sheriff Inc. Systems and we cannot link this anonymous statistical data to any personal information you may have otherwise volunteered to us. 
  * Upon written request, you have the right to access your file and to challenge or request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date personal information about you. In some limited circumstances, we may not be able to grant you access to your information, for example, if doing so would threaten the security of another individual. If you have any comments or questions about our privacy or security practices or about the information you have submitted to us, including its accuracy or integrity, or if you wish to change your preferences as to how we use the information, please send an e-mail to [nhlemails@nhl.com](mailto:nhlemails@nhl.com?subject=Privacy). 
  * We have security measures in place against unauthorized access, disclosure, loss or destruction of personal information. These measures may include technological, physical and organizational methods of security. 
  * Please note that the nhl.com website contains links to websites that are not operated by the NHL Parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, and we recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each site that you use to confirm that the site's policies are acceptable to you. 
  * The nhl.com website is operated by NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises, LLC, for the benefit of the National Hockey League member teams, our affiliates and corporate sponsors. All questions about our policies related to children's data and our data sharing practices should be directed to NHL ICE at [nhlemails@nhl.com](mailto:nhlemails@nhl.com?subject=Privacy). 



The NHL Parties reserve the right to modify this Statement at any time. Please review this Statement from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms. Your continued use of the nhl.com website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Statement. This Statement relates to all on-line activities of the NHL Parties. This Statement applies to off-line activities of the NHL Parties only where specified in the related off-line materials. 

**Children's Privacy Statement (users under 13 years old)**

 _At NHL.com, we take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously. It is the intention of NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises, LLC, the operator of this website, to fully comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Guidelines promulgated by the Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau._

  * In general, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 via the website, and we use age screening mechanisms to help prevent children from posting data on the website, such as in our fan chat rooms. We do not require children to register or to otherwise disclose personal information to participate in the activities in the KIDS section of our website. 
  * From time to time, we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests via the NHL.com website. In this case, the child will be asked only to provide his or her first name and email address, as well as his or her parent's name and email address. We will use the information only to notify the contest winners, and will require that the winner's parent provide us with whatever information is needed to provide the prize. 
  * We may also post information on the website about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information (such as home address or favorite hockey team) to enter. For these contests, children will be required to print a paper entry form from the website and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us. Children are not permitted to provide personal information via the website in respect of these promotions or to enter these contests online. 

  
 
