> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cmpfo.gov.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215152750id_/http%3A//cmpfo.gov.in/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Coal Mines Providend Fund Organisation

Coal Mines Provident Fund Organisation (CMPFO) is committed for ensuring that to protect the privacy of it`s customers. CMPFO shall ask you to provide certain informations by which you can be identified when using this website, You can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. 

  1. This privacy policy provides you with an insight into the manner of collections, use, disclosure and security of your personal information. 
  2. What constitutes "personal information"? Personal Information is information and / or data which enables CMPFO to identify you and assists us in serving you better. We assume that the personal information disclosed by you to CMPFO is accurate and complete. You undertake to intimate us in case there is any change in the personal information. 
  3. CMPFO may use this personal information for the purposes of Verification of your identity, Providing assistance in relation to Contribution payment, identification, management and improvement of services to assess credit worthiness- Ascertaining your needs / requirements to enhance our services to meet your expectations in a better way 
  4. CMPFO may also use such personal information to communicate you about new services including by way of direct mail/SMS. You acknowledge that such personal information may be analyzed, processed and used by other offices of CMPFO for providing services. 
  5. CMPFO will share such personal information with concerned Ministries, Banks and Payment Gateway service provider. As clarified above, CMPFO may from time to time appoint agencies to provide with CMPFO’s services and or promote its services , and for this purpose your personal information may be disclosed to such agencies. 
  6. CMPFO clarifies that, for promptness and completeness of delivering its services to you, CMPFO may have to or be required to disclose the personal information to entity (ies) within and outside CMPFO. These organizations are involved in providing – Contribution recovery services through PavGov. CMPFO will take all possible measures to ensure that your personal information is kept secure and all related privacy and confidentiality requirements are fulfilled by these organizations. 
  7. Apart from the above, CMPFO may divulge your personal information to: Your duly authorised representatives Credit-reporting and cyber security organizations CMPFO's professional consultants, which may include accountants, auditors and lawyers Government bodies, Regulatory Authorities, and other organizations in accordance with the law or as authorised by law. 
  8. CMPFO reserves the right to amend and / or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you and for any reason whatsoever or in pursuance of any modification in privacy legislation or subsequent legislation. It is recommended that you regularly check for updates to the Privacy Policy. If you have any query in regards to this Privacy Policy or the security and management of your personal information, please feel free to contact us on [commissionerr@cmpfo.gov.in](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215152750id_/http%3A//cmpfo.gov.in/commissionerr@cmpfo.gov.in)


