> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kutenda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920183555id_/http%3A//kutenda.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kutenda's Privacy Policy

KUTENDA, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company (“Kutenda”) has adopted this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to ensure respect for, and protect the privacy of, Kutenda’s customers, users and visitors to which each User shall adhere in connection with Accessing the Site (as each term is hereinafter defined). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Kutenda’s Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”).

This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Kutenda website at the kutenda.com domain (together with any natural evolution thereof and any other Kutenda URL through which the Products and Services may be directly accessed, the “Site”), certain Kutenda products listed at Exhibit A-1 to the Terms of Use (“Product”), certain Kutenda services listed at Exhibit A-2 to the Terms of Use (“Service”), and any other website, page, forum, wiki, blog, facilities, services, or capabilities that link to the Site, this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, Product and/or Service.

As used in this Privacy Policy, “User” refers to the registered organization (or individual person, if a sole proprietor or individual noncommercial user) on the account, and, where applicable, any equity owner, director, manager, officer, employee, independent contractor, and/or agent of the User (each, a “User Representative”) accessing or otherwise using the Site, Product, and/or Service.

By clicking the ‘I accept’ button during the registration process, by logging in to User’s Kutenda account, or by accessing the Site, Product, and/or Service via any application program interface (API) (such actions, “Accessing the Site”), User accepts and agrees to the Privacy Policy’s terms and conditions. User acknowledges and agrees that Kutenda may modify, change and/or update the Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice, and User accepts such modifications, changes and/or updates upon Accessing the Site.

Any employee or other User Representative using Product and/or Service as an employee must have the ability to bind their respective employer and/or User by using Product and/or Service and represents that they have such authority by Accessing the Site.

Kutenda, its affiliates, partners, resellers, and licensors, respect and protect the privacy of Kutenda’s customers, users and visitors to the Site. The following discloses information about Kutenda’s collection and usage practices for Kutenda’s website www.kutenda.com and related Product and/or Service provided within the kutenda.com domain. Kutenda’s Site may contain links to other websites, but Kutenda is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites or companies. Information collected on the Site is the sole property of Kutenda. Kutenda will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.

**1\. Data Collection and Use**

Kutenda operates globally with its primary data center located in Fremont, California, U.S.A. Kutenda will transfer certain information provided by affiliates, partners, resellers, licensors, registrants, and customers to the appropriate office, agent or consultant in order to deliver products and services requested by Kutenda’s clients. Kutenda may collect, process, use and transfer personal information directly from User when the User voluntarily enters information which may include User’s email address, internet domain, IP address, full name, title, company affiliation, and other contact information during the registration process. Additionally, use of Kutenda websites may also result in data being collected, processed and transferred as part of the standard electronic greeting between User’s computer, the network, and Kutenda’s servers and typically consists of network routing information, equipment (browser) information, web or application logs, and query for “cookies” previously set by Kutenda to facilitate log-in or improvements to the usability of Product and/or Service. Cookies collected may include the following information: a unique identifier, user preferences, website activity and profile information and cannot be used to run programs or intentionally deliver viruses to User’s computer. User’s web browser may be set to alert User when a cookie is being used, to accept or reject the cookie, or to disable the cookie feature entirely. User acknowledges that taking any of these steps to modify the use of placement and query for cookies may limit functionality of Product and/or Service.

Kutenda currently uses the information collected for the purposes of providing User with information or access to Product and/or Service requested, providing a personalized Product and/or Service experience, and to allow User to participate on a voluntary basis in future communications from Kutenda including, without limitation, Product and/or Service updates, information and alerts, company information, or event notifications. Kutenda may also disclose personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal process served on Kutenda or protect and defend Kutenda’s property rights in and to its products, or the security or safety of its users and Site.

**2\. Security**

Kutenda takes security measures to protect the confidentiality and security of User’s personal information by deploying best practices in security safeguards including, without limitation, firewalls, data encryption, and backup and recovery, to protect User’s information from unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or unauthorized alteration. Any sensitive account information such as credit card numbers is protected in its transmission through the standard use of the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to a third-party merchant services entity; credit card information is not stored in Kutenda’s servers. User’s personal information may be stored in Kutenda’s application or web servers and in Kutenda’s customer management system and retained for a reasonable period of time or as long as the law requires.

**3\. Choice / Preference / Opt-Out**

This registration additionally allows visitors, users, customers of the Site to opt-in to Kutenda’s mailing list. Registered users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time by altering or updating their profile (accessible within Product and/or Service). Exceptions to this opt-out ability may include updates, patches, enhancements, downloads, contract or license agreement information, and customer service information related to currently licensed products, security related information, training event notifications, and transactional information, but notice will always be provided in such communications. User may email Kutenda directly at [legal@kutenda.com](mailto:legal@kutenda.com). If User believes that it has received an unsolicited commercial email from Kutenda on behalf of any of Kutenda’s affiliates, partners, resellers, licensors, registrants, or customers, User may report it to Kutenda at [legal@kutenda.com](mailto:legal@kutenda.com).
