> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ranking.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080618152226id_/http%3A//www.ranking.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Ranking.com

## Privacy Policy

UPDATED 10/14/2003

RANKING.COM, (hereinafter “RANKING”) values the privacy of our customers and takes reasonable measures to safeguard that information from unauthorized use. The following is a detailed explanation of our privacy policy with regard to the RANKING web site. Please note we are not responsible for the information collection practices of those web sites that are linked to our site. You should review those sites privacy policies before submitting any private information.

### WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

We employ various methods for collecting information. To begin with, we use “cookies” that are needed to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable information about the visitors to our web site. Personally identifiable information consists of information that is unique to you, such as credit card numbers, bank accounts, social security numbers, home address, email address and the like. This is the type of information that most people consider private and deem the most important to protect from unauthorized access.

Non-personally identifiable information most often consists of things such as your search preferences, the types of products you have bought, how many times you have visited a particular web site, etc. This type of information is usually associated with a particular computer or IP address but not with a particular person. “Cookies” are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user's computer, ready for future access. Each time you access our web site; our server finds the relevant cookie on your computer. The information contained within that cookie is then used to customize your experience with our site. The following is a list of the information we collect:

We automatically record the name of the domain (for example,"123company.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "mycollege.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain); the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and the pages you visit. Should you sign up for one of our newsletters or services we will need your email address, web site url and name.

### WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?

Your name and web site url are needed in order for us to send you information regarding one of our services or newsletters. The non-personal information that we collect from you may be used for both internal and external purposes, in order for us to make your experience with our site more enjoyable. The aggregate data we collect from you is used internally and externally to help us increase our marketing efforts and to provide pertinent data to the members of our Internet family. We may also use your email address to notify of you other products or services you may be interested in. Further, your email address will be needed in order to communicate with you.

### HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION PROTECTED?

We use the latest in encryption technology, including 128 bit SSL encryption to ensure that any sensitive information that is sent by you to us via the Internet is protected from unauthorized interception. All information submitted by a customer via the Internet is stored on a server, which requires proper-authentication for access. The server is housed in a secure environment that employs a variety of techniques to protect your information. We also use anti-virus protection software to guard against outside attacks on our networks. All employees that we do hire have to sign a confidentiality agreement that forbids them from disclosing any information to which the employee has access, to other individuals or entities.

We also have back up servers and power supplies to guard against power outages and other natural occurrences that could pose a threat to the integrity of your personal information. Our servers are manned 24-hours a day, in a building that is UL approved for fire protection. When an employee is terminated or is no longer with the company, we change the access codes that the employee used to access any customer accounts. Employee passwords must contain both numeric and alphanumeric characters; be at least 6 characters long, and must be changed every 60 days. Additionally, after 6 failed attempts, the employee is kicked out of the administrative system.

Any information submitted by a customer by other means such as the mail, or by facsimile, is stored in a secure area. Access to this information is limited to only those employees who need the information in order to do their job effectively.

### WHO HAS ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?

RANKING does not lease, license, sell or share any of this information with anyone or any company except as mentioned in the proceeding paragraphs or in the paragraphs below. Only those employees that are responsible for handling customer services have access to your personal information. Additionally, employees in our technical department may have access to your personal information in order to conduct routine checks on the integrity of our system and in order to perform necessary maintenance work. The only time someone other than a RANKING employee will ever see or be privy to your personal information is in the case of a judicial request (such as a subpoena) or if the company is acquired or sold.

In the event the later happens, RANKING will give reasonable notice to all existing users of our service. The aggregate data that we collect may be shared with outside companies in order help promote the RANKING web site or to provide relevant data to one of our sister companies, such as Trustgauge.com.

### CAN I OPT OUT OF HAVING CERTAIN INFORMATION COLLECTED

You have the option of disabling your computer’s ability to accept or transmit cookies. This will prevent us from gathering certain non-personally identifiable information from your computer. Furthermore, you have the right to opt out of any email list you might have signed up for in the past. You also have the option of requesting not to be notified by email of any new product or service we are offering. Please contact us at info@ranking.com in order to complete one of the opt-out choices above.

### NOTICE OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. However, if any changes do occur, we will publish the changes to our web site and post a notice on the home page that a new privacy policy has been implemented. We will also take reasonable steps to contact you personally to let you know of the new changes. Should the company be bought or sold to someone else, we will take reasonable steps to notify you personally. You will then be given the option to keep your account open or to terminate. Please feel free to contact us if you should have any questions regarding this policy or to report a misuse of your personal information. Our Chief Privacy Officer is Jared Steven Palmer, and he can be reached at legal@ranking.com.
