> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rankmytattoos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-09-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070916233601id_/http%3A//www.rankmytattoos.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Rank My Tattoos

We understand the concerns that you may have about your privacy and respect your right to protect your personal information while online. However, our Service is designed to allow users to post photographs and information about themselves for public review and comment. Accordingly, by submitting your photograph and/or any personal information, you thereby waive any privacy expectations you have with respect to our use of your likeness or personal information provided to us. If you do not wish to have your picture or information about yourself viewed by or disclosed to others, do not use our Service. We may collect certain other personal information from you that we do not post on our Site. In most cases, we do not intentionally transfer this information to unaffiliated third parties without your consent. However, we reserve the right to transfer such information without your consent to prevent an emergency, to protect or enforce our rights, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party or in response to a court order or subpoena as otherwise required or permitted by law. In addition, we provide this personal information to third-party service providers who help us maintain our Service and deliver information and services to you and other users of our Service.

Rankmytattoos.com, 5771 La Jolla Blvd., Suite B4, La Jolla, California 92037, USA
