> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rankedgaming.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130331205642id_/http%3A//www.rankedgaming.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Us

## Privacy Policy

Last Revised: 31st July 2011

#### What Is Personal Information?

As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, or credit card number) and information about that individual or his or her activities that is directly linked to personally identifiable information. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information. 

#### What Personal Information Do We Collect?

Active Collection: Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you use our Services. We collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you create an account or a profile, make a donation, make a purchase, send us an email or sign up to receive email or text message updates, fill out a form, connect through a social feed, sign up to be a volunteer or host an event, request information, apply for an internship, or use the Voter Registration Form tool. Such information may include personal information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, and credit card information. Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with creating a profile or group, leaving comments, posting blog comments or other content, sending an email or message to another user, or participating in any interactive forums or features on the Services. In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, contests, games, promotions, and other activities. 

Passive Collection: When you use the Services, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and your activity on our Services. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. 

We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies" or other files stored on your computer by us. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our web sites and your experience. Information obtained from cookies and linked to personally identifying information is treated as personal information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions. When you view a video on our web sites, a third party may also set a "flash cookie" on your computer. Removing and rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our web sites. To delete or disable flash cookies, please visit <http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security> for more information. However, if you choose to remove or reject browser or flash cookies, this could affect certain features on our web sites. Other files may be stored on your computer while you're using our downloadable software, those files are used to enhance the user experience, they include but are not limited to preference files, user interface settings, user and password. 

Collection By Third Parties: Third party vendors, such as Google DoubleClick, Yahoo Tremor and 24/7 RealMedia, may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other web sites based on your visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. These third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other web sites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Site. They do this using cookies, clear gifs or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising on other web sites targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage of our Services and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or clear gifs used by the third parties, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. If you would like to opt out of these cookies or obtain more information about this practice, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). In some cases, third party vendors may collect personal information from you, such as your name and email address, on other web sites and provide this information to us, or RG may collect personal information that you enter directly within an advertising unit. This Policy does apply to such personal information collected online in this manner, and we will treat such information in the same manner as information collected on our Services. 

#### How Do We Use the Personal Information We Collect?

We use personal information collected through our Services for the purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may use personal information we collect: 

to provide the services, products, or information you request, and to process and complete such requests and any related transactions; to send you confirmations, updates, alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Services; to notify you about important changes to the Services;

to send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information or services you request or that we think will be of interest to you; to request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the Services; to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, and requests and to provide customer service; to monitor and analyze site usage and trends, and to personalize and improve the Services and our users' experiences, such as providing content, or features that match your profiles or interests, and to increase the Services' functionality and user friendliness; to serve ads, on this or other web sites or media, based on the information you provide and the actions you take; and for any other purpose for which the information was collected. We may store and process personal information within the European Union and other countries. 

#### What Personal Information Do We Share With Third Parties?

It is our policy not to share the personal information we collect from you through our Services with third parties, except as described in this Policy or as otherwise disclosed specifically. For example, we may share personal information as follows: with vendors, consultants, and other service providers or volunteers who are engaged by or working with us and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us; when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you, that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information; when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests, claims or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants, or court orders; when we believe in good faith that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to respond to claims or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RG, our users, our employees, our volunteers, copyright owners, third parties or the public, including without limitation to protect such parties from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful activity or use of our Services; to enforce or apply this Policy, our Terms of Use, or our other policies or agreements; and in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, reorganization, acquisition, asset sale, financing or lending transaction or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the assets of RG. 

We are not responsible for the actions of any service providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent. 

#### Interactive Features:

You understand that when you use the Services, information you post in your profile, blogs, forums and other interactive areas provided by the Services, as well as any information you share with individuals through the Services or share through social network sites, will be available to other users and, in some cases, may be publicly available. In addition, when you sign up and create an account, certain information regarding actions you take through the Services, such as joining a group or actions tracked in your profile, may available to other users and, in some cases, may be publicly available. We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums. We are not responsible for the actions of any third parties with whom you share personal information. In some cases, there may be privacy setting available regarding the information available to others, and we suggest you take time to familiarize yourself with these options and utilize these settings. 

#### Links to Other Web Sites

You may find links to other web sites on our Services. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these web sites or any other sites that are linked to from our Services. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. 

#### What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?

We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission that can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our web sites by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. 

#### What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information?

You may "opt out" of receiving email updates and newsletters by following the instructions in those emails. Please note that we may still send you other types of emails, such as emails about your use of our Services, or use information as otherwise described in this Policy, even if you opt out of receiving email updates and newsletters. You can view or modify information stored with your user account by logging in to your account and accessing the Manage My Account page. Changes to information in your account does not affect information provided to others as set forth in this policy. 

#### Questions?

If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us on the forums, which can be found on our main Web Site www.rankedgaming.com 
