> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rantfood.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629014842id_/http%3A//www.rantnow.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# – Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY  
Rant, Inc. (“Rant,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy addresses Rant’s practices regarding information collected from visitors of RantNOW. The website is hereinafter referred to as the “Site”.  
This Privacy Policy only addresses information collected directly through or from the Site – it does not address or govern any information-gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from you (sometimes referred to as a “visitor,” “user,” “you,” or “your”) other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media.  
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into Rant’s [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-service/), which must be reviewed and accepted by you as a condition of use of the Site. The Site is not intended for children under the age of 18. It does not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors in this age group, and will delete information from a person in that age group as quickly as possible upon receipt of notice that such information has been collected.  
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact Rant by email to info@rantmn.com, by telephone at 949-464-4020, or by mail to Rant, Inc., 4 Park Plaza, Suite 950, Irvine, CA 92614.  
1\. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION  
We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of the Site. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We receive and store any information you submit to us through our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.  
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Rant and its authorized agents automatically receive and record certain “traffic data” on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. Rant uses this information to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends and administer the website. Rant may also collect and display the total counts that page has been viewed. Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While Rant will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.  
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages of the Site are visited and by how many people. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or the identity of your screen name or e-mail address. As further described below, Rant’s advertising partners may also place a cookie on your browser that makes it possible to collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information that ad delivery systems use to present more relevant ads. The “help” portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. Rant does not override these settings or options, including any “Do Not Track” settings, and encourages you to use them to enhance your choices and personalize your experiences.  
2\. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED  
Personal information collected by Rant may be used by Rant for limited purposes, including recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Personally identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information voluntarily provided to Rant may be added to Rant’s databases and used for future contact regarding updates to the Site or new services provided by Rant. From time to time, Rant may need to contact you concerning information you submitted to Rant. You agree that Rant may use your personal information for such contact with you. Rant may also send out e-mails with news, products, offers, surveys or promotions that Rant believes may be of interest to you.  
Except as specifically set forth herein, any personally-identifying information that you provide to Rant through the Site will not be disclosed to other third-party entities not affiliated with Rant. Rant personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of Rant business. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Rant, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred. We may also release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions, Additional Terms, and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Rant, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  
3\. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES  
The Site may also contain links to third-party websites. The Site may contain links to other websites for the convenience of users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. If you access a third-party website from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Privacy Policy. It is possible that these links may be used by third-parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. Rant is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third-parties or the content of such websites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites. Rant does not control these third-parties’ use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third-parties.  
4\. SECURITY MEASURES  
Please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to Rant via the Site or e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed, including, for example, personal information such as your address or name. You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the Site’s content may be transferred unencrypted and involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, Rant is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with Rant via e-mail or the Internet, visitors can contact Rant at the phone number or address set forth above.  
5\. ACCESS TO INFORMATION COLLECTED  
Upon your request through one of the contact methods set forth above, Rant will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by Rant that has been voluntarily provided by you to Rant through online application forms, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or update your personal information by contacting Rant through one of the contact methods set forth above.  
6\. OPT-OUT RIGHT  
Except as necessary to obtain the services or information requested, you may opt out of having your personal information, which has been voluntarily provided to Rant through online forms, e-mail, or another online avenues, prospectively retained by Rant or used by Rant for secondary purposes, by contacting Rant through one of the contact methods set forth above. Unless otherwise set forth below, this provision does not apply to collection of the type of web browser used to visit the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description hereunder.  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit the Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our Site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out [Networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).  
Please note, however, that in order to access certain content, features, services, products or benefits on the Site, you may be required to provide Rant with certain information, including some types of personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to provide such information or if you opt to utilize the aforementioned privacy features, you may be unable to obtain certain content, features, services, products or benefits on the Site.  
7\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  
Rant may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. Your use of the Site following any changes means that you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed. Any change to this Privacy Policy shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made. It is the obligation of users visiting the Site before the change to learn of changes to the Privacy Policy since their last visit.  
8\. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PRIVACY POLICY  
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as the “Shine The Light” law) permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third-parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request by email or post to:  
Email: info@rantmn.com  
Post: Rant, Inc.  
4 Park Plaza  
Suite 950  
Irvine, CA 92614

Last Updated: July 21, 2015  
Copyright © 2015 Rant, Inc.; All rights reserved.
