> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doyoubuzz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525142649id_/http%3A//www.doyoubuzz.com/us/content/charter) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DoYouBuzz: Privacy Policy

This policy applies to the protection of personal information on www.doyoubuzz.com. 

**Updated: June 23, 2010.**

This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices of DoYouBuzz, Inc. and all websites owned or operated by DoYouBuzz, Inc. and its corporate affiliates.

#### 1\. What Information We Collect

The types of information that we collect fall under two general categories: personally identifiable information (PII) and non-personally identifiable information (non-PII). PII consists of any information which can be used to specifically identify you as an individual, whereas non-PII consists of aggregate information or any information that does not reveal your identity. The following sections describe how your PII and non-PII are collected by us, and how we use such information.

#### 2\. How We Collect and Use Information

Log Files. Any time you visit any of our websites, our servers automatically gather information from your browser (such as your IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks). This information may be used to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. For example, we may log your IP address for system administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not share the log files externally.

Cookies. We use “cookies” to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting our website or using our services. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. We rely on cookies for the proper operation of our website; therefore if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website may not function properly. Users who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality. We do not link the cookies to any PII, other than basic login information if you choose to check the "Remember Me" box.

Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for our use and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. As stated above, you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Web Beacons. “Web beacons” (also known as “clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize our website for our users and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors. We may also use web beacons in email communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers. We do not link the web beacons to any PII.

Information About You. When you register or subscribe to the Services, we collect a wide variety of information about you to complete your online Resume, Personal Pages, Portfolio or Blog, as applicable, including but not limited to your educational achievement and professional life. You can control whether to have this information displayed publicly to other community members and visitors, made accessible to search engines, or protected with an access code, in each case by visiting the Privacy panel of the Settings tab on your Resume. You may choose to provide us with additional content for your Portfolio or Blog and by providing us such content, you agree that we may make them available to other community members and visitors consistent with your privacy settings. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy statement, we do not disclose your PII to other users of the Services.

Purchase Information. To process purchases of Premium Services, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. Such information is used primarily to process your order or as otherwise described herein. Credit card transactions are processed through industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or strong encryption (3DES) by a third party, which only uses your information for that purpose.

E-mails and Telephone Calls. We require an email address from you when you register for Services. We use your email for both transactional (e.g., order confirmation, refund and renewal processing) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers) purposes. Email messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the emails, including whether the email was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. If you would rather not receive promotional emails from us, please see the section below labeled “Choice/Opt-Out”. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Services, such as service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. We may also contact you by telephone or text message (including to any wireless number you may provide to us) solely in connection with the Services. If you would rather not receive telephone calls or text messages from us, you may change or delete your number from your account preferences page(s), or ask to be removed from our contact list if you receive a call or text message from us. We fully comply with the requirements of the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act.

Demographic Data. Demographic data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitors’ experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Some of this information may be shared with advertisers on a non-personally identifiable basis.

Online Survey Data. We may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. We encourage our members to participate in such surveys because they provide us with important information regarding the improvement of our services. You may also volunteer for certain surveys that we may offer to our users, and any additional rules regarding the conduct of such surveys will be disclosed to you prior to your participation. We do not link the survey responses to any PII, and all responses are anonymous.

Information Regarding Your Friends. We encourage you to refer a friend to our Services by sending us a friend’s name and email address. We will send that person a one-time email containing your name and inviting them to visit our site. This email will also include instructions on how to remove their information from our database. You agree that you will not abuse this feature by entering names and addresses of those who would not be interested in our Services.

#### 3\. Disclosure of Your Information to Third Parties

Disclosure By Law. You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend the rights or property of the Company or a third party; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety.

Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties By Us. We may share your non-PII with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your identity. We may share your PII, sometimes in conjunction with your non-PII, with service providers that may be associated with us to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize. In addition, from time to time, we may share PII (such as email or mailing address) about our user base with carefully selected third parties, so they can offer goods and services that we believe may be of interest to our users. If you do not wish to receive offers from our trusted partners, you can change your email preferences at any time by following the steps outlined in the “Choice/Opt-Out” section below.

Information Transferred As a Result of Sale of Business. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, your PII may be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we are acquired by another company, your PII may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. If this occurs, you will be notified if there are any material changes to the way your PII is collected or used.

#### 4\. Third-Party Advertising

While we will not display ads on the public facing portions of your resume, we may use third-party advertising agencies or other service providers to serve ads on our website on behalf of DoYouBuzz or third-party advertisers (e.g., retailers of goods or services). We will never display ads on the public facing portions of your resume. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is completely anonymous. Some of these third-party advertising agencies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers you the option to opt out of ad targeting from its member agencies by following the procedures listed here. [www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

We will only share your information with third parties in the ways defined in this privacy statement.

#### 5.Age Restrictions

Our age restrictions for the Services are set forth in the Terms of Use Agreement. We do not target our sites or services to children under the age of 13, and in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we may receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database.

#### 6\. Security

We have extensive security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information stored in our database. These measures include the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or strong encryption (3DES) technology during credit card transactions and administrative access to site data, as well as other proprietary security measures which are applied to all repositories and transfers of user information. We will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, but given that no information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and hence accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.

#### 7\. Links to Other Sites

We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites that may be linked to this site or of any third party advertisers.

#### 7\. Choice/Opt-Out

You may use the following options for removing your information from our email database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional emails and newsletters.

  * Click on the “unsubscribe” link on the bottom of the email;
  * Click on the “My Account” link from your Dashboard or Resume page, and un-check the undesired promotions.
  * Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional emails you wish to opt-out of:  
      DoYouBuzz, Inc.  
     169 11th Street  
     San Francisco, CA 94103



#### 8\. Updating Your Information

You may change your email address, password and other information from the “My Account” page accessible via a link from the Dashboard or Resume page. To the extent you choose to include PII or other information in your Resume, Portfolio or Blog, the Services allow you to update or remove that information by editing or deleting the content.

#### 9\. Contacting the Website

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with DoYouBuzz, you can contact:

DoYouBuzz, Inc.  
Attn: Site Administrator  
169 11th Street  
San Francisco, CA 94103 

#### 10\. Acceptance of Privacy Statement

Your use of our website(s), including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement and the accompanying Terms of Use Agreement. BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AND THE TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT.

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement page and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as email, at our discretion.

Your continued use of any portion of our website following posting of the updated privacy statement will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

#### 11\. Effective Date

This privacy statement was last revised on June 23, 2010.
