> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doyourownsite.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110526173034id_/http%3A//www.doyourownsite.co.uk/privacy.phtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DoYourOwnSite! - Privacy Policy

**Purpose and Scope**

The privacy of our customers, and the information that they choose to provide to us, is of the utmost importance to us. This privacy policy has been created by Create Internet Ltd. to show that we are committed to the protection and privacy of all information given to us. 

This policy discloses what information we gather about you when you visit our website and use our services. It describes how we use that information and how you can control it. Our privacy policy addresses: 

  * Information Create Internet Ltd. gathers and tracks
  * Personal information
  * Aggregated tracking information
  * Cookies
  * Notification of Changes
  * How to update, correct, or delete your information



  
**Information Create Internet Ltd. gathers and tracks**

Create Internet Ltd. collects two kinds of information about users: 1) data that users volunteer by signing up to use our services; and 2) aggregated tracking data we collect when users interact with us. 

  
**Personal Information**

In order to sign-up to the services we offer, users are required to give us contact information (such as your name and email address), unique identifiers (such as a password), and demographic information (such as a post code). Certain information, such as passwords and email addresses are collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity and for account use in our record system. 

The contact information given to us is used only by us to contact our customers in connection with their accounts. It can also be displayed on the website that a customer creates if, and only if, that customer chooses so in their online administration area. 

We never sell, rent or pass on our customers' personal information, such as email address or any other personally identifiable information you provide when signing up to our services, to any other company, organisation or person outside Create Internet Ltd. unless expressly instructed by the customer to do so. 

  
**Aggregated tracking information**

We analyse visitors' use of our sites by tracking information such as pageviews, traffic flow, search terms, and click through. We use this information to improve our sites. We also share this anonymous traffic and demographic information in aggregate form other business partners. We do not share any information that can identify an individual user. 

  
**Cookies**

A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to a customer's computer's hard drive through their web browser when they visit our site. We use cookies to improve the usability of our system. None of the information that we store in cookies can be used to directly identify a customer. Any cookies generated by our systems are deleted as soon as you close your browser and are not held any longer than necessary. 

You can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies or to block cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain site features or functions. 

  
**Notification of Changes**

If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on www.doyourownsite.com/privacy.phtml. If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email. Users will be able to opt out of any new use of their personal information. 

  
**How to update, correct, or delete your information**

Customers can modify any of the information that they have given us, through their online administration area, or they can contact us by email via our Contact Us page. 
