> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ozlighting.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180411044033id_/https%3A//www.ozlighting.com.au/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This privacy statement provides details about the personal information that **Ozlighting.com.au** collects, and the ways in which **Ozlighting.com.au** uses that personal information.

### **Personal information collection**

**Ozlighting.com.au** may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:

  * Information about your use of this website (including the pages that you browse and the purchases that you make.
  * We also collect information about abandoned shopping carts in our efforts to improve our website
  * Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (however we do not require that you create an account with us in order to purchase from our store)
  * information about transactions carried out over this website



### **Using personal information**

**Ozlighting.com.au** may use your personal information to:

  * Administer this website
  * Personalize the website for you
  * Enable your access to and use of some of the website services
  * Publish information about you on the website (if you review one or more of our products)
  * Send you products that you purchase
  * Send you statements and invoices
  * Collect payments from you; and
  * Send you marketing communications



Where **Ozlighting.com.au** discloses your personal information to its agents or sub- contractors for the purposes listed above, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement. **We will never sell your personal information to any third party.**

In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Ozlighting.com.au may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.

### **Securing your data**

We use an Enterprise Level SSL certificate on our server. This certificate is generated by Symantec, the world's most trusted internet security provider. The use of SSL certificate ensures that your private data is always encrypted with a minimum of 128 bits, even if you are using an older browser that does not natively support 128bit encryption. For more information on this type of SSL certificate please visit [Symantec's website](http://www.symantec.com/en/au/ssl-certificates/secure-site-pro-ev). We have chosen to use this level of encryption because we are determined to ensure that your shopping experience with us is as safe and secure as possible In addition, in order to ensure the absolute security of your private information we do not store your credit card details on our server. 

**Ozlighting.com.au** will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

### **Updating this statement**

**Ozlighting.com.au** may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.

You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.

### **Other websites**

This website contains links to other websites.

**Ozlighting.com.au** is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.

### **Contact Ozlighting.com.au**

If you would like to contact us regarding any of the information provided above, please [visit our Contacts page](https://www.ozlighting.com.au/contacts/) for all of our contact details

_This privacy statement was last updated on 26/08/2014_
