> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zoosk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007021721id_/https%3A//www.zoosk.com/privacy.php%3Ffrom%3Dfooter) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zoosk Privacy Policy | Zoosk.com

* **Information You Provide.** When you register or subscribe to any of our Services, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, birth date, photographs, email address, password, phone number, including mobile phone number, billing information, credit card information and other contact or demographic information you provide. We also collect other profile data such as your personal interests and background, gender, age, geographical location and physical characteristics and any content or other communications you provide or make in connection with your use of the Services. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.

* **Information Automatically Collected.** When you access our Services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, date and time stamp and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account. When you access our Services using a mobile device, we may receive or collect your mobile device ID (often referred to as UDID), mobile carrier, device manufacturer and phone number. We also collect information about your usage of, and activity on, our Services. We may associate information we automatically collect with your personal information. We and service providers acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer our Services, to gather demographic information about our user base and to deliver you a more personalized experience.

* **Cookies and Other Technologies.** Our Services, email messages and advertisements may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and Web beacons. "Cookies" are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Services and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our websites. We may also use cookies and other technologies to serve advertisements to you on our Services or on sites other than our websites. Web beacons and pixel tags are electronic images that may be used on our Services or in our emails. We use Web beacons and pixel tags to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, prevent fraud and to tell if an email or advertisement has been opened and acted upon.

* **Third Party Advertisers.** Any advertisers and advertising networks (which include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms) that serve ads or provide offers to our users, on our Services or on sites other than our websites, may also use their own cookies, web beacons, pixels and other tracking technologies. Such tracking technologies are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads, and are not subject to this Policy. You can visit networkadvertising.org [hyperlink] to see a list of advertising networks that typically serve these kinds of ads and to exercise your choice for those advertising networks. We do not control these advertisers or advertising networks or any other third parties whose websites may be linked from our Services or their practices. We recommend that your review the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit.

* **Social Networking Sites.** When you use our Services through a social networking site (a "Social Networking Site"), such as Facebook, where our Services are also referred to as an "application", you permit Zoosk to access certain information from your profile for that site. The information you permit Zoosk to access varies by Social Networking Site and is affected by the privacy settings you establish at such site. By using our Services through a Social Networking Site, you are authorizing Zoosk to collect, store, retain and use indefinitely, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, any and all information that you agreed the Social Networking Site could provide to Zoosk through the Social Networking Site application programming interface. Your agreement takes place when you "accept" or "allow" (or other similar terms) our application on a Social Networking Site.
