> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the karger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615233735id_/http%3A//www.karger.com/Info/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Karger Publishers

S. Karger Publishers respects your right to privacy. This policy outlines what we do with the information we gather during your visit to sites hosted by S. Karger AG. While on our web site, you may be prompted to enter personal information when you:

* Place an order
* Use reprint options
* Request sample material
* Create a user name and password
* Use personalization features
* Create an e-mail alert
* Ask for assistance
* Provide feedback
* Use other services as they are developed
  


## Information we collect

All information collected online about a visitor is voluntary, although some services are only accessible by registering user details. The information gathered includes, but is not limited to your name, address, institution, e-mail address and publication references. When viewing our site by linking from another web page we may store the name of that web page for purposes of internal administration. We also monitor data about the movement of visitors through our site – an activity which does not require any identifiable personal information and is used to improve web site structure, flow, and content.  


## Cookies

Cookies are small amounts of data sent from our web server to the user's hard drive that identify those who have previously visited our site. If you configure your browser to reject cookies, you may still use some, but not all, portions of our site and will be prompted to enter your ID and password each time you access an article requiring a subscription.  


## Data Protection / Google Analytics Service

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For details please visit <http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html>   


## How collected information is used

We do not provide the information we receive from you to third parties. The main use of this information is to inform you of important changes to our site, new value-added services, as well as new publications. Furthermore, we collect statistical information to strengthen our marketing efforts by monitoring traffic on the site. This allows us to identify specific target areas or groups, enabling us to further improve our site.  


## Safety measures applied

All data we collect from you on our site is protected against unauthorised access. The demographic information and, if applicable, credit card information about each user is stored on Karger servers that are behind a firewall and enclosed within a secure data center. For electronic payments we use the services of a payment gateway firm, for whose privacy practices S. Karger AG is not responsible. When you connect to our secure server, all your personal information is encrypted using the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) so that it cannot be read while travelling over the internet.  


## Disclosure of information

We may use one or more outside credit card processing companies to bill users for goods and services and we will disclose your personal identifiable information to these companies as needed to process your orders and to respond to your requests.  


## Links

The Karger site contains links to other sites, which may or may not have links to Karger. Take note that Karger is not responsible for the privacy practices (or other practices, services, or content) of other sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by S. Karger Publishers.  


## Discussion forums

Users who participate in Karger online forums or discussions may have their messages or postings edited for size and/or content. By submitting to such forums, you grant the editorial rights to Karger editorial staff who reserve the right to remove inappropriate submissions. When participating in an online forum or discussion, you consent to our use, disclosure, and publication of any content you submit.  


## Changes in the policy

As changes are made to our privacy policy, they will be posted on our privacy policy page. Please review this page for regular updates.  

