> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the karwan.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161126163911id_/http%3A//karwan.tv/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - www.Karwan.TV

By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy of  karwan.TV. If you do not agree to the Policy, please do not use this site. Karwan.TV reviews its privacy policy periodically and reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify or remove portions of this policy at any time. This page should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes.

karwan.TV which operates the Internet site located at www.karwan.tv  recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about visitors to our sites. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address or email address, is automatically collected from visitors to our site. Personally identifiable information about visitors to our site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. We may collect certain non-personal information to optimize our Web pages for your computer (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider). We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes, including but not limited to improving the content of our sites. In those instances when we do collect personally identifiable information, the following policies apply: karwan.TV will notify you when we are collecting personally identifiable information about you and how we intend to use it.  
\----  
\----

Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard-drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies, which are an industry standard used by most Web sites, including those operated by karwan.TV, can facilitate a user's ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising. Our Cookies are no programs that can cause damage to a user's systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature. But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as adding your personal favourites.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on karwan.TV. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.co.uk/privacy_ads.html). You can read our Cookie statement [here](http://karwan.tv/cookies.html)

karwan.TV has established many links directly to sites operated by third parties. These sites are not operated or maintained by karwan.TV. These sites may collect personal information from you. You should check the applicable privacy policy's of the third party.
