> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pesfan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110103213554id_/http%3A//www.pesfan.com/doc/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PESFan.com - Official PES fan site for Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer with Forums, News, Downloads, Trailers

Please note that you can use your browser's print function to print out this privacy policy to read later or for your files. You can also download the privacy policy to save or view it later at.

Konami Digital Entertainment GmbH takes its obligation to protect your privacy very seriously and designs its services so that as little personal information as possible is collected, processed and used.

Personal information is never under any circumstances leased or sold to third parties for advertising purposes. No personal information is forwarded to any third parties without notifying you and getting your explicit agreement, unless it is required for the specific purpose, such as sending out prizes in the framework of contests.

  
Access to personal data is restricted to people who are notified of the statutory data protection provisions and are committed to complying with these. Access to data by these people is restricted to the extent necessary for contractual performance. All personal information with the exception of cookies (see below) is stored on the PESFan servers.

The following conditions represent our agreement with you on what data specifically we collect on the Internet pages of Konami Digital Entertainment GmbH at [http://www.pesfan.com](http://www.pesfan.com/) and how we handle this data. We remind you specifically that transferring data to us through the Internet is not secure, so that unauthorised third parties may intercept this information.

1\. **Collection, processing and use of data in connection with accessing the Internet pages of** **Konami Digital Entertainment GmbH** **as such**

  
On merely accessing the Internet pages as such Konami of Europe GmbH collects only the data transferred by your computer (e.g. your browser). We do not store any further data either on our pages or on your computer. This data is deleted by our server directly after you leave. Analysis of the data is carried out solely in anonymised form if and to the extent that its use is permitted by statute.

2\. **Collection, processing and use of data in connection with the services offered by us and described below**

  
a) Use of cookies in connection with choice of language, game ratings and surveys, and in the support area

  
Cookies are small files generated by the PESFan web server and transmitted to the browser that you are using to access Konami's services, and stored exclusively on your computer. We use cookies in the course of our Internet service at the following three points:

  
\- If you participate in a **game rating** or survey, a cookie is stored on your computer with the information on which game rating you responded to. This helps prevent multiple responses from distorting the survey results. The cookie expires after one month.

  
\- After **logging on to the site** a cookie containing your chosen user name is stored on your computer for the duration of your current connection between your computer and the PESFan server, so that you do not have to re-enter your user name if you log in again. The session cookie is deleted when you end your Internet connection with the PESFan server.If you want to delete cookies already on your computer, check your browser help files to identify the file or folder where cookies are stored.If you want to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer in future, check the help file for your browser by clicking on "Help" in your browser menu. Please note that deleting our cookies or deactivating cookies may mean that you can no longer access specific areas or functions in our web site.

b) **Newsletter subscription**

  
In connection with newsletter subscriptions Konami of Europe GmbH logs and stores your e-mail address, which is essential for sending you the newsletter.  If you want to cancel your subscription, you can change your settings in the user control panel of the forums at any time. You are also told how to cancel your subscription in each issue of the newsletter.

c) **Contests**

  
If you enter contests, we collect only the data needed to run the contest. Winners are notified by e-mail. Prizes are sent to the address you have entered. To mail prizes, we may send the data required for mailing to a company which handles logistics and delivery of prizes. After the contest is ended and prizes have been sent, your data is deleted.

  
3\. Forwarding data to government agencies

Personal customer data is only provided to government agencies such as criminal investigation agencies and courts on presentation of an enforceable official or court order or if there is a statutory obligation to do so.

4\. Agreement

If you have agreed that we may collect, process or use your data, you can **cancel this agreement at any time**. You can cancel this agreement either by e-mail to [support@konamisupport.co.uk](mailto:support@konamisupport.co.uk). Besides the fact that we notify you explicitly by e-mail or in writing of the content of your agreement, you can also check the content of the general agreement at location.

5\. Changes to our privacy policy

Konami Digital Entertainment GmbH reserves the right to change this privacy policy, specifically in the event of changes to its services and in the course of the development of new technical security standards. Any change will be announced with a clear reference on our Internet pages and/or here.

6\. Questions and suggestions about our privacy policy

  
Please send any suggestions or questions about our privacy policy to [support@konamisupport.co.uk](mailto:support@konamisupport.co.uk)
