> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the techweek.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625115612id_/http%3A//techweek.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Techweek | Technology Festival in Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, Miami and New York City

Don't miss out! Grab your ticket

**Last Updated: November 19, 2013** This privacy policy describes the practices of Techweek, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for collecting, using, storing and sharing personal information. Please review this policy carefully. We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time. Any changes to this policy will be posted on our website without prior notice to any users. **What information do you collect?** We collect the following types of information from visitors to our website: \- Name \- Email \- Company **How is the registration form information used?** Demographic and profile data such as [….] is collected during registration. We use this data to tailor the user’s experience within our advertising offer portion of the site, displaying content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is occasionally shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings (see the Choice/Opt-out section below). **Do you ever share my personal information?** From time to time, we share aggregated data regarding the users of our services (for example, information such as demographics). Some of this data may include the data obtained as described in the “cookies” section, but no personally identifiable information is included in these types of statistics. **Other Uses of Information** We may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the site’s Terms of Use. The same policy applies in cases where we believe an individual may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights or property of Techweek, other site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services. We may also display entity names as part of the registration process to facilitate an individual registrant’s affiliation with the correct entity. **Choice/Opt-Out** You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any time by contacting us. [Opt out here.](mailto:info@techweek.com) **How are cookies and IP address information used?** We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies for application functions, login purposes and to deliver content on our Web site that is specific to your interests, but we do not make that information available to third parties. We use information from cookies for marketing purposes. The cookie does not track any personal information about you, provide us with any way to contact you, or extract any information from your computer. We hope you will want the better service that cookies provide, but you may set your browser to refuse cookies. However, by doing so, you will not be able to successfully use all of the features this service. **How does Techweek work with other companies and how do these relationships affect user privacy?** Within the advertising offer sections of our websites, you may find links to the websites of our clients or partners. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Certain products and services marketed through Techweek properties are made available by partner companies with which Techweek has a strategic alliance. To obtain these products and services you may be required to visit another company’s website or a site they share with Techweek. When ordering, registering for, or purchasing products or services from these partners, you will be entering into an agreement with that partner, and not with Techweek. In these cases, this privacy policy does not apply; instead, the privacy policy of the partner providing the goods or services will apply. It is your responsibility to read and understand the policies of any third party website (including, but not limited to, our third party payment processor) to which you may be linked from our website. We cannot control the way these parties collect or use information. If you have questions about our third party privacy policies or practices, you will need to contact them directly. Occasionally we may share information with our sponsors and partners. We share such information on an aggregate basis without revealing any personally identifiable information of any individual user. **A Note to Parents on our Privacy Policy Regarding Children** Techweek’s website and services are not intended for children. We do not collect personal information from children 12 and under and do not make sales to minors 18 or under. **Sale/Merger** We reserve the right to license, assign or transfer our rights in the information that we collect via our website or services to any successor entity pursuant to any business sale, merger or other similar transaction involving Techweek. **Changes to this Privacy Policy** Techweek may amend this policy from time to time without notice. Thank you very much for reviewing our Privacy Policy! Enjoy Techweek! 
