> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the technorms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190317065209id_/https%3A//www.technorms.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for TechNorms.com

**The privacy of our readers is very important to us.**

At TechNorms.com, we realize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit TechNorms.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to any third parties. If we ever sell any information, we agree, that you can beat us on our head with a baseball bat.

**Log Files and Cookies** : As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as Comcast or Verizon), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. All the websites have the same standard procedure. Most of the sites would not let you log in in to your email account, if you don’t have cookies enabled.But if this an issue you can always disable cookies from your browser settings.

We also use third party advertisements on TechNorms.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (for example, showing Italian content to someone from Venice) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing Gadget ads to someone who frequents Gadget related sites). Please also note recently the [DoubleClick DART cookie](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx) has been used by Google in the ads served on websites displaying AdSense for content ads ( such as the current site you are on). When you visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on your browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help Google AdSense better serve and manage ads on site(s) and across the web. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**Email Addresses** : When you make a comment or contact me using the contact page you email is required. Please be assured that you email address will only be used for responding to your email or comment and will never be made publicly available. We will never sell your email address to any third parties, ever.

**Comments Policy** : The author does not assume responsibility over comments he did not make on this blog. While comments are welcome from anybody, we reserve the right to remove any comment that is not deemed suitable for publication. This could include but is not limited to objectionable and abusive comments. Hate, racist comments, or any other form of prejudice will be removed and the poster banned (email and IP Address would be banned)! Spam in any form will not be accepted.

**Copyrights** : We have taken extreme caution to make sure that there are no copyright infringements in terms of the multimedia content and the subject matter that is posted in this blog. If you find anything that could be considered a violation of the copyright norms, please contact me immediately, using the contact me link in the footer section below.
