> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the techgle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-10-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081005163455id_/http%3A//www.techgle.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Techgle Technology: Privacy

In order to process the purchases of licenses/copyright for copies of our softwares, services, design etc., certain information is necessarily collected by Techgle. We retain records of licensed users of our softwares, services, design etc. and these records may contain any or all of the following information: names, addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, named licenses, payment amount, or other relative identifying information. We do not sell or share this information with other parties. We do not sell or share this information with our advertising partners or advertising agencies. 

If a customer places a request for customer service, the information that may be collected is: e-mail address, name, phone number, correspondence records, and technical information such as system hardware, operating system, and the services that Techgle being provided. This information is voluntarily given by the customer, and is used by Techgle only for the purpose of assisting the customer with the problems. This information is not used for any other purpose. Information collected by our customer service is not shared or sold to other parties. We do not sell or share this information with our advertising partners or advertising agencies.
