> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the technocash.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030621175038id_/http%3A//www.technocash.com/action.cfm%3Faction%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TECHNOCASH

### TECHNOCASH™ Privacy Statement  
  
**Anonymous TECHNOCASH "digital-cash"**  
  
We want to provide you with a service that enhances your life and your internet shopping experiences and personal or business financial transactions. To this end we have our anonymous TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" which is intrinsically private and ensures no personal information is collect by Technocash,Inc. We transact using SSL to provide that your transactions are encrypted when you are dealing with us and your TECHNOCASH "digital-cash". We are capable of 128b bit encryption and the you should be aware that the local browser often determines a lower level of encryption.\ It is the user of TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" to administer this capability. We allow for all users to transact with use without forcing you to upgrade your software. Of course we record where the individual pieces of "digital-cash" are used for your records so that the history attached to each piece of TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" can show details of use. Thus, please view it as a mini anonymous account. Use of this format provides features which enable and empower you to buy and sell with confidence. Adding Passwords or even re-issuing a fresh Tcode number allows for person to person escrow services. **You must only rely on connections to www.technocash.com or secure.technocash.com or www.technocash.com.au or secure.technocash.com.au** to inform you of any cash value and its currency for any TECHNOCASH "digital-cash". It's none of our business what you spend, where you spend, what you spend it on or how much you spend. We don't need to know this information to provide our service for our anonymous TECHNOCASH "digital-cash". Without our knowledge you can send you TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" in whole or part to others. We won't be marketing to you as an individual if you possess some TECHNOCASH "digital-cash". We keep no records about you the specific TECHNOCASH owner. Owning a BillFold is somewhat different see below. For example a BillFold allows you to enter and store personal and business information and indeed some BillFolds are fully identified eg: Retail BillFolds disclose the details so the shoppers can have piece of mind they are interacting with a known merchant. During the payment cycle we may make offers on behalf of some of our merchants this is simply trying to match your TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" to places it could be used at. As TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" is transferable no one to one connection to any individual can be established. We simply manage your loose "digital-cash" value and provide transaction verification services. No club membership is needed for you to enjoy all the features of loose TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" or our site. You have privacy and security when you use TECHNOCASH. We want anyone to be able to use the net shop and make person to person transfers. If you choose to participate in any of our specials or promotions then we may have your contact details and these are for internal use or the use stated at the time. Many times all we need is an Email address to contact you on. It is our policy to honour the "unsubscribe" option to any mailing lists we may have. All other promotion and business activities are confidential anyway and are not, and cannot, be linked to your private TECHNOCASH numbers. We will offer promotional offers, sometimes in conjunction with our merchants, based on individual TECHNOCASH details such as "remaining value" and may place these offers where appropriate during the payment and detail checking stages both the TECHNOCASH owners and merchants. This is so we can offer you say the latest special for a $8.95 service/product when your TECHNOCASH has say $9.30 left to spend. We re-inforce that we do not "mine" any of our data records to be used by outside bodies.   
**Store Branded TECHNOCASH**  
  
If you posses some store branded "digital-cash" powered by TECHNOCASH, personal information is a matter between you and the store providing this "digital-cash" currency. The store may use and operate services provided by TECHNOCASH and we treat that data as their member data not ours and not to be used without their permission. They should obtain your permission to use this data. Our services are designed to keep member data attached only to the specific merchant/stores that have dealt with you.   
**BillFold (tm)**  
The BillFold product is like a account based system to add and disperse TECHNOCASH "digital-cash" with the result that the owner can view and handle their cash of various currencies as a lump sum. Several categories exist such as Retail Merchant, Anonymous Card, Basic Card, Blue Card, Gold Card, Member Cards and Deposit cards. The BillFold system is designed to connect Organizations to its member BillFolds. via - Messaging systems, payment dispersal systems, payment collection. Membership data including name, phone and bank account details are possible to be stored. You are not forced to provide any information but certain facilities will require data so they operate. Some of the information needed to operate the system is determined by our merchants needs. The organization or retail store may use and operate services provided by TECHNOCASH an we treat that data as belonging entirely to that organization which they are free to access an move about. This member data will not be used without the organizations permission once we have been satisfied they have their customers permission. Our services are designed to keep member data attached only to the specific merchant/stores that the account holder has dealt with.   
**Required Disclosure of Information**  
As you would expect certain organizations have legal access to our data and we fully co-operate with bona fide entities requesting information. These may include The Reserve Banks, State or Federal police and other appropriate Government Authorities.   
**Conclusion**  
Privacy is the core of our philosophy and we welcome your input and response to this commitment of ours. Tell us what you think by emailing [info@technocash.com](mailto:info@technocash.com)
