> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hentaitube.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150612073905id_/http%3A//hentaikey.com/v5.0/doc/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HentaiKey.com

**Privacy Statement for HentaiKey.com**  
HentaiKey has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: HentaiKey.com.  We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site and to trace fradualent activity. We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity.HentaiKey will not disclose, sell or distribute information about your information that you submit upon registration. We will not disclose detailed information about your individual visits, but we do however log all searches (through the "advanced search engine") anonymously, with absolutely no member identifcations linked to the search.The purpose of this, is to provide a better service. This information is used to provide our participating affiliates statistical information on what HentaiKey's members are looking for, and thus gives them the opportunity to create such sites, which again means that you will get what you want! HentaiKey will send periodic emails to Regular Sites, informing about new services, features, sites and anything we find to be of interrest to the members or the owners. 

All submitted information are kept higly confidential and stored securely in our database.

[Contact us](mailto:webmaster@hentaikey)  

