> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hentaigamer.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180513022352id_/http%3A//hentaigamer.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | HentaiGamer

**_1\. Automatically collected Information_**

We use Session Cookies to specify the date and type of an action of an visitor.  
These Session-Cookies are collected automatically and anonymously and will be deleted by closing the web browser.

When you log into the site or log out, we save the date of your action to recognize if you are online or not.  
We also collect the information of the games you’ve saved as favorites, the users you’ve added as a friend, your uploads and all other information which are relevant for your user profile. These data are bound anonymously to your user account and stored in MySQL databases. None of the data collected through our website provides us with any personal information about you or will be given to third parties. We use this data on an non individual way, to analyze and optimize your online experience.

**_3\. User Registration Form_**

A user has to give us personal (like email address) information to register on Hentaigamer.net. The personal information from this form are used to get in touch with the user when necessary and to verify the user’s identity. None of those information will be given to third parties.

**_5\. External Links_**

Hentaigamer.net contains links to other websites.  
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of these websites.

**_7\. Google Analytics_**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under Browser Plugin.
