> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the limelife.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090328121133id_/http%3A//www.limelife.com/info/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LimeLife: Privacy

Effective July 29, 2008

LimeLife is committed to protecting the personal information collected about you. To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy Policy to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.

LimeLife provides this general audience site for users of all ages. In addition to the general terms concerning LimeLife's privacy practices, this Privacy Policy contains specific details regarding personal information collected from children.

This Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected through the LimeLife Site (regardless of the means by which you may access the LimeLife Site), and does not apply to information that may be collected by LimeLife offline or not through the LimeLife Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our LimeLife [Terms of Use](http://www.limelife.com/info/terms_of_use.html) and any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms of Use.

Your use of the LimeLife Site, LimeLife Services and LimeLife Software and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use (and in the case of the LimeLife Software, any applicable EULA), including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of California. LimeLife may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If a material change is made to this Privacy Policy and/or the way we use our users? personally identifiable information, then we will post a prominent notice of the nature of such change on the first page of this Privacy Policy and also on our home page. Further, if you have created a LimeLife user account, we will attempt to inform you of any modifications to this Privacy Policy either by sending you an email at the email address you provided as part of the registration process, or by presenting a message to you at the time you log into the LimeLife Site. If you do not agree with any such modifications, your sole remedy is the termination of your account with LimeLife, which you may request by contacting us [here](http://www.limelife.com/info/contact_us.html). If you do not have a LimeLife user account, you are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it. In either case your continued use of the site following the type of notice that applies to you indicates your assent to any changes to this Privacy Policy. Use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.

We will use your personal information to deliver you the LimeLife Services and send you notices related to the LimeLife Services, your account and necessary updates, as described in greater detail below. This includes fulfilling your requests for products and services and delivering content to you that is sent by other users.

Information such as your full name, user ID, and any personally identifiable information you have included in your public profile may be shown primarily in conjunction with reviews you have contributed. Your full name, email address, user ID or telephone number may also be used when you send a communication (such as an invitation to view your User Content).

In general, you can visit the Site without revealing any information about yourself that could identify you personally, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address, and telephone number(s) ( **"Personal Information"** ). Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, LimeLife will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for any purpose without your consent. Following are the instances when we may collect and use your Personal Information: 

  * Registration — When you register with us through the Site we may ask you for some Personal Information. LimeLife may use your Personal Information to send you information about LimeLife or our products, or to send you our newsletter or other information that may be of interest to you. During the registration process you are given the opportunity to opt-in to the receipt of such information from us in the future. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication or you may also update or delete your registration profile. (See "Access/Removal of Your Personal Information", below.)
  * Promotions — If you choose to participate in one of our sweepstakes, contests and promotions we may also collect your Personal Information to administer your entry. We may also use Personal Information from you to contact you regarding the selection of prizewinners and to award prizes.
  * Subscription Services — When you subscribe to a subscription service provided and administered by LimeLife (for example, the Daily Dose subscription Service) we will collect Personal Information from you to administer the subscription service, confirm your subscription and deliver you the content you have requested. We may also ask for your cellular phone carrier. Subscription services may be governed by separate or additional terms. For example, the Daily Dose subscription service is governed by th [Daily Dose Terms of Service](http://www.limelife.com/info/terms_of_service_text.html). Please note that LimeLife offers you the opportunity to subscribe to services provided and administered by third parties. _Even though such services and the sites from which they are offered may be co-branded with LimeLife branding and look-and-feel, they are governed by the third party terms._
  * We also collect information that cannot be used to identify you personally that you provide as part of registration and your entry into all sweepstakes, contests,promotions or surveys (e.g., without limitation, gender and zip or postal code) ( **"Aggregate Demographic Information"** ). We combine your Personal Information with the Aggregate Demographic Information to provide you with a better experience and improve the quality and value of the Services.



When you use the Site, our system automatically gathers information about the nature of your usage of our service. This type of data may include: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer or handheld device; (iv) type of web browser; (v) telecommunications carrier; and (vi) requested URL, referring URL, website usage data, and timestamp data (items (i) through (vi) are collectively **"Traffic Data"** ). Traffic Data is anonymous and you will not be personally identified from this information. Traffic Data helps us diagnose problems with our server, administer LimeLife, and otherwise provide the highest possible level of service to you. In addition, we use this information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers on the LimeLife Services of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, their advertisements or listings. To do this we may combine information that we have about you with information that we obtain from business partners or other companies. We may also release aggregate demographic information about user trends to partners and other third parties, including third-party advertisers on the LimeLife Services. An example of this type of information would be patterns of use of the LimeLife Services based on postal code or age group. We also retain aggregated log files of requested content in order to report overall product usage to content partners and to evaluate User trends.

Like many websites LimeLife may use cookies on the Site. A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user's computer. Cookies do not include people's names, email addresses, or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user?s visit. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer. LimeLife may also use third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may also use cookies and action tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) to collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites in order to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads. They do not collect Personal Information.

LimeLife may engage a trusted third party to perform functions on our behalf (such as fulfilling newsletter subscriptions, sending requested postal mail and e-mail communications, analyzing data, and providing customer service). These third parties may have access to Traffic Data and Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but we do not permit them to use it for other purposes. Due to our contractual obligations with these third parties and the need to share personally identifiable information to deliver and support the LimeLife Services, we cannot provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of sharing personally identifiable information with these third parties.

If a promotion, sweepstakes or contest has an outside sponsor, some of your Personal Information may be shared with the sponsor. When necessary to deliver a prize, delivery information about the winner of a promotion, sweepstakes or contest may be shared with a third party.

LimeLife may share your Personal Information you provide with LimeLife subsidiaries and related companies. In addition, LimeLife may disclose Personal Information (i) to governmental or judicial authorities or law enforcement agencies, or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes or to otherwise establish or exercise our rights, or defend against legal claims; (ii) to verify or enforce compliance with the Terms of Use and applicable laws; (iii) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site or to protect the rights, property and safety of the LimeLife Services, users and others, or (iv) to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change.

LimeLife will notify you when information about you may be provided to third parties in ways other than explained above, and you will have the option to prevent such information sharing.

The Site complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ( **"COPPA"** ). LimeLife does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through the Site. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Site, LimeLife will not collect, store or use any Personal Information of such user. Further, in the event that LimeLife receives Personal Information that LimeLife discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, LimeLife will promptly delete such Personal Information in a secure manner.

LimeLife takes security very seriously. To prevent unauthorized access and maintain accuracy, LimeLife has industry-standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Personal Information under our control.

Personal information we collect is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are accessible only by authorized persons. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, due to the open nature of communication through the Internet, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

_You hereby acknowledge that LimeLife is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner._

We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our Privacy Policy. We sometimes release beta versions of our products and services, which are further refined before the release of the final version. Because these products and services are still in a test phase, we may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so. As such, we welcome user feedback on any privacy concerns you may have. In light of the above and because of the complex and constantly changing nature of our technology and business, and the security risks associated with using the Internet, LimeLife does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. To the extent permissible under law, LimeLife shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this Privacy Policy.

As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third-party web sites from within the Site. LimeLife is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites. To the extent that LimeLife has agreements with such third-party sites under which such sites share your Personal Information with LimeLife, LimeLife will treat your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy.

You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address, phone numbers) via reviews on the LimeLife site, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of LimeLife. Please do not post any personal information on the LimeLife Site or in other areas that you expect to keep private.

As a registered LimeLife user, you can modify your personal information at any time by accessing your account on the LimeLife Site. Also, upon your request, LimeLife will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally remove you and your personal information from the site; however, it may be impossible to remove your entry without some residual information being retained by LimeLife, for example any information you have posted on common areas of the LimeLife Site. Registered users who wish to close their account or learn what information was collected from you, please contact us using the contact information provided below.

If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us using the information [here](http://www.limelife.com/info/contact_us.html). 
