> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the id.net privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617172931id_/http%3A//www.decentx.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DecentXposure :: privacy

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE DECENTXPOSURE.COM WEBSITE (the “Site”). By accessing and using the Site, you are hereby agreeing to be legally bound by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy (the “Policy”). Please note that the Site and any services offered therein are only offered to users 13 years of age or older. Any user that is 12 years old or younger should not use the Site and exit the Site immediately. If you do not agree with all of the following terms and conditions, please do not use the Site. 

We are committed to protecting our users’ (the “User”) privacy. To that end, we offer this statement to inform the User as to how we define, gather and utilize personal information. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter the Policy at any time. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, we may occasionally notify the User by e-mail about changes to the Site or provide notices of changes by displaying notices or links to notices to the User generally on the Site. As a result, please review this policy periodically. The User’s continued use of the Site following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute the User’s acceptance of the revised privacy policy. 

DecentXposure, LLC (“DecentXposure”) is the sole owner of the personal information collected on the Site. We do not sell, share or rent this information to others. We gather information on the User in two different ways: (1) cookie technology; and (2) voluntary submissions for the purposes of redeeming _DecentXposure_ credit for prices. We never use, store, gather or request personal financial information from the User. 

When the User enrolls in the Site or orders products from us, we collect personally identifiable information. If you order one or more of the products from our prize store, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, shipping address, product selections, order number, referring URL, IP address and a password. We collect this and other information for the sole purpose of filling your order and to communicate with you about your order. Before confirming your order, the User will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains. These changes will be automatically kept for future use. We will not provide third parties with access to your individual account information, unless stated otherwise on the Site. 

We have taken steps to ensure that the User’s personally identifiable information collected is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to its database servers, as well as electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access. 

We encourage the User to be smart about choosing when and with whom to release information online. Additionally, we will allow the User or their parents to opt out of the DecentXposure.com database. 

Cookies   
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the User’s hard drive containing information about the User. Cookies are tied to personal information provided by users at registration in order to provide a personalized user interface and maintain the session identification. By setting a cookie on our site, the User does not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If the User rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to not using cookie technology is that the User will have limited use of some areas of our site. For example, the User will not be able to participate in any of our promotions that take place, or collect credits that can be exchanged for prize merchandise. 

Sharing   
We do not share any personally identifiable information with third parties without the User’s prior expressed permission. We will share aggregate demographic information with our partners and advertisers. However, this aggregate information is not tied to any personally identifiable information. 

Hyperlinks to Third Party Sites   
The appearance of external hyperlinks does not constitute endorsements by _DecentXposure_ , its subsidiaries and affiliates of the opinions or views expressed by these websites and _DecentXposure_ does not verify, endorse, or take responsibility for the accuracy, currency, completeness or quality of the content contained in these sites. Furthermore, _DecentXposure_ is not responsible for the quality or delivery of the products or services offered, accessed, obtained or advertised by such sites. As such, neither _DecentXposure_ , its subsidiaries and affiliates will be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information (the “Information”) or postings from the User. Be advised that in no event shall _DecentXposure_ assume or have any responsibility or liability for the manner in which the Information or postings are exploited or for any claims, damages, or losses resulting from their use and/or appearance on these sites. Finally, _DecentXposure_ will under no circumstances be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special loss or other damage of any kind whatsoever, whether arising from negligence, breach of contract, defamation, infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights, caused by the exhibition, distribution or exploitation of any information or content contained within these sites. 

Surveys and assignments   
_DecentXposure_ will periodically request information from the User via surveys or assignments. Participation in these surveys or assignments is completely voluntary and the User may choose whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), demographic information (such as zip code), and electronic recordings of the User’s voice. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Any third parties involved in prize fulfillment will not be permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. 

Special offers   
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established Users will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and other promotions. The User may opt not to receive these types of communications. 

Site and service updates   
_DecentXposure_ will also send the User site and service announcement updates. _DecentXposure_ communicates with the User to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone. The User may elect not to receive these services. Please see our choice and opt-out below. 

Correction/updating personal information   
The User may correct or update personal information by clicking on the “edit my profile” button on the “[Account](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617172931id_/http%3A//www.decentx.com/account.asp)” page or by emailing our Customer Support via email at [support@decentxposure.com](mailto:support@decentxposure.com). 

Choice/opt-out   
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our registration form has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so users who promote music with us, but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists. Users who no longer wish to receive our automatic project assignments may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to the email and putting “unsubscribe” in the subject line in the email or email us at [support@decentxposure.com](mailto:support@decentxposure.com). 

Notification of changes   
If we are going to use the User’s personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. The User will have a choice as to whether or not we use the User’s information in this different manner. However, if the User has opted out of communication with the site then the User will not be contacted, nor will the User’s personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect the User’s information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying the User of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also e-mail the User who has opted to receive communications from us notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. 
