> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cabelas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609060821id_/http%3A//www.cabelas.com/custserv/custserv.jsp%3FpageName%3DPrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : Cabela's

Last updated May 3, 2013  
This privacy statement applies to [www.cabelas.com](http://www.cabelas.com/) and other technology resources owned and operated by Cabela's Inc. such as mobile applications, social platforms, chat rooms, blogs and the like ("Tech Resources"). This privacy statement describes how Cabela's Inc. ("Cabela's", "we", "us", "our") collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Tech Resources. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.

[](https://privacy-policy.truste.com/click-with-confidence/ctv/en/www.cabelas.com/seal_m "Validate TRUSTe privacy certification") Cabela's Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personally identifiable information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software or other Tech Resources. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the web site, [www.cabelas.com](http://www.cabelas.com/) and not through other Tech Resources although we apply the same protections explained in this privacy statement.

If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy statement or practices, please contact us at [privacy@cabelas.com](mailto:privacy@cabelas.com;) or by contacting us by postal mail at the address below. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe [here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).

**Cabela's Inc.**  
**Privacy Compliance**  
**One Cabela Drive**  
**Sidney, NE 69160**  
[privacy@cabelas.com](mailto:privacy@cabelas.com;)

Welcome to the Cabela's Online Store. In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store, Cabela's has taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online. Our goal is to make you feel as comfortable shopping here as you would from our catalog or retail showrooms. For each visitor to our web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).

**What personally identifiable information is being collected?**  
When you visit or make use of Cabela's Tech Resources, you may be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested. For example, when you order a product, we may ask you to become a registered user of our web site, during which you will be asked for your name, shipping and billing addresses, your e-mail address, and your credit card number or other payment-related information. If you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we will also store a record of your request along with your e-mail address. In addition, our Web servers track various technical details about your visit, such as you computer's IP address and which pages you visited, however that information does not typically contain any personally identifiable information about you. We use this information to monitor and improve our Tech Resources as well as personalize your experience with Cabela's through direct on-line advertising.

We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.

When you order a gift certificate you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the party receiving the gift certificate. This information is only captured as part of this specific order process and is not stored.

Our web site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Cabela's Inc. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those web sites, your information is governed by their privacy statement. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any web site you visit.

**How is the personally identifiable information being used?**  
The personally identifiable information we collect is used to provide the products and services that you have requested or that we think you might have an interest in. It is also used to improve the content of our web site, to notify you of problems with your requests, or to update you about changes to our web site.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**With whom do we share your personally identifiable information?**  
In order to operate this web site and in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested, we occasionally need to share information with third parties. We may transmit your personally identifiable information to service providers who assist us with processing orders, shipping products to you, processing your payment information, sending you catalogs, conducting surveys and product reviews, on- and offline sweepstakes, contests or promotions, processing job applications, sending you e-mails and newsletters, and helping us decide whether to extend credit to you (for example, the Cabela's CLUB® Visa® card). We have agreements with these service providers that they will protect your privacy in accordance with our standard Privacy Statement. Some of those organizations may have their own Privacy Statements which may give you additional protections, so you are encouraged to read those statements when presented to you. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

We use software tools and service providers to help us gather and analyze information about our customers (anonymous traffic, and from time to time, individual user activity) on our web site. By reporting and tracking ads served on our site, these service providers help us conduct our business, optimize our ad campaigns through the use of data analytics, and deliver the most relevant products and services. They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

We use one or more service providers to send direct marketing messages on our behalf via email. Their only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver marketing messages that we believe are the most relevant to you. They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

We also use a service provider for tracking and processing job applications. No personally identifiable information is collected unless specifically entered by the user. This information is only used in connection with applying for a position at Cabela's Inc. You may review this vendor's privacy statement [here](http://www.kenexa.com/PrivacyPolicy) or to have your information deleted from the career database, please email to [this address](mailto:Privacy@Kenexa.com?subject=Please%20delete%20my%20information%20from%20Cabela%27s%20career%20database).

We contract with service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this web site. They will collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on our web site or on other sites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process. If you do not want these service providers to collect this information you may opt out. Opting out will not in any way affect your use of our web site.

When you download an application from us for use on your smartphone, we use a service provider to provide marketing messages to your device based on your location through their software platform. You must opt-in to both location services and push notifications in order for the application to deliver marketing messages to your device.

**Tell A Colleague**  
If you choose to use our referral service on the Corporate Outfitter section of our web site to email a colleague, we will ask you for that email address only. We will automatically send that person a one-time email inviting them to visit www.cabelas.com. We do not store the email address or any information included and it is only used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. Your colleague may contact us at our [Customer Service e-mail address](https://cabelas.custhelp.com/app/ask) to request that we remove this information from our database.

**How do I access, update, or delete my personally identifiable information?**  
If you are a registered user of the web site, you can manage many aspects of your registration information. For security reasons, however, some parts of your personally identifiable information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before such changes can be made. To request that we no longer use your information to provide our services, the removal of your testimonial, or the removal of your information from a blog or public forum, please contact us via our [Customer Service e-mail address](https://cabelas.custhelp.com/app/ask).

The online registration area will also permit you to exercise control over the use of your e-mail address, allowing you to opt-out of future e-mail messages from this web site. Unfortunately, due to various legal and recordkeeping requirements, we may be required to maintain records about your purchases or other activities on this web site. However, you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of information stored about you. If you prefer to manage your personally identifiable information via other means, you may contact us by postal mail at:

**Cabela's Inc.**  
**One Cabela Drive**  
**Sidney, NE 69160**  
[**E-mail Customer Service**](https://cabelas.custhelp.com/app/ask)

**Information about the CLUB® Visa® Program**  
When you apply for the Cabela's CLUB® Visa® Card, we submit your information to the companies which process the credit application. If you are approved, you will receive e-mails about special offers for CLUB® members, as well as the CLUB® Outdoor Review Newsletter. We will also send you, via e-mail and postal mail, information about the terms and conditions that apply to your CLUB® account, as well as various notices required by law. In addition to your registration information stored by Cabela's, the bank which issues the Visa® card, will also hold your information. In accordance with federal law, the bank which issues the Visa® card will also provide you with information regarding the bank's privacy statement. If you have any questions regarding the operation of the CLUB® Visa® program, please contact us by e-mailing "[club.e-mail@cabelas.com](mailto:club.e-mail@cabelas.com;)" or write to:

**Cabela's CLUB® Visa®**  
**One Cabela Drive**  
**Sidney, NE 69160**

**What information will be disclosed if required by law?**  
If required by law, we may provide any and all information we have about you to law enforcement or other government agencies, pursuant to a subpoena, warrant, or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction. In all cases, we will require written documentation of the request, proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request, and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request. Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency, as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request. If Cabela's Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.

**What personally identifiable information is collected in Cabela's Talk Forums, Trophy Rooms, and other Tech Resources sites?**  
On certain portions of our web site as well as through our Tech Resources, we provide message board, chat rooms, social media platforms, entry forms for contests, sweepstakes and promotions, mobile applications and other functions that are geared towards user mobility features such as status updates, check-in, and bragging rights, some with geo-tagging features. Those features may require you to provide additional registration information, such as creating a username and password, providing an e-mail address, mobile phone number or other information, and in some instances may ask for you to consent to have your registration, image or contact information shared with third parties that have partnered with Cabela's as part of the contest, sweepstake or promotion. It is important to understand that when you participate in some of these enhanced Tech Resources, much of the information you choose to provide is considered "public knowledge" and it is your responsibility to protect your own privacy. If you register to use any of these features, contests, promotions or sweepstakes, we will keep your information private, in accordance with this privacy statement, and any contest, promotion or sweepstakes rules. You have the choice of making certain information about yourself available to other users of the system. It is your responsibility to manage your account settings in order to maintain the level of privacy that you desire. If you inadvertently post private or other inappropriate information, we will do our best to assist you in removing it, but we will not be responsible for any problems arising from your errors. These enhanced Tech Resources are provided without any warranty and you use them at your own risk.

In the event you upload to us content such as commentary or photographs to any of these Tech Resources, you warrant that you have the right to publish such content and give Cabela's Inc. and it subsidiaries and affiliates the unlimited right to use such content. While you are allowing us to use the content, you always own all of your content, but we ask that you abide by the terms of services of the application service providers with respect to intellectual property rights, and to hold Cabela's harmless from any third party claims of intellectual property rights violations resulting from you uploading content to our various Tech Resources. Because of the nature of internet services and mobile/social media platforms, you may not be able to select an audience for your postings (like when you write on a Page wall or comment on an article or posting made by another). This is because some types of stories are always public stories. As a general rule, you should assume that the information will be publicly available to all who visit Cabela's. Cabela's reserves the right to approve or reject content uploaded by you.

**What are cookies and how do we use them?**  
A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user's hard drive by a web site you've visited. These types of cookies cannot identify an individual user specifically, such as by name or address, unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information such as online registration. Cabela's uses cookies to observe visitor's navigation throughout our web site. This helps us identify ways to improve the shopping experience, personalize our web site, and collect anonymous information to provide direct online advertising.

Cabela's also uses a session cookie, which is a piece of identification between your browser and our server, which helps to do things like keep track of the items in a user's shopping cart, and other information. The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case the users' session expires or they return to complete a purchase within that time frame. For the convenience of our users, we also place a cookie on the users' computer when they log in to our talk forums. This gives the advantage of not having to log back in when moving between the talk forums and the rest of the web site. We do not link cookies placed through our web site to Personally Identifiable Information.

The use of cookies and clear gifs, a tiny graphic similar in function to cookies, by our partners and service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these technologies. Our partners and service providers use cookies and clear gifs to assist us with analytics and marketing activities.

**Opting Out of Online Advertising**  
To opt-out of direct online advertising provided by www.cabelas.com, [click here](http://dtmc.cabelas.com/adinfo/adchoices_fpc_gen.html?cid=2122&cname=Cabela%27s&cmagic=abdbeb&clogo=Cabelas_logo.jpg). To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, visit Google's [Ad Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/) to customize your ad preferences and tell Google which interest-based ads you'd prefer to see. You may also opt-out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the [Google Analytics opt-out page](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). To opt-out of third party vendors' use of cookies, you may also visit the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

**What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information?**  
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling, sending an [e-mail](https://cabelas.custhelp.com/app/ask), or by writing to us at the above postal address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.

If you provide us with your e-mail address, you may receive messages about your order status, issues regarding the operations of this Web site, and messages from subsidiaries of Cabela's and other companies with operational relationships to Cabela's. You may modify your e-mail preferences by calling 1-800-237-8888 or, if you are a registered member at Cabelas.com, you may change them in the [My Account](https://www.cabelas.com/user/main.jsp) section.

If you complete the form to receive our investor package or sign up for SEC alerts via e-mail your information is provided to a third party specifically for those services and will not be used in any other manner.

If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic catalogs from us, or other notices containing information about new products and services or upcoming events. On occasion, we may make our postal mailing address lists available to subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are part of the Cabela's family of companies. We may also make our postal mailing address lists available to other direct mail companies who we believe may have products and services of interest to our customers. However, we do not share e-mail addresses with any outside organizations that do not have operational relationships with Cabela's for their own marketing purposes. If you do not wish to receive postal mailings from Cabela's, its subsidiaries, or third-party organizations, please let us know by calling, sending an [e-mail](https://cabelas.custhelp.com/app/ask), or writing to us at the above postal address. Please provide us with your exact name and postal address and state which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from future mailing lists.

We will request your telephone number or facsimile (FAX) number, and if you provide it, you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with information regarding your orders, requests for information or in reference to valuable offers from us. We do not sell or rent phone numbers.

**Security**  
**What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control?**  
Cabela's values your business and is committed to doing everything possible to make our online ordering process secure. As always, our 100% satisfaction guarantee applies to any and all purchases from Cabela's.

**Secure Ordering Process**

Any credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The Cabela's Web site uses SSL to communicate with secure browsers like Netscape and Internet Explorer. These browsers encrypt your credit card and personally identifiable information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server. Don't worry if your browser is secure or not - if it is insecure, you will not be able to purchase on our online store.

Once you have completed your order online, our security procedures do not end. We take appropriate precautions to protect the security and privacy of the information stored on our computer networks. Many of the systems which store your personally identifiable information are not connected to the Internet, reducing the likelihood of security breaches. Our systems are also housed in secure facilities, and access to your data by our employees is limited to a "need to know" basis, controlled by password protected systems, and monitored for abuse. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to phone, fax, or mail your order to us. For telephone ordering or assistance, please call 1-800-237-4444. Our fax number for orders is 1-800-496-6329 (for US/Canada 1-308-254-2200). Or, send your order to:

**Cabela's**  
**Attn: Order Processing**  
**One Cabela Drive**  
**Sidney, NE 69160**

If you have any further question regarding your online security, please contact us at 1-800-237-4444 or e-mail [Customer Service](https://cabelas.custhelp.com/app/ask).

**Children**  
In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian. If you are under age 13, you are welcome to browse our Web site. However you are not permitted to use any of the features of our site that require the collection of any personally identifiable information. If we determine that we have erroneously collected a child's information, we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records.

**Changes in this Privacy Statement**  
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
