> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cablestogo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523034800id_/http%3A//www.cablestogo.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# C2G - Privacy Policy

C2G has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We respect your privacy, and understand the concern you, our customers, may have about how your information is used. We value your trust, and take great care in responsibly handling and protecting your data. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.CablesToGo.com. By visiting this website, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Statement. 

**C2G**  
3555 Kettering Blvd.  
Moraine OH 45439  
Toll-free: 1.800.506.9607  
Local: 937.224.8646  
Fax: 937.496.2666  
[webmaster@c2g.com](mailto:webmaster@c2g.com)

###  How We Gather Personal Customer Data 

C2G is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The information that customers share enables us to provide a more valuable shopping experience through personalization and performance monitoring. C2G collects information from our users at several different points on our website. 

  1. **Registration Page:** In order to place an order on this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration, users are required to give their contact information (including name, email address, phone and fax number). This information is used to contact users about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. There are also unique identifiers (such as customer number) that are not required, but requested so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. Site registration is also required for "reseller access" which features information pertinent to resellers and requires the mailing, emailing, or faxing of a valid reseller certificate; and it is also required for "tax exempt business access" which features information relevant to our tax-exempt customers and requires the mailing, emailing, or faxing of a valid tax exemption certificate. Acceptance of reseller registration or tax exemption is not guaranteed, and is up to the discretion of C2G and its agents. 
  2. **Order Form:** We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (including name and billing address), financial information (including credit/debit card number and expiration date), and shipping information (which may be to a third party). This information is merely used for billing purposes and to fulfill a customer's order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact the customer. 
  3. **Email Newsletter:** If a user wishes to subscribe to our email newsletter, we ask for that person's email address. Customers, who have previously ordered from us within the past year and who have not unsubscribed from our email newsletter, may also receive this email newsletter. Those who choose to no longer receive this newsletter may unsubscribe by [clicking here](https://www.cablestogo.com/secure/subscriptions/unsubscribe), calling Customer Service at 1.800.506.9607 or emailing [customer-service@c2g.com](mailto:customer-service@c2g.com)
  4. **Other Emails:** For all new registrants, we send a welcome email to verify user-provided information. After a customer places an order, we will send an order confirmation email followed by an order shipment or order cancellation notification email. We occasionally may send website and service announcement update emails. Via email or phone, we will communicate with the user to provide requested services and to cover issues relating to their account. 
  5. **Catalog Request:** If a user wishes to receive a catalog, we ask for contact information (including name and mailing address). We then will mail to the provided address. Those who choose to no longer receive catalogs may optout by calling Customer Service at 1.800.506.9607 or emailing [customer-service@c2g.com](mailto:customer-service@c2g.com)
  6. **Custom Cable Quotes:** We request information via the custom cable quote request form. Here a user must provide contact information (including name, address, phone and email) as well as technical data required for efficient quote generation. We then use this information to contact the user for further technical information or to send a job quote. 
  7. **Product Reviews and Q &A:** We allow users to leave product reviews and service comments, and ask or answer product questions via the website. Providing an email address is optional but if provided we may use this information to contact you to proactively resolve a product or service issue. All reviews that are submitted are the property of C2G and we reserve the right to use and reproduce these reviews, in whole or in part, with no reference to any personally identifiable information. These reviews are usually displayed on the C2G website within 4 business days and are syndicated to [buzzillions.com](http://www.buzzillions.com/) at that time. 
  8. **Live Chat:** A visiting user may have questions that can best be answered via live chat with our customer service department. The user volunteers a name and an email address to engage in a conversation with a customer service representative. This conversation may be monitored for quality assurance purposes only, and by entering live chat, the user agrees to being contacted in the future per the subject of the conversation. 
  9. **Email to Technical Support:** A user may email our customer service department about technical issues concerning our products or pre-sales support. The user volunteers a name, an email address and technical information that may help in answering the user's questions. 
  10. **RMA Request:** While we strive for total customer satisfaction, unfortunately a customer may need to return an item for refund or exchange. In this case, the customer may enter contact information (including name and email) and product information to receive an RMA (return merchandise authorization) number that can later be used to process the return. 
  11. **Send Us Feedback:** We are always eager to hear from our customers. A user may share comments via a form that optionally requests the user's name and email address. The provided contact information is merely used to respond to the user's comments. 
  12. **Survey:** From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zipcode, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. 
  13. **Refer To Friend:** If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask the user for the friend's name and email address. For each request, C2G will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting the friend to visit the site. C2G stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, and we will only use this data for the specific reason it was provided. The friend may contact C2G at [customer-service@c2g.com](mailto:customer-service@c2g.com) to request the removal of this information from the database. A user may also use a third-party referral service (such as Facebook or Digg). Please understand that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third-party sites. You can find out more about how those third-party websites collect and use personal information by visiting those individual websites. 
  14. **Testimonials:** Customers may share their personal experiences with the usage of our products. These testimonials are monitored to ensure accuracy and to eliminate the use of any objectionable language. We reserve the right to display or remove any testimonial at any time per our discretion. To protect the privacy of these customers while also confirming the validity of the testimonial, only an incomplete reference name with state is displayed with the comments. By sharing the comments, a customer agrees that: The use of the comments, in whole or in part, is at our complete discretion; the use may be locally, nationally, or globally; this use is perpetual and may be assigned to us; the use may occur via any media, whether current or later developed; and this use occurs without compensation. 



Sometimes, we obtain customer information from third-party providers to identify potential customers that we may contact via direct mail or email. We knowingly only contact people who have requested third-party marketing communications. 

Other non-personal information we collect regards your interactions with our website. Examples of this data include internet protocol (IP) address that connects your computer to the internet, computer and connection information including browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating systems, and the referral Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream data to our website. This non-personal information is used internally in aggregate form to analyze trends, administer the site, track general user navigation patterns, and gather broad demographic information for marketing usage. 

In select website areas, we may use software tools such as JavaScript to gather session information including page response times, visit times, and surfing history. JavaScript is also employed to provide a faster online shopping experience. Users can choose to disable JavaScript via their individual browser settings; however doing so will prevent some areas of the website (such as checkout) from working properly. 

###  How We Use This Data 

Information we collect online may be used to provide you access to certain parts of the website, to enable you to purchase products from our site, to allow us to fulfill any orders or supply any information you have requested, to collect payment from you as appropriate, to contact you regarding any financial transactions or information requests, to customize your personal online shopping experience, to analyze our performance so we can improve our service level, and to produce aggregate data (that does not include personally identifiable information) for analysis. 

We partner with third-party service providers who perform work on our behalf, and share personal information only as necessary for the third party to provide contracted services. These providers may only use the data we provide them to do what is required to assist us. Our third-party service providers include: outside shipping companies (UPS™ and FedEx®) to deliver orders, a credit/debit card processing company (Chase™ Paymentech) to bill users for goods and services, an email delivery provider to send promotional and transactional emails (GlobalIntellisystems), various web analytic tools, and various printing, mailing, and/or marketing service providers. 

These companies are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services, and do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We will not knowingly sell or rent your personal information to anyone without your express permission with the exception that we reserve the right to disclose your personal information when, in our judgment, we believe it is necessary or appropriate to prevent injury, harm or fraud to individuals or property; to report activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful; to protect our rights or the rights of others; or to comply as required by law. 

For the website to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it may be necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with data from third-party sources. For example, to determine if a customer qualifies for one of our credit cards, we may use the customer's name and social security number to request a credit report. Once we determine a customer's creditworthiness, this document is destroyed. 

###  How You Can Change Your Information Including Removal From Marketing Communications 

You always have the choice to not disclose personal information although it may be required to purchase items or fully utilize some sections of the website. You can access your online information anytime to view and/or modify this data by [clicking here](https://www.cablestogo.com/secure/account/edit). You must have your username and password available to access your account. If you forget your password, [click here](https://www.cablestogo.com/secure/password). If you forget both your username and password, please call customer service at 1.800.506.9607 or [customer-service@c2g.com](mailto:customer-service@c2g.com) for this information. 

To remove your name from our email list, [click here](https://www.cablestogo.com/secure/subscriptions/unsubscribe), click the Unsubscribe link located in any promotional email, or email us at [webmaster@c2g.com](mailto:webmaster@c2g.com). Per current law, your request will be honored within 10 business days. 

To remove your name from our marketing list and to no longer receive direct mail, [click here](https://www.cablestogo.com/secure/subscriptions/unsubscribe). Please make sure to include as complete a list as possible of all past and current email addresses, mailing addresses, and telephone numbers to help us efficiently process your request. Due to time delays in receiving your request or incorrect/incomplete information, you may still receive direct mail after your request for us to stop. If this occurs, please contact us directly. 

###  How We Protect Your Security 

This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, the information is protected both online and offline. 

Our site has obtained a digital certificate, and has been identified as a "Secure Site" by Verisign®, a leader in computer network security. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as your credit/debit card number), we encrypt that data and protect the transmission of that information by using the most advanced form of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software: 128-bit encryption by VeriSign. 

You can confirm the security of your data when you enter the secure part of a website (any part of a website which can display any personal information). For older browsers such as Internet Explorer version 6, you should see the lock icon at the bottom of the browser become locked (vs. unlocked or open when you are visiting a non-secure page). For newer browsers the URL address bar or the bottom right corner should show a golden lock, and the URL address should be highlighted in green. If the URL address is highlighted in red and/or shows a certificate error message in the address bar or in a popup window, the security for that page may be compromised. To learn more about SSL, visit [http://www.verisign.com](http://www.verisign.com/). 

For further security, we're proud to display McAfee® Hacker Safe® certification which authenticates a daily test to ensure CablesToGo.com passes their rigorous security scan. This is the most comprehensive web security certification service available, and research confirms that sites remotely scanned in this manner, can prevent over 99% of hacker crime. Finally, we also belong to BBBOnline®, part of the Better Business Bureau®, and will work to quickly resolve any customer complaints in accordance with BBB® procedures. 

We do not transmit your credit card number when confirming your order. Only the last four digits of your credit card number are revealed on the web order confirmation page. In order to charge your credit/debit card, we securely send the complete credit card number to a third-party credit processing company while following internet best practices. 

Besides using SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information offline. All user information, not just the sensitive data mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. We operate in a secured, locked facility that requires all employees to scan in and wear valid ID badges. We limit access to personal information so that it is only used by authorized individuals for the appropriate reasons. Security cameras plus an alarm system throughout the building restrict access to the public. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screensavers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must reenter their password to regain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, all CablesToGo.com web and database servers which store personal information are located and maintained in a secure, locked location; only employees with appropriate security clearance can access this restricted area. Database access is closely monitored and protected from the outside. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to [webmaster@c2g.com](mailto:webmaster@c2g.com). 

###  How We Protect Children 

CablesToGo.com does not sell products for children to buy. If you are under the age of 18, please use this website only with the direct supervision of a parent or guardian. Per the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information online from children under the age of 13. CablesToGo.com is committed to protecting the privacy of children. 

###  What Are Cookies and How Are They Used? 

A cookie is a small alphanumeric file that is transferred and then stored on the user's computer hard drive via your web browser. The data stored in the cookie will be linked to the personal information you may provide while visiting our website. The cookie enables our website to simply remember the interests of our users and to recognize a customer so that the website can customize content to enhance and personalize the online experience. For example, by setting a cookie on our site, the user does not have to login a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. You may choose to reject the cookie via your browser's settings; however, you will be limited in the functionality of some areas of the website and will not be able to register or place an order. 

Once the user closes their browser, the cookie's function simply terminates. We only use cookies to track your visit on our website; once you leave CablesToGo.com, we do not use cookies to view your actions outside of our website. If you have any concern about cookies persisting on your computer, please use your browser to manually erase them once you leave our website. 

This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we (C2G) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, and that this privacy statement does not cover the usage of cookies by our third-party service providers. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. 

###  Notification of Changes 

From time to time, we may change our privacy statement. We will maintain the most current version of our privacy statement online [here](https://web.archive.org/about/privacy-policy). If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy statement under which the information was collected. 

###  Contacting the Website 

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at: 

**C2G**  
3555 Kettering Blvd.  
Moraine OH 45439  
Toll-free: 1.800.506.9607  
Local: 937.224.8646  
Fax: 937.496.2666  
[webmaster@c2g.com](mailto:webmaster@c2g.com)

Effective Date: April 21, 2009 
