> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 192.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212110909id_/http%3A//www.192.com/privacypolicy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 192.com - Privacy Policy

###  Last Updated: 15th July 2005 

##  About www.192.com

192.com has been providing online directory enquiries since 1997. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users by keeping all personal information that we collect secure and by only using such data for the purpose(s) for which it was collected and for which we have our users’ consent. While our objective is to provide the most comprehensive UK directory of people and businesses we also respect the choice of people to be removed from particular published databases. We are registered with the Office of the Information Commissioner under the Data Protection Act 1998. 

## Information that we collect during the registration process 

If you register with 192.com we will ask you to provide a small amount of personal information including, but not limited to, your name, address and email address. This information helps us to ensure that your account is protected and allows us to display private information to you about your account. Your e-mail address is used as your 192.com username, but it also provides us with a means of contacting you about your account, about the service we offer and to promote our products and services to you. Subject to having gained your consent to do so during the registration process we may send you offers and promotions from carefully selected third parties. You may [unsubscribe](http://www.192.com/account/changeemailprefs.cfm) from receiving such promotions at any time.

##  Personally Identifiable Information 

We do not share Personally identifiable Information with Third Parties. 

**Choice/Opt-out** We provide you with the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product/ser vice but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.

##  The 192.com Newsletter 

When you register with 192.com we will seek your consent to send you our monthly newsletter by email through which we will keep you informed about our service and provide offers and promotions. Users who do not wish to receive our newsletter can [unsubscribe](http://www.192.com/account/changeemailprefs.cfm) at any time. If a user no longer wishes to receive newsletters or promotional communications they may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions in each newsletter or communication or by e-mailing us at: [feedback@192.com](mailto:feedback@192.com) or a user can unsubscribe by going to **Your Account** , and selecting: **change e-mail preferences.** In addition a user can write to: Customer Service, i-CD Publishing (UK) Ltd. Units 8-10 Quayside Lodge, William Morris Way, London, SW6 2UZ to opt-out. 

##  Access to Personally identifiable Information 

If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update or delete it by making the change on our member information page, **Your Account** , or by emailing Customer Support at: [feedback@192.com](mailto:feedback@192.com). Alternatively you can contact us by writing to us at: 

**Units 8-10 Quayside Lodge, William Morris Way, London, SW6 2UZ.**

You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that third party. 

## Supplementary Information 

We may also collect supplementary information about you from other sources such as public records or information obtained by other companies and legitimately supplied to 192.com.

##  Does anyone else have access to my information? 

Except where detailed elsewhere in this policy 192.com does not disclose your personal information to any other person or organisation except when we may disclose personal information to our employees and companies acting as data processors on our behalf. In addition we may disclose information if required to do so by law or in the good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (i) comply with the legal process, (ii) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of 192.com, our users or the public.

##  Information that we collect about your usage of the service 

We keep automatic logs of usage by all users (whether registered or not) including the IP (Internet Protocol) address from which a user session was conducted, the date and time of each search made and the results provided in response to a search. We may use this information to assist in improving the nature and quality of the service we offer; we may, if requested by data subjects, provide them with details of searches conducted on them; and we also reserve the right to pass on such logs to the police in the event that it might assist with an investigation. We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. ** **

##  Survey Data 

Some of our users earn free credits on 192.com by participating in contests or surveys on our site; either our own, or third party surveys and contests. Users who choose to do so are clearly informed about the kind of personal information they are required to disclose and how it will be used. ****

In addition we offer other survey or contest opportunities that are not directly related to earning free credits. If a user participates in any of our surveys or contests, we will request personally identifiable information from them. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and they therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as postcode). 

We use this information to ****help us improve our products and services and gain valuable statistics on customer activity on our site. Survey information collected by 192.com is not sold to third parties. ****

We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.

##  Cookies 

Most web sites automatically recall information about their users through the use of cookies. These are small pieces of information that we will deposit on your computers hard drive when you use 192.com. Each time you return to 192.com this information will be automatically sent back to our servers enabling us to identify the computer that is connected to the site and to recall your personal settings for use of our site. Cookies do not contain personal information. 

Some of our business partners (e.g. advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. See “Third Party Advertisers”. 

This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by 192.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by advertisers.

##  Third Party Advertisers 

Our Web site uses ad servers (such as DoubleClick) to serve the advertisements that you see on pages of our Web site. That partner uses cookies to help target ads to you. To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and opt-out procedures of AdLINK, please click here. .

## How to have your record removed from databases that we publish 

We publish several databases on which your details might appear. The action necessary by you to have your data removed from a particular database (or if you wish to correct your entry) is different depending on which database is concerned: 

  * **Telephone Directory** – 192.com is licensed to provide Directory Enquiries information by British Telecom PLC. Our use of this database is governed by the Telecommunications Directory Information Fair Processing Code published by the ICO. However if you wish to remove your record from the Directory Enquiry database you need to contact your telecom operator who will on request exclude you from the database that is provided to Directory Enquiry providers. 
  * **Electoral Roll & Enhanced Directory **– Over and above our statutory duties 192.com allows users to remove themselves for free from the Electoral Roll that is specifically published by 192.com. Please click [this link](http://www.192.com/downloads/C01.pdf), download the form and fax it back to us on: 0906 3434 192 
  * **Dun & Bradstreet Company Information** **** – Please contact Dun & Bradstreet Customer Service Department at [customerhelp@dnb.com](mailto:customerhelp@dnb.com). 



###  Directors Database 

The Directors Database is a public database collated by Companies House. Only under very unusual circumstances will Companies House allow a director’s details to be made anonymous. Should you wish to investigate this possibility please contact Companies House: [http://www.dti.gov.uk/access/ria/companylaw.htm](http://www.dti.gov.uk/access/ria/companylaw.htm%20)

###  Stop all Junk Mail and unsolicited phone calls 

To remove your record from all Direct Marketing databases and prevent companies sending unwanted mail or making unwanted telephone calls to you, you can register on the MPS and TPS database which is maintained by the DMA. ****

#### Mailing Preference Service (MPS)

Mailing Preference Service (MPS)   
DMA House  
70 Margaret Street  
London  
W1W 8SS 

MPS Registration line: 0845 703 4599   
Tel: 020 7291 3310   
Fax: 020 7323 4226   
E-mail: [mps@dma.org.uk](mailto:mps@dma.org.uk)   
Web: [www.mpsonline.org.uk](http://www.mpsonline.org.uk/)  
Licence Department: 020 7291 3327  
Complaints Department: 020 7291 3321 

####  Telephone Preference Service (TPS)

**** Telephone Preference Service (TPS)  
DMA House  
70 Margaret Street  
London  
W1W 8SS 

TPS Registration line : 0845 070 0707   
Tel: 020 7291 3320   
Fax: 020 7323 4226   
E-mail: [tps@dma.org.uk](mailot:tps@dma.org.uk)  
Web: [www.tpsonline.org.uk  
](http://www.tpsonline.org.uk/)Licence Department: 020 7291 3326   
Complaints Department: 020 7291 3323 

Once registered it is an offence for a company to contact you unsolicited (with a fine of £5,000). 

##  Data Security 

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). To learn more about SSL please click here. (insert link) 

Personal Information that you provide is stored on secure servers compliant with the strict procedures required by the Data Protection Act 1998. These cover the storage and disclosure of information you provide and the prevention of unauthorised access. Credit card transactions are all encrypted before transactions take place to protect your personal details. 

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

If you have any questions about security on our web site, you can e-mail us at: [feedback@192.com](mailto:feedback@192.com). 

##  Your Acceptance of our Terms 

By using 192.com you signify your acceptance of the 192.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our policy, you may not use our service. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this privacy page and other places we deem appropriate. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time so it should be reviewed frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify users here... Continued use of our service following the posting of any changes will signify acceptance of those changes. 

##  Give us your views 

Your comments are important to us and help us improve the service we offer. If you have any comments regarding our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at: [feedback@192.com](mailto:feedback@192.com) or write to: Customer Service, i-CD Publishing (UK) Ltd. Units 8-10 Quayside Lodge, William Morris Way, London, SW6 2UZ. 

##  TRUSTe 

i-CD Publishing ( UK) Ltd. Is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organisation whose mission is to build users’ trust in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site [www.192.com](http://www.192.com/). Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Customer Support at: feedback @192.com. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your enquiry or your enquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at: 

<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>. 

TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.

The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site. 
