> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uselectionatlas.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190403204545id_/https%3A//uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections - Terms of Service and Privacy

**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy sets out how this site uses and protects any information that you give Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections when you use this website. Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 15 March 2019.

If at any time you have questions about our privacy practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach me using this [ Contact Form](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/email.php)

**Information Collection**

**Registration**  
In order to use certain interactive features of this website, a user must first complete a registration form. There are two sections of this website, The Atlas Forum, and the Atlas, each with a separate registration form. During registration, a user is required to give the following information:  
Forum Account Registration: Username and email address. The site will also collect the user's IP address.

Atlas Account Registration: First & Last name, email address, city, state/province/country. For registration to the atlas student license, the user's school, and graduation year are required. The site will also collect the user's IP address.

The following optional information may be provided at the user's preference:  
Forum registration: other data volunteered in your profile/ultimate profile or user-interactive features.

Atlas registration: party affiliation, home county and other data volunteered on your myatlas page or user-interactive features.

**Cookies and other tracking scripts**  
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree (manually or automatic through your web browser), the file is added. Specific cookies, for example allow you to remain logged into the web site, help analyze web traffic, or let you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. 

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to selectively decline cookies from this web site or from third parties if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

This site uses cookies to store your log-in and session information for the forum/wiki section of the website and a separate cookie to store your log-in information for the Atlas section of the website. The site sometimes places a cookie to track number of visits and date of last visit for statistical purposes.

This site uses traffic log cookies from Google Analytics to identify which pages are being used and collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of this website is transmitted to Google. This information is processed to compile statistical reports on website activity for this site only. Analysis of these data about web page traffic allows the site to improve and tailored to customer needs. I only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. 

This site uses cookies from third party vendors, including Google, to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this and other websites.

Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users of this website based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the internet Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ad Settings through the AdChoices link on the banner. 

**Information Use and Sharing**

**How we use information we collect**  
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

\- direct contact for reasons related to your use of the website such as atlas membership and data set purchases.  
-school and year of graduation are used internally for atlas student license verification   
-ip address is used internally to help in cases of abuse or violations of the terms of service  
-city/state/province/country and party affiliation may be presented on the website publicly as part of your interactive profile in posts.  
-Internal record keeping including service optimization, website stats.   
-We may use the information to improve our products and services.   
-We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. (only applies to atlas accounts) 

**Communicating with you.**  
We may contact you directly such as necessary to deliver transactional or website related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you'll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests. These contacts may include:  
-Email

**Sharing with trusted third parties.**  
The website does not share your identifiable personal data with third parties. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. Anonymous data may be shared with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:  
-Serving advertisements  
-Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics

**Data about Usage of Services**  
Is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs and location information. This information includes specific data about your interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data, and some of this data collected might be capable of and be used to approximate your location. 

**Your Choices**

You may choose not to register for this website's interactive features.

Atlas Account: You may opt out of promotional emails through your preferences on your [atlas account](https://uselectionatlas.org/myatlas.php)

Forum Account: You may update your forum subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from this website by signing into your account and visiting your Profile -> Notifications page.

You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). You may also opt-out of [Google's advertising tracking cookies](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads) (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](https://aboutads.info/))

**Access to Your Information**

You may view details and edit information which is stored on the site about you by visiting your [atlas accout](https://uselectionatlas.org/myatlas.php) and your forum profile page. If you need assistance viewing, editing or removing any information stored on the site, please send an email via [the contact form](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/email.php).

**Security**

**How we store and secure information we collect**  
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information the site collects online.

This website uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) on all pages with forms to encrypt the data for the protection of the privacy and integrity of the exchanged data while in transit.

The server hosting the data is physically located and professionally managed by a third party hosting service, including a security team to monitor for and correct any server vunerabilities.

While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.

**Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests.**  
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.

**Transfer of personal data abroad.**  
If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders

**Links to other websites**  
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**Redress**

If at any time you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via this [ Contact Form](https://uselectionatlas.org/BOTTOM/email.php)

© Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Elections, LLC 2019 All Rights Reserved
