> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the useqwitter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519124056id_/http%3A//useqwitter.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# useQwitter.com - Privacy Policy

Qwitter respects and protects the privacy of our customers and those who use our website and our email digests. The following Privacy Statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used. This privacy statement applies to but not limitied to the Qwitter website, products and services that are located within, and the Qwitter newsletter. 

## 1\. Introduction

  1. Welcome to useqwitter.com (the "Site"), which is owned and operated by The Next Web Holding B.V. ("Qwitter") and provides: 
    * electronic messaging aggregation and accessibility services known as Qwitter; 
    * delivery of aggregated messages in the form of e-mail updates; and 
    * related services (collectively, (a)-(c) above are the "Services"). 
  2. Qwitter fully appreciates the need to protect the privacy of users of the Site and/or the Services (individually, a "User" and collectively, the "Users"). As a result, your privacy is very important to us, and this Privacy Policy identifies and explains the types of information we may gather along with potential users and uses of that information. 
  3. Qwitter reserves the right to change all or a portion of this Privacy Policy at any time with or without individual notice to you, and your continued use of the Services or the Site constitutes your binding acceptance of any such changes. Changes to the Privacy Policy shall become effective upon posting to the Site. You may always review the most current version of our Privacy Policy by accessing the Site. 
  4. Please be advised that use of the Site and the Services are subject to and controlled by Qwitter's Terms of Service ("TOS"). By using the Services, you evidence your complete and unqualified acceptance of the TOS, which creates a binding contract between us with respect to your duty to comply with the TOS. All capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the TOS unless otherwise expressly defined in this Privacy Policy. 



## 2\. Information Gathered by Qwitter

  1. Qwitter is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. 
  2. Qwitter may gather personal information about you that is provided or transmitted by Users of the Site and/or the Services. We may also gather aggregated tracking information regarding overall usage of the Site and the Services, such as but not limited to tallies of page views and click-through activity and/or the number of messages sent via the Services. We also keep track of activity on our website via log files stored on our web servers. We collect information such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site and any links you click on to leave our site. We use our logs of your website activity to assist us in offering you a personalized Web experience, to assist you with technical support, to diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to tailor our product and service offerings to you. 
  3. Our website offers several opportunities for visitors to register for promotional and informational mailings. These registration forms enable users to opt-in to Qwitters's mailing lists and require users to give contact information (such as email address). We use this contact information to send information about our company and our products and services. Notice is given at the point of collection to enable users to choose whether or not they consent to the usage terms. Those who have signed up and subsequently wish to withdraw their participation may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time (see the choice/opt-out section below). 
  4. Registration, Payment & Support: We may obtain information that is provided during any voluntary or mandatory registration process, online payment transaction or request for technical support, which may include without limitation the User's name, postal address, e-mail addresses, cell and landline phone numbers, e-mail service providers, social network providers and certain demographic information, such as age and gender. We may ask you to provide one or more e-mail addresses and/or social network usernames. This information is only collected when required to authenticate your access to the e-mail account or social network as well as to provide the Services. We may also obtain this information when collected by third parties that have a business relationship with Qwitter and to whom you have provided such information. If payment is required for the Services, Qwitter will request your name, mailing address, phone number, credit card information and other information to securely process the financial transaction. We shall maintain your e-mail addresses, password and billing information in strict confidence. We will use your personally identifiable information to provide the Services, notify you of technical or billing information, or inform you of changes in the Services. 



## 3\. Information Collection and Use by Our Customers

You may be asked to provide certain personal information to our customers in connection with their use of our products and services, such as when you respond to a survey or register for an event. If you choose to provide personal information to one of our customers, you should review the individual privacy policy of that customer. Qwitter is not responsible for the privacy practices of our customers. 

## 4\. Security and Privacy

  1. We take every precaution to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information by using industry recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we collect sensitive account information such as passwords, we protect its transmission through the use of encryption such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. 
  2. Qwitter takes care to reinforce the importance of our website visitors' security and privacy among our employees. Our employees are required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only. Additionally, we use internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security procedures. 
  3. We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with third parties for their promotional use. Occasionally, we enter into contracts with third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing customer service). The contracts prohibit them from using any of your personal information for their own purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them. We may also disclose certain information to partners who introduced you to Qwitter's services. In the event that ownership of Qwitter was to change as a result of a merger or acquisition by another company, your Qwitter information may be transferred. Qwitter will provide you notice prior to any such transfer of your Qwitter information. Qwitter may also use your personal information to facilitate suspension or termination of a User's access to or use of the Site and/or the Services as permitted under the TOS. 
  4. Qwitter reserves the right to disclose your personal information to courts, law enforcement authorities and/or other relevant third parties when such disclosure is necessary or advisable, at Qwitter's sole discretion, to bring legal action or pursue other relief when a User or third party is or may be: 
    * violating the TOS; 
    * causing injury or other harm to, or otherwise violating Qwitter's property or other legal rights, or those of other Users or third parties; or 
    * violating federal, state, local, or other applicable law. 
  5. We use security practices and systems to protect your personal information that is retained by us, but Qwitter cannot guarantee absolute or unqualified protection of this information given the open nature and resulting instability of the Internet and World Wide Web. 
  6. Accordingly, Qwitter makes no representations or warranties as to the effectiveness of its security and assumes no liability for security breaches made possible by any failure in its security practices or systems, or any failure in the security of your computer equipment, your ISP or other networks and communications providers. 



## 5\. Cookies and Web Beacons

  1. We use a variety of technologies on our sites. Among these are cookies: a text only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember your browser in the future. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a unique number. When you visit our website, open our email, or encounter our services online (perhaps on a customer's website) we may send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in many ways: they allow us to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website, track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our affiliate signup programs, and track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign. Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, enabling us to make your visit to our website easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience.   
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you may still use our site; however, you may have limited access to some areas within our website. For more information on how to manage cookies in your web browser, see http://www.aboutcookies.org. Some of our web pages, emails, and other online content may contain electronic images known as web beacons, also known as single pixel GIFs, which are invisible graphical images. These web beacons allow us to count users who have visited our web pages, seen our ads, or opened our email. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as a cookie identifier, time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides (the URL). 
  2. When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web Beacons cannot be declined when delivered via a regular web page. However, Web Beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive Web Beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software. 



## 6\. Online Advertising

We also use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners; they enable our partners to ecognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. With both cookies and web beacons, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.

## 7\. Choice/Opt-out

Qwitter's Anti-Spam Policy tolerates only permission-based email. In addition, users always have the opportunity to opt-out or change preferences via a link in all non-transactional email messages. These options are made available when you sign-up for our email lists and in email messages delivered from our company. If you believe that you have received an unsolicited commercial email from Qwitter on behalf of any of our customers, you may report it to us at support@useqwitter.com. Qwitter may unilaterally issue "return-receipt," "confirmation of receipt" or similar messages to Recipients and Senders of Messages, which confirm delivery of a Message and/or alert the Sender to existing, new or up-coming features of the Service. Some communications such as important account notifications and billing information are considered transactional and are necessary for all Qwitter customers. You must cancel your Qwitter account to unsubscribe from these communications. To cancel your Qwitter account, please email us at support@useqwitter.com.

## 8\. Links

Some of our sites provide links to third-party websites, such as those of our business partners and online advertising partners. While on these sites, Qwitter or its partners may collect information about you. Because Qwitter does not control the information policies or practices of these third parties, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personally identifiable information.

## 9\. Notification of Changes

This policy is in effect as of April 2010. If we decide to change our privacy policy in any material way, we will post those changes on the Qwitter Website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 
