> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the usersnap.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150331101056id_/https%3A//usersnap.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Usersnap has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.

## What information do we collect from website visitors?

If you are one of our website visitors, we may collect non-personally-identifying information such as the browser type you are using, referring site and date and time of each visit. We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or email address.

## What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you (either personally-identifying) or non-personally-identifying) may be used in one of the following ways:

  * To personalize your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
  * To improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
  * To improve customer service: your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
  * To process transactions
  * Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
  * To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
  * To send periodic emails
  * The email addresses you provide, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Please note, that using certain Usersnap-services necessarily requires you to receive emails.



## How do we protect your information?

We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.

After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

## Do we use cookies?

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.

## Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

## California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.

## Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Remarketing

We are using Google, Inc. ("Google") remarketing features to display ads on the Google Display Network (GDN). That is, Google may deliver our ads on sites across the web which are related to a former visit of you to our site. This is done by creating visitors lists based on stored cookies in your browser. In no case we will link personal information to these ads. If you would like to opt out of Google's use of cookies you might want to visit the [Ads Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/). Alternatively we would like to point you to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.networkadvertising.org%2Fmanaging%2Fopt_out.asp&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGLrN7Q3yfX4kPIuQhtUNKfQMyCNg).

## Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our [websites privacy policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy).

In case you want your personal data removed permanently, please contact us: [help@usersnap.com](mailto:help@usersnap.com).

## Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on August 27, 2014

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information provided on our [contact page](https://web.archive.org/contact).
