> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the users.sescout.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120608232848id_/http%3A//sescout.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Search engine rank tracker (SERP TRACKER) used by top SEOs

**Privacy Policy**  
Your Privacy is critically important to us. At SEscout we have a few fundamental principles:  
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.  
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.  
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.

Below is our Privacy Policy which incorporates these goals:

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, SEscout collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. SEscout’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how SEscout’s visitors use its website. From time to time, SEscout may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  
SEscout also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments our website. SEscout only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.  
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information  
Certain visitors to SEscout’s websites choose to interact with SEscout in ways that require SEscout to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that SEscout gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.  
Our web site is primarily designed to help you share prediction with the world. Most of the information you provide to us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the prediction you share and the metadata provided with predictions but also the people you favorite, the prediction you mark as favorites or interact and many other bits of information. You should be careful about all information that will be made public by SEscout, not just your predictions. 

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
SEscout discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on SEscout behalf or to provide services available at SEscout’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using SEscout’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. SEscout will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, SEscout discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena or court order, or when SEscout believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of SEscout, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an SEscout website and have supplied your email address, SEscout may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with SEscout and our products. We primarily use blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. SEscout takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. 

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SEscout uses cookies to help SEscout identify and track visitors, their usage of SEscout website, and their website access preferences. SEscout visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using SEscout’s website, with the drawback that certain features of SEscout’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Ads**  
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by SEscout and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SEscout may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SEscout’s sole discretion. SEscout encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
