> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jingit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150317134813id_/https%3A//www.jingit.com/home/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jingit - Privacy Policy

## Jingit Privacy Policy

### Introduction

Thank you for using the Jingit mobile applications or Jingit web properties such as www.jingit.com. The Jingit mobile applications (or “apps”) and Jingit web properties, are owned and operated by Jingit, LLC. (“Jingit”). Together or individually, as the context in this Privacy Policy requires, we refer to the Jingit apps and web properties as the “Jingit Service”. At Jingit, we understand the importance of your privacy and are building innovative methods to allow you to manage it. We are committed to protecting your privacy and keeping your experience on the Jingit Service secure, enjoyable, efficient and easy.

### Personal Information Collected Through the Jingit Service

In an effort to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use the Jingit Service and access our services, when you register through the Jingit Service, we collect certain personally identifiable information (collectively, the “Personal Information”). For example, we may ask for certain basic information to complete and submit your application for various payment options (eGift cards, bank account linking, debit card linking, etc.), or in order to service your Jingit account or other accounts linked to Jingit. This information may include: your name, e-mail address, telephone number and payment information such as your bank account or credit card number. Additionally, Jingit may request information about what you like and do not like about the Jingit Service. By knowing your preferences, Jingit may provide services and other special offerings on a personalized basis. Any data provided during the registration process, including information that is provided by or acquired through a third party site, will become part of your Personal Information to the extent it identifies you personally and will become information owned by Jingit. Jingit utilizes secure encryption technology that is industry standard or higher to assure the privacy and security of any Personal Information you submit through the Jingit Service. Our legal advisors require us to add that no security technology or practice is infallible. Please see the section of this policy titled “Security of Personal Information” below.

As permitted under applicable law, we may use the information we collect through the Jingit Service for various other business purposes such as customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our products and services. We may combine your Personal Information with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other reputable sources. In addition, we may remove all the personally identifiable information from data we collect, and combine such anonymous data with other aggregated data compiled by Jingit for historical, research or statistical purposes. Because such anonymous aggregated data does not include Personal Information from which the identity of an individual can be determined, Jingit reserves the right to use aggregated data in any way it considers appropriate.

You may receive advertising, promotional and other similar materials from Jingit in print and/or electronic format, however your receipt of such promotional communications from Jingit is optional. In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, you will be given the opportunity to manage and unsubscribe from these promotional emails. IT IS JINGIT’S POLICY TO NEVER SEND PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS TO CUSTOMERS THAT HAVE “OPTED-OUT” OF RECEIVING SUCH INFORMATION.

You may also receive notifications from Jingit in print and/or electronic format relating to actions or inactions that affect your account, or information we believe you should have concerning your account. We refer to these as “transactional notifications” and they may be triggered by your actions, actions taken on your behalf, the actions of others, or changes in the status of your account. Examples include notifications of: an email address verification or a password reset, a triggered thank you, a balance update, a re-engagement, or certain kinds of inaction by you. These notifications may be delivered in print or email or on a mobile device. While you may not have the opportunity to unsubscribe from transactional notifications, if you have questions about them, or you believe you are receiving notifications in error, please contact support@jingit.com.

### Collection of Non-Personal Information

We collect non-personal information about your use of the Jingit Service through the use of a standard technology referred to as “cookies.” Cookies allow Jingit to monitor the number of people using the Jingit Service to determine which aspects of the Jingit Service are most popular among visitors and users, to determine the length of time visitors and users access the Jingit Service, and to develop methods for improving the Jingit Service.

Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. You must accept our cookies to use the Jingit Service. We do not, however, use cookies to collect or store Personal Information about you.

Though cookies are not used to collect Personal Information, when you visit or use the Jingit Service, Jingit may automatically collect certain non-personal information about you, such as the domain name from which you access the internet, the IP address of the computer you are using, the internet address from which you linked directly to the Jingit Service, or the type of browser or computer operating system you use.

### Use of Personal and Non-Personal Information

Any Personal Information that you submit to Jingit will only be used within Jingit’s domain. Any non-personal information that is automatically collected by Jingit will be maintained indefinitely by Jingit and used for Jingit’s internal business and marketing purposes, such as assessing site usage and traffic patterns. No Personal Information collected by Jingit via the Jingit Service will be sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties; provided, however, Jingit reserves the right to disclose any information in its possession if it is required to do so by law, or if Jingit determines that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, or to defend its rights or property, or to respond to an emergency situation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Jingit may disclose your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes if you have opted in to such disclosure. If Jingit sells one of its product lines or divisions, your Personal Information may be transferred to the buyer so that the buyer can continue to provide you with information and services. If Jingit provides your Personal Information to individuals and entities which assist us with our business activities, it is Jingit’s practice to require those individuals and entities to keep your Personal Information confidential and to use your Personal Information only to perform functions for Jingit.

In the event that you opt to share personally identifiable information with a sponsor, such as a reward account number associated with that sponsor, Jingit will allow that sponsor to use the shared information for its own business purposes.

We may also use third parties to facilitate our business. In connection with these business operations, our service providers may have access to your Personal Information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. Where we utilize third parties for the processing of any Personal Information, we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections limiting the use of that information to the Jingit-specified purposes.

### Links

Jingit may include links to other websites that will permit you to leave the Jingit Service. Jingit does not own, control or operate such links or their websites, and Jingit is not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the website, or any product or service. The use and/or privacy provided by the operator of a linked website as to any information you provide in accessing a linked website is in no way subject to this Policy. Each linked website may have its own policies that could differ considerably from this Policy, or the linked website may not display any privacy policy at all. In any event, even though a linked website may be accessed through the Jingit Service, Jingit cannot be responsible for any use that a linked website may make of your information.

### Contact Us

Jingit’s “Feedback” page is the primary means of communication between Jingit staff and Jingit Service visitors and users. Visitors and users may use the Feedback page to submit content suggestions; inquiries regarding Jingit, the Jingit Service or its contents; notifications regarding broken links; concerns regarding privacy; and/or praise or complaints related to Jingit and/or the Jingit Service. All comments are forwarded only to the appropriate Jingit personnel. Your Personal Information is not requested on the “Feedback” page. The only way such information will be collected is if you submit such information into an open text field or contact us by email. Any information submitted through the “Feedback” page is not stored and is deleted once it is read by the appropriate Jingit personnel.

### Submission of Survey & “Creative” Information

In addition to the survey responses you provide through the Jingit Service, Jingit welcomes your comments on the Jingit Service and its contents. When you send Jingit survey responses, scanned images transmitted to Jingit (including, without limitation, receipt scans), or other relevant and original creative suggestions, notes, drawings, ideas, concepts, inventions, ideas or other information (collectively, the “Survey & Creative Information”), you agree that such Survey & Creative Information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Jingit. By your submission of any Survey & Creative Information to Jingit, you assign to Jingit and Jingit shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such Survey & Creative Information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Survey & Creative Information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Jingit shall not be obligated to own or otherwise be deemed to own Survey & Creative Information that Jingit determines, in its sole discretion, to be offensive, illegal or otherwise unsuitable for ownership by Jingit.

Jingit may, in its sole discretion, remove any communications from the Jingit Service or other pages managed by Jingit. The violation of any of these terms or other terms in the Jingit User Agreement may result in the immediate revocation of your right to use the Jingit Service Content (“Jingit User Content” is defined in the Jingit User Agreement) and does obligate you to immediately destroy any copies of such Jingit Service Content in your possession.

### Security of Personal Information

Jingit is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of security technologies to help protect your Personal Information that you provide to us against any unauthorized disclosure, misuse, loss or alteration. Your Personal Information, including your credit card and other financial account information, is encrypted as it travels over the internet using encryption that is standard or better than standard in the industry. Although we make every reasonable effort to protect and secure Personal Information, no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that such information will never be accessed, used or released in a manner inconsistent with this Policy. We cannot guarantee the security of systems that are connected to the internet or the security of information transmitted over the internet. Our employees with access to your Personal Information are trained to follow specific practices governing the proper handling of Personal Information, and we limit access to Personal Information only to those employees with a specific need to retrieve such information.

### Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”)

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act imposes certain restrictions on websites directed toward children under the age of thirteen (13) and that knowingly collect information on children under the age of thirteen (13). The Jingit Service is directed to the general public. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen (13). No one under the age of eighteen (18) should submit any Personal Information to the Jingit Service or any other website without the consent of a parent or guardian.

### Removing Information

Jingit users may use the “Feedback” page to request that their account be deleted at any time. However, we may retain copies of your account information in order to fulfill our obligations to our sponsors, or comply with legal and financial auditing requirements (including without limitation, IRS requirements for both us and our sponsors). Information will be updated on a timely basis. Individuals who wish to deactivate their Jingit account may do so on the “Feedback” page.

### Terms of Service

Your use of Jingit, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy available at <https://www.jingit.com/home/legal/privacy-policy/> as well as our User Agreement available at <https://www.jingit.com/home/legal/user-agreement/> and including all of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law.

### Right to Update

Jingit reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes and good business practices. If Jingit changes its privacy practices, a new Privacy Policy will reflect those changes and the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy will be set forth in this paragraph.
