> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ntb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041204010019id_/http%3A//www.ntb.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy

  |  NTB.com values the trust its customers place in the company. We want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you, how we use it, and the safeguards we have in place in order to protect it. NTB.com may update this policy from time to time. Please check the policy periodically for changes.

**How does NTB.com ensure that your customer information is secure?**  
NTB.com will maintain practices and procedures designed to ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information. We restrict and limit access to customer information only to those employees who need it to carry out their business functions, and educate our employees about safeguarding customer information and preventing its unauthorized access, disclosure, or use. When credit card information is transmitted online, NTB.com uses industry standard security measures called SSL (secure socket layer encryption). NTB.com will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological improvements that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of customer information.

**What type of information does NTB.com collect?**  
NTB.com gathers customer information needed to provide superior service, to communicate offers on merchandise and services that we believe will be of interest to you, and to administer our business. In order to best serve you, we may gather information from you in a few instances.

First, when you visit our site, we may collect non-personally identifiable information from you. Through the use of computer "cookies" we collect data, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name, and specific NTB.com web pages through which you click. This data is collected automatically and utilized in aggregate to help us look for trends so that we can improve our web site and your NTB.com experience. Additional information regarding computer cookies and how to disable them is described below.

Second, in a few circumstances, we may ask you to voluntarily provide information such as your name, telephone number, and e-mail address. This type of information may be provided when you become a member of NTB.com and it allows us to send you certain promotions and coupon offers. Other examples of when we may ask you to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information include if you subscribe to our email program, choose to provide us preference information, or when you enter one of our promotions.

Additionally, in order to provide you with goods and services designed to meet your needs, we may collect demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender), purchase preference information, and mailing lists from third parties. We use this information to customize your experience on our web site and to provide you with the most relevant products and services.

**What information do we share and with whom?**  
NTB.com does not rent or sell customer information to outside marketers. We may share your information (as described above) with members of the National Tire & Battery® family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested or to provide you with promotional offers that we believe will be of interest to you. The NTB family of businesses include all NTB affiliates as well as other selected businesses with which National Tire & Battery has a relationship and which have agreed to adhere to our strict standards for providing quality products and services, responding to your needs, and protecting customer information.

In certain circumstances, NTB.com may share your customer information with trusted service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services. To ensure the confidentiality and security of your information, service providers must agree to safeguard your information in strict compliance with our policy. Additionally, when you apply online for a National Tire & Battery credit card, we may share information about your application with credit bureaus. We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it. In the event of a sale of all or part of one of our businesses, we may share customer information related to that business as part of the transaction.

**Does NTB.com use cookies?**  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your hard drive. NTB.com may store some information on the visitor's computer in the form of a cookie or similar file. The cookies that are configured by us do not contain any personally identifying information, such as your name, or sensitive information, such as your credit card number. The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. For example, these files allow us to tailor your NTB.com experience to reflect your expressed interests and preferences.

**Can I disable cookies?**  
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you do elect to disable the NTB.com cookie, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience at NTB.com.

**Can I "opt out" of receiving promotional emails from NTB.com?**  
NTB.com may send you emails with promotional offers only if you opt-in to receiving such emails. If you would no longer like to receive emails about new merchandise, special events and promotions or new information and other messages from NTB.com, please click **here** and follow the "Unsubscribe" instructions. Your email address will be removed from our email subscription list. 

**How can I update or correct personal information given to NTB.com?**  
NTB believes you should have the ability to access and correct the personal information that you provide to us. By accessing the "My NTB Log In" area of our site, you can review, change, or delete information about your membership profile that you have submitted and which is stored at NTB.com. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes, so we can keep our records current. As a security measure, to help ensure the integrity of our customer information, and to comply with certain legal requirements, NTB.com routinely "backs up" customer-specific and transactional data stored on our systems. As a result, certain current and prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. Accordingly, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases, even if you delete all of your current personal information from your membership profile. 
