> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pogo.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181222072807id_/https%3A//www.pogo.tv/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - POGO! The best place for kids! - POGO.TV - POGO.TV

AD

**POGO – Online Privacy Policy**

**Privacy Policy**

Pogo is fully committed to providing a fun, entertaining and safe website for people of all ages. Because we want our audience to feel comfortable exploring the content offered on pogo.tv ( ** _Site_** ) or any of our affiliated sites (e.g. cartoonnetworkindia.com), this Online Privacy Policy (or as amended from time to time) outlines and clarifies our advertising policies, how we and our subsidiaries, affiliates and associated companies collect and use information online for products and services we make available on various mobile devices or other online apps/platforms and the safeguards we recommend to ensure a fun and safe web experience. If you have any concerns or questions about this Online Privacy Policy please email us at [privacyasiapac@turner.com](mailto:privacyasiapac@turner.com) or write to us at 5th Floor, Radisson Commercial Plaza, National Highway No. 8, Mahipalpur, New Delhi- 110037, India.

Because many visitors to our Site are children, we make efforts to ensure that children access only content that is appropriate for them. In addition, we employ special measures to help children protect their privacy while online. We do not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity, and we take steps to prevent children from posting contact information. As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our practices from time to time.

**Data Collection**

On our Site, you can enter contests, vote in polls, take part in surveys or otherwise express an opinion, or subscribe to one of our services or participate in one of our online forums or communities or otherwise voluntarily provide information to us. In connection with certain offline and online competitions and contests you may be invited to submit personal information. The types of information that may be collected offline or at various pages online include: your name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone/mobile number, your gender and date of birth. We request these details in order to provide the service or product to you (i.e. despatch prizes, send goodies via email, post or phone). For some activities such as online polls or surveys, we may ask you to provide information that is not personally identifiable. This information might include first name only, city or state of residence, age, gender and/or a favourite cartoon character. For some limited activities, campaigns, or offers, intended for parents and adults, we may ask a parent or adult to provide their name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and/or information about their interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. To provide appropriate customer service support for some features of our Site or improve our products, we may ask you to provide a first name, email address and limited information that is relevant to a customer service inquiry.

We may use the information you provide to send you details via email, post, text message via mobile phone of our products and services (including those of our affiliated channels, online websites and applications) and the products and services of third parties we think are suitable and may be of interest to you. By submitting your details, you are consenting to such use. However, you always have the opportunity to remove your consent to such use or to have your or your child's contact information removed from our database by sending an email to [privacyasiapac@turner.com](mailto:privacyasiapac@turner.com) or writing to us at 5th Floor, Radisson Commercial Plaza, National Highway No. 8, Mahipalpur, New Delhi- 110037, India with your request.

We may on occasion combine information we receive online with other records to enhance our ability to notify you of our products and services that we think will be of interest to you.

Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy require all children below 14 years of age to provide a parents/guardians’ email address at the time of registering an account on the Site. The parent/guardian must click on the link mentioned in the email received from us, confirming the parent/guardian’s acknowledgement and acceptance of their child holding an account with us, our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We are not liable in any manner whatsoever in the event children provide misinformation to us including without limitation email addresses not of their parents/guardians. We encourage parents/guardians to monitor their child’s use and access to pogo.tv and address any queries/feedback to <https://www.pogo.tv/contact.html> When a child under 14 years of age participates in an ongoing activity such as sweepstakes and contests on the Site that requires the collection, retention, and use of personal information, we will also ask for a parent's e-mail address so that we can notify the parent that we have received personal information from their child. We do not knowingly collect names and e-mail addresses from children under 14 years of age for these types of activities without notifying the parent via e-mail and giving the parent the option to remove their child's e-mail address from the applicable database for that activity. For specific one-time requests we receive from visitors on our Site, e-mail addresses are collected and used only in connection with the specific one-time request. For example, for sweepstakes and contests, e-mail addresses are collected for the purpose of entering the online sweepstakes or contest on a one-time basis and are used to notify winners of the sweepstakes or contest once by e-mail. In connection with registration for certain interactive online games or features on the Site, we may ask visitors to provide certain information that is not personally identifiable such as city or state of residence, date of birth and gender.

For individuals 14 years of age and over, we may collect and store an e-mail address to use in the case of forgotten passwords and to send information such as marketing material for which the individual has consented. We will only provide our marketing information to a child under 14 years of age with consent from their parent or guardian.

You may ask us to disclose to you the personal information that we have collected from you and we may ask you to pay a small fee to cover the costs of copying and providing you with such information. On your request, we will amend any such information about you that you advise us is incorrect.

**Our Apps**

We may offer a Pogo mobile application ( ** _App_** ) to users now or at some time in the future. The App may include features, functionality and content such as games, videos, and activities. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 14 in our App. The data collected in an App may vary but will include any information a user provides once the user downloads and uses the App. For example, our App may require you to first register and create an account with us (e.g. user name, password, or email address) before you can use it or may require additional information from you, such as transaction-related information (e.g. when you make purchases, respond to any offers etc.) We may also use information you provide us to reach you when you contact us for help. If you interact with third-party social media sites and applications, we may have access to certain information from your social media account such as your user name, profile picture, information about friends and followers, and content posted or viewed through the social media. When you use social media networking platforms and plugins, you share your information with them and their use of the information will be subject to that social media site's privacy practices. To help improve the design, functionality, performance, and content of our App, we may collect certain information when you use the App on your mobile device, such as usage, viewing and technical data including the type of mobile device you use, your unique device ID, your device's IP address, your mobile operator and operating system, the type of mobile internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the App. Our App usually would not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device, and only would do so if you are specifically prompted to provide your consent to do so. You can always manage your location preferences at any time by adjusting the settings on your device. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with any personally identifiable information through an App without consent, please contact us at [privacyasiapac@turner.com](mailto:privacyasiapac@turner.com) so we can delete such information.

**Disclosure of Information**

We may share information about visitors to this Site in aggregate with third parties including advertisers, business partners, and sponsors, to understand customer trends and patterns and manage and improve our business relationships. We never intentionally sell, rent or otherwise share your personal information with third parties without appropriate notices and consent.

We may share personal information with third parties to provide services to our visitors, such as helping us conduct promotional activities such as sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and sending prizes to winners, or providing customer services related to activities on the Site. We may also share your details with third parties to obtain professional advice, to perform marketing, administration or other services on our behalf, to market or sell new services or products to you or to jointly promote services or products to you. Disclosure of your information to third parties will be subject to such third parties' privacy policies, which may be different from this Online Privacy Policy. By "opting-in" to this Online Privacy Policy you are consenting to such disclosure.

Agents and contractors of ours who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Online Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing.

We may disclose information we hold in response to legal proceedings, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's requestor where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site and App and applicable laws, or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements. In addition, we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we or one of our business units are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another entity.

**International Transfer**

We operate globally so it may be necessary to transfer any information provided to the Site or App internationally. In particular, the information provided will likely be transferred to, processed, stored and maintained by our affiliates or third-party partners in Hong Kong, Singapore, the United States and the United Kingdom where many of our central databases and third-party partners operate. The data protection and other laws of other countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using this Site, you consent to your information being collected and used as set forth in this Online Privacy Policy.

**Promotional Activities**

The Site offers various promotional activities such as sweepstakes, contests and games amongst others. However, before entering one of our contests online on this or our affiliated sites, we require kids to ask a parent for permission. Children under 14 years of age are required to enter their parent's email address as well. This is done so that we may contact a parent via email to notify them that their child has entered a Pogo or related contest and to give them the option of removing the child's email address from the list of entries. We will not use a parent's email address for any other purpose. We will remove a parent's or their child's details from our database within 72 hours of any request from that parent. Sometimes we may also require you to provide us additional information that is not personally identifiable. For example, we might ask you to tell us your favourite character or answer a trivia question. In relation to offline contests or competitions expressly subject to these Online Privacy Policy terms, the parental consent of the entrant is deemed to have been granted in respect of that particular contest or competition and in respect of any future online interaction with entrants upon receipt of personal information which is submitted or otherwise collected offline.

Once a contest winner has been selected, the winner is contacted via the winner's email address given at the time of entry. If the email address has changed or been deleted or is no longer operational, the entry will become void. We will not be held responsible for invalid email addresses.

**Voluntary Submissions via Email**

We enjoy interacting with our audience. Therefore, there will be opportunities for visitors to contact us online. In these areas, an email address will be collected, and in some cases, you may receive a response.

**Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites, Ad Servers and Sponsors**

Our Site and App contain links to other websites, including those of sponsors and advertisers, whose information practices may be different from ours. Sometimes these third-party websites might conduct promotional activities such as contests or sweepstakes that are promoted on our Site. You should consult those other third-party websites' privacy policies/notices, since those websites are not covered by this Online Privacy Policy and may follow different procedures.

Additionally, we and our advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the advertisements that appear on our Site and App and to conduct research about the advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies. We, our third party service providers and/or partners may also place cookies, web beacons, clear.gifs or similar technologies and collect data to help present such advertisements on our Sites and our App, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy. For more information about third-party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third-party ad servers generally, please see <http://www.networkadvertising.org/>.

**Security**

We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in an effort to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.

To verify the security of your connection at our Sites, check the lower left corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken or a closed lock, then SSL is active and the server is secure. You may also check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the site address will change from http to https.

**Cookies and Web Beacons**

For an enhanced online experience, our Site use a software technology called "cookies" or similar technologies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Although cookies could enable us to relate a visitor's use of our Site and the internet to personal information that the visitor has provided, such as an e-mail address, we do not use cookies in connection with personal information with one exception: for some activities, we use session cookies to ensure that visitors under the age of 14 provide a parental email address. We do use cookies to determine how many visitors we have and how often they visit various sections of our Site and to improve or customize the content, offerings and/or advertisements on our Site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Sites (e.g., to recognize you by your user name when you return to the Site).

We, our third-party service providers and/or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Sites and Apps. This also helps us our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising. For more information regarding third-party ad servers, see "Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites," above. "Web beacons" or clear.gifs or similar technologies are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behaviour and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We, our third-party service providers and/or our partners may use web beacons on our Sites or Apps from time to time for this and other purposes.

You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at our Site. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information.

  **Updates & Effective Date**

From time to time, we may update this Online Privacy Policy. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our Site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this Online Privacy Policy so you’re always aware about the type of information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.

The Privacy Policy posted on this Site was updated on or about March 2018.

**Safeguards - Important Information for Parents**

As we have taken special precautions to aid in the safety of a child's online experience, we ask parents to monitor closely the internet activities of their children and become educated on the various internet and software tools available so as to ensure their children have a safe and fun online experience.
