> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ozofiles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151025090225id_/http%3A//ozofiles.com/pages/pp.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OzoFiles.com - Share your files

OzoFiles.com Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy (referred to as "Policy") explains how personally identifiable information is collected, used and disclosed by OzoFiles.com ("we" or "us") with respect to your access and use of OzoFiles.com's online file storage and sharing service located at OzoFiles.com, (as the "Service"), so you can make a well informed decision about using the Service. OzoFiles.com shall do its best to safeguard your privacy within the legal boundaries. In other words we do not collect more data than necessary for proper rendering of Services and we do our best to keep any collected information confidential unless legally obliged otherwise.

We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on this Policy the date it was last updated. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Policy from time-to-time to make sure that you understand how any personally identifiable information you provide to us or collected about you will be used. 

**1\. What Is Personal Information?** As used in this Policy, the term "personally identifiable information" refers to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, username or email address), or information about that individual that is directly linked to other specific identifying information. Personally identifiable information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Service or about a group or category of services or users. Data collected in this manner contains no references to individual identities or other personally identifiable information. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.

**2\. Managing Your Information Preferences** You can review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information, or opt out of any direct marketing in which we may engage, by changing the relevant setting in your OzoFiles.com profile or account (if you have one), or by e-mailing us at [support@OzoFiles.com](mailto:support@OzoFiles.com)

. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at [support@OzoFiles.com](mailto:support@OzoFiles.com)

**3\. Information We Collect and How We Collect It**

**A. Personal Information.**  
We collect information from you in various ways when you use the Service. For example, we collect information: (i) that you voluntarily provide to us (basic information as provided when contacting us via email); and (ii) to which you explicitly provide us access to and publicly disclose. Such information may include personal identifiable information, such as your name, email address, date of birth, social network data and performance related data. Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with posting data, providing access to your online groups and other activities in connection with the Service.   
**B. Usage Data.**  
When you use the Service, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, browser type, the address of a referring website, and your activity on the Service. We may also automatically collect certain logistical information in server logs, including information about how you use various features of the Service and information regarding the number, frequency and length of each individual session. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies" when you use the Service.   
**C. Cookies and Web Beacons.**  
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website. Among other things, cookies help us to dramatically improve and enhance the Service along with the user experience. If we link cookies to any personally identifiable information, we will treat this information as personally identifiable information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your individual browser settings to learn about these functions. However, please note that the removal of rejection of cookies might adversely impact certain features or service that are available to you.   
Please be aware that the use of cookies by our partners or external websites is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.   
We may use Web beacons or similar technology on the Service and in our Apps. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers? personally identifiable information. Web beacons are small, invisible graphic images that may be used on the Service or in emails relating to the Service to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Service, such as to count visits, understand usage effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon. Such technologies are used to collect aggregate statistics related to usage of the Service and do not collect personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information will be stored on secured servers, and we may store and process personally identifiable information in the United States and other countries.   
**D. Storage of Information.**   
The information OzoFiles collects about you and your usage of the Service will be transmitted to and stored by OzoFiles on servers.   
**4\. How Do We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect?** We generally use Personal Information only for purposes of providing and communicating with you about the Service, including responding to your requests, making payments, notifying you of new products or services, and otherwise communicating with you about the Service. We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties without your consent, except as explained in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use personally identifiable information we collect in the following ways:   
**A.** To process and complete any transactions in connection with the Service and Apps.

**B.** To request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the Service and Apps.

**C.** To respond to your emails, questions, comments, requests and complaints; as well as to provide customer service.

**D.** To monitor and analyze Service usage and trends.

**E.** To personalize and improve the Service, and our users' experiences with the Service (such as providing new or revised content or features that match user interests), and to increase the Service's functionality and user friendliness;

**F.** To send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, additional information about our products and services and support and administrative messages, and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Service. When sending marketing information about our services or products, we will only use your email address provided during registration. We will not use other email addresses you may have provided to us, for instance in a feedback form, to send marketing emails;

**G.** To notify you about important changes to the Service and related Apps.

**5\. Service Providers.**  
From time to time, we may establish a business relationship with other businesses whom we believe trustworthy and who have confirmed that their privacy practices are consistent with ours ("Service Providers"). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide services such as payment processing, maintenance and support, data storage and management, advertising, and marketing. We provide our Service Providers with only the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by OzoFiles.com  
**6\. Google Analytics.**  
We also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to help OzoFiles.com analyze how users use our Service. We use this information to help us understand how people use the Service, and to enhance the services we offer. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Service (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on Service activity for us, and providing other services relating to Service activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or if such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. As noted, you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your Web browser, but please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information, please visit http://www.google.com/analytics/en-GB/tos.html.

**7\. What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Share With Third-Parties?**  
Please note that when you make payments to OzoFiles.com, the information you provide is submitted to a third-party payment provider. It is not received or maintained by OzoFiles.com, except that your e-mail address will automatically be provided to us when you first pay for a Premium account, so that we can establish your account and provide you with the special features offered to Premium account holders.   
Ad Networks. We may work with third-party advertising and marketing companies ("Ad Networks"). These companies may collect and use information about your use of the Service in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Advertisements may be shown via the Services, or third-party websites. These companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as Web beacons to collect information about your use of the Service and of other Internet services and websites. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any collection or use of information about you by any Ad Network. It also does not cover any information that you may choose to provide to an Ad Network or to an advertiser whose goods or services are advertised through the Service. For more information about collection and use of information by Ad Networks, and to opt-out of certain advertising, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp  
We may use, and disclose to third parties, certain Usage Data regarding the Service. However, such information does not identify you individually. We will not knowingly share the personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Service with third-parties, except as described in this Policy or on the Service . For example, we may share personally identifiable information as follows: with vendors, consultants, and other service providers such as a credit card processing company to bill you for services, a forum provider for hosting our public forums, and an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf (?Service Providers?). When you sign up for our services we will share your personal information only as necessary for the third party to provide that service;   
when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;   
in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not directly identify you; when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities including, but not limited to, responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants, or court orders; when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of OzoFiles , our users, our employees, copyright owners, third-parties or the public including, but not limited to, protecting OzoFiles.com. or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of the Service ; to enforce or apply this Policy, the Terms, or our other policies or agreements; and in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personally identifiable information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of OzoFiles.com. You understand that when you use the Service, information you provide via the Service, information you grant access to by using the Service, as well as any information you share with individuals through the Service, will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available. We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third-parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any other users or third- parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with third-party privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such third-parties. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information, which may be shared with third-parties without your consent.  
**8\. Access to Personally Identifiable Information**   
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update or delete it by making the change in your OzoFiles.com account profile or by emailing our Customer Support at support@OzoFiles.com . We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. If you wish to request the deletion of an unauthorized profile you may contact us at support@ROzoFiles.com . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.   
**9\. Other Transfers.**   
We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with OzoFiles.com. If OzoFiles.com is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt-out of any such transfer if we determine, in our discretion, that the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy. **10\. Data Retention.** We will hold your Personal Information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity. If you cancel your registration and your account is deleted OzoFiles.com will no longer use the Personal Information, but for administration purposes it will stay on our system for a period of one year before being deleted.   
**11.Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.**   
OzoFiles.com cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate for any of the following reasons: to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas); to protect the safety, property, or rights of OzoFiles.com, any OzoFiles.com user, or any third party; to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity; or to comply with the law.  
**12\. Be Careful When You Share Information** Please be aware that whenever you share information in an uploaded file via the Service, that information may be accessed by the recipient. That means that anyone with access to the shared file can potentially use it for any purpose, including potentially uploading, storing, or sharing files, sending unsolicited communications, or redirecting payments.   
**13\. Security**  
OzoFiles.com is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. We employ reasonable physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Service, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you upload, store, share, transmit, or provide on or through the Service, and you do so at your own risk.   
**14\. Links to Other Websites**   
The Service may contain links to other websites. Any personally identifiable information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third- party and is subject to that third- party's privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked websites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other websites that are linked to/from the Service. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.   
**15\. What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?**   
We take reasonable measures to protect your personally identifiable information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can guarantee against any interception or any other type of misuse. To assist with the protection of personally identifiable information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Service and Apps by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at support@OzoFiles.com   
**16\. Advertising**   
We may partner with a third party ad network to display advertising within our service. Our ad network partners use Web beacons and log files to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our service to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.   
**17\. Social Media Features and Widgets**   
Our Service may include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.   
**18\. What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information?**   
You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. You may also opt out of such marketing emails by following the instructions within such emails or emailing us at support@OzoFiles.com If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.   
**19\. Questions?**   
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at[support@OzoFiles.com](mailto:support@OzoFiles.com)
