> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oompa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130509021423id_/http%3A//www.oompa.com/help/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

PRIVACY POLICY

Welcome to Julabug.com and Oompa.com (the "Websites"). These Websites are owned and operated by Julabug, Inc., its affiliates, agents and licensors (collectively, "we", "us", "our" or "Julabug"). Julabug is sensitive to your concerns about how we may use and share personal information that we collect from you through the Websites. We recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our visitors and members and have established this Privacy Policy Statement ("Privacy Policy") as a result. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our [TERMS OF USE](http://www.oompa.com/help/terms-of-use) and [ACCOUNT AGREEMENT](http://www.oompa.com/help/account-agreement) and therefore governs your use of the Websites and/or any services offered by Julabug. By visiting the Websites, and/or utilizing any services offered by Julabug, you are accepting the then current practices described in the Privacy Policy.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us at support@julabug.com or support@oompa.com.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT OUR CUSTOMERS**

    The information we learn from our customers helps us enhance and personalize the experience on our Websites as well as the services we offer. We gather the following types of information: 

**Automatic Information Collected.** We automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, we may collect your purchase history, products searched for or viewed, visits to certain pages, interaction on pages, as well as the telephone number you used to call our toll free number. In addition, as most Websites do, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Julabug.com or Oompa.com. This information is compiled and analyzed on both an aggregated and personal basis. It may include what browser you are using, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the website's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, and which URL you go to next. 

**Information You Provide To Us.** We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or give in any other way (e.g., by telephone). Examples of this type of information may include information you provide when you register on our Websites, conduct any transactions including search, call our customer service toll free number, or participate in promotions, surveys, contests, product reviews, chats, blog entries, requests for suggestions or other aspects or services offered by us. As a result of such transactions, you may be supplying us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit/debit numbers, expiration date and other billing information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; names and e-mail addresses of friends and other people. 

    **Information Provided by Third Parties.** We may obtain information about our  customers from third parties. This may include updated delivery or address information from carriers such as the USPS or UPS.

**COOKIES**

    In an effort to provide the best customer experience and focus on the interests of our customers, Julabug uses tiny text files called "cookies" that provide non-personally identifiable information regarding the visitors to our Websites. In addition to the IP and URL addresses of our visitors, cookies may gather the time and date of all visits to our Websites. We may also track the pages of our Websites that users viewed during their visit, as well as track search terms entered on our Websites by each visitor. This helps us keep track of the number of visitors to our Websites and allows us to determine the areas that are of the most interest to our visitors. 

    We may also use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and other tracking technologies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. This information is used to gain a broader picture of usage patterns at our site. We may share the non-personally identifiable information gathered through use of cookies with our advertisers and/or business partners, in order to make the Websites as user-friendly as possible. Further, some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Julabug only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**How Do We Use the Information We Collect and Do We Share the Information We Receive?**

    Information about our customers is an important part of our business. We use information we collect from the Websites to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized interactive shopping experience, to facilitate your transactions with our third party marketing partners and to inform you of offers and discounts. For example, you can expect to receive a welcoming email to confirm your username and password, we communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request and to manage your account. We also send service related announcements on occasions such as when we need to temporarily suspend our site for maintenance. We also will send you promotional emails on occasion. Generally, you may not opt-out of service related communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to terminate your account. Your account is with Julabug, the owner and operator of the Websites and not with the individual Websites, and the information collected through the Websites is used by Julabug for purposes of both Websites. However, you can opt-out of direct promotional communications from each of the Websites by following the unsubscribe instructions within each communication from that Website or emailing us at support@julabug.com or support@oompa.com. We share customer information with third parties only as follows: 

    **Third Party Service Providers.** We may work closely with other businesses (that we don't own or control) that sell products or services on Julabug.com and Oompa.com.

    In some cases, these businesses may operate stores or websites that sell products or services to you directly. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. We share customer information related to those transactions with that third party. 

    **Promotional Offers.** We periodically provide our customers with information about third party products and services we believe will be of interest to you and with opportunities to participate in offers and/or promotions on behalf of other businesses. Your participation in these events may require us to share data with such a business. If you do not want to receive such information or offers, on behalf of third parties or otherwise, please opt-out during registration, email us later at support@julabug.com or support@oompa.com, or follow the unsubscribe instructions within each communication. 

    **Other Third Parties/Select Partners.** From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities who we believe are trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases, we might share and cross-reference information, including personal information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also combine your personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Select Partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and services that may be of interest to you, and for further promotional purposes. If you do not want us to share information with Select Partners please opt-out during registration, email us later at support@julabug.com or support@oompa.com, or follow the unsubscribe instructions within each communication. 

    **Reviews/Share This/Testimonials.** If you review a product on our site, your review may be posted on Julabug.com or Oompa.com. as well as on a partners' network site that shares reviews with other shopping communities. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. When seeking or receiving customer testimonials or feedback, we disclose that we may post their first name along with all or a portion of their testimonial on the Websites unless they inform us otherwise by following the instructions we provide. 

    **Merger/Sale.** In the event that Julabug.com or Oompa.com, all or substantially all of their respective assets, or a line of business of Julabug.com or Oompa.com, is acquired, individually identifying information of our members may be one of the assets sold in connection with that transaction, without notice to you or your consent. We will notify users of the Websites of such a change in ownership or transfer of assets by posting a notice on the Websites. 

    **Bankruptcy.** In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used. Therefore, you should know that in such event, your personal information may be treated like any other asset of Julabug, and sold, transferred or shared with third parties, or used in ways not contemplated or permitted hereunder, without notice to you or your consent. 

    **Protection of Julabug.com and Oompa.com.** We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law and/or a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Julabug; enforce or apply our [TERMS OF USE](http://oompa.com/help/terms-of-use) and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Julabug, our Website users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

**SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED**

    We have taken precautions, including the deployment of technological resources and the use of firewalls, systems and procedures, to protect the security of your personal information. When you enter credit card information on our Websites, we may store it so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you order, but we encrypt it when storing. While no security system is absolutely foolproof, we are constantly reviewing, refining and upgrading our security technology to protect your privacy. When you open an account with Julabug.com or Oompa.com, you are issued a password by which to access and secure your account and account information. Although we have taken these precautions, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password, which should not be disclosed by you. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. 

**LINKS**

    Julabug.com and Oompa.com contain links to other websites. We have no control over the content, policies or actions of these sites, even if you are offered services on those sites because you have established an account with Julabug.com or Oompa.com. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every websites that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by our Websites. 

**MINORS**

    You must be 18 years of age or older to become a member of Julabug.com or Oompa.com. We do not collect information from minors. 

**CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

    You may review, change or correct your personally identifying information at any time by accessing your account information on the Websites or calling us at the contact information below. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy and completeness of your personal and other information, including your e-mail address, and we urge you to review your information regularly to ensure that it is correct and complete. 

**CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS**

    If you choose to visit Julabug.com or Oompa.com and/or use Julabug's services, your visit and/or any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy Statement and our [TERMS OF USE](http://www.oompa.com/help/terms-of-use) and [ACCOUNT AGREEMENT](http://www.oompa.com/help/account-agreement) (if you are a member), including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Pennsylvania. If you have any concern about privacy at Julabug, please contact us. 

    Our Privacy Policy Statement, the [TERMS OF USE](http://www.oompa.com/help/terms-of-use) and other terms and conditions may change. In the event of a change, the revised policies or terms and conditions will be posted immediately to our Websites. You should check the Websites frequently to see recent changes. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy Statement applies to all information that we have about you. 

**CONTACT US**

    If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at support@julabug.com or support@oompa.com, or call us at 1-888-294-8799 or 1-855-326-2229.
