> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ilotto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051226053143id_/http%3A//www.ilotto.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

|  |   
---  
|    
|  | 

> Privacy PolicyPRIVACY PLEDGE:iLotto, Inc. collects personally identifying information during contest or sweepstakes registration and this information is used to: pay you your winnings, confirm entries, and selectively show you ads or send you promotions.Players' e-mail addresses and other personal information are kept in secure databases to protect our players' privacy.No information should be submitted to or posted to the iLotto websites by guests under 18 years of age. People under 18 years of age are not allowed to participate in iLotto. If such a person wins, his or her entry is void.All registrants receive e-mail confirming their registration and subsequent entries in iLotto and daily iLotto results with information of interest from iLotto and our content partners. Additionally, from time to time you may receive other advertising messages from iLotto or our sponsors.You may at any time modify your registration with iLotto by editing your profile on our site.Each email we send you will include a description of the simple unsubscribe process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail of that type from iLotto. You may unbsubscribe from each such email type this way. For example, unsubscribing from a daily iLotto results email will result in you no longer receiving the daily iLotto results by email. You may however continue to receive other types of email which you can unsubscribe from in the same fashion.If you wish to stop receiving e-mail results from iLotto.com, you can quickly and easily unsubscribe yourself using the link at the bottom of the email that begins with “Unsubscribe:” If you play iLotto subsequent to unsubscribing, your subscription to receiving email results and other promotions will be automatically reinstated.If you wish to no longer receive any email from iLotto or our marketing partners, simply visit the Edit My Profile under the My Account tab when logged in, and follow the instructions.When your registration is completed, iLotto.com sends you a welcome email confirming registration. After your picks are played each day of your subscription period, we will send you a daily results email containing the winning numbers, your numbers, and whether or not you won a prize. We send updates when the credit card expiration date is approaching or when the billing system has failed to charge your card for renewal of service. We send a cancellation confirmation email to subscribers who successfully end their subscriptions.About IP AddressesiLotto collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your ISP server. Web servers - the big computers that "serve" up Web pages - automatically identify your ISP by its IP address.When players request pages from iLotto, our servers log the players' IP addresses.Cookies \- The iLotto Online Cookies PolicyCookies are small pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your registration, passwords, and references while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard - you'll find them at most major Web sites.By "looking" for a cookie our server can determine whether or not you have already registered to play. Cookies help our server to know you are playing, so that you don't need to register each time you play.Cookies also help us to serve you better. Through the use of cookies we can better understand what information interests you, providing more of what you like and want from iLotto and our advertisers.We DO NOT use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally provided by you or provided by your browser in a visit to the iLotto website.We do not use cookies to track other sites that you visit on the Internet.You may get cookies from our advertisers if you visit their websites. iLotto does not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to the iLotto cookies policy. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard on the Internet. You may review our advertisers' privacy policies when visiting their sites. To learn more about third party ad serving and how to opt out from a third party ad server's cookie visit www.privacychoices.orgFacilitating the purchase, renewal, and support of our serviceiLotto.com provides a support email address so that Subscribers can make inquiries about the site, terms of service, account information, results, and so forth. We respond by email or by phone to any questions, requests for account information, and other inquiries.iLotto.com uses the email communications to evaluate and improve its service and Web site. iLotto.com also may save these email communications for future reference in order to make additional improvements to the Web site. iLotto.com does not use information about its Subscribers for any purposes unrelated to the service offered by iLotto.com.Processing paymentsiLotto.com uses a third party payment processing service gateway for Internet ("online") transactions. We may provide your personal information to appropriate financial institutions, processors, and third parties for providing a subset of the payment services (for example, credit authorization and fraud screening). For financial institutions and processors, the use of personally identifiable information is governed by federal and state privacy laws. For other third parties, the use and distribution of your personal information will be used by such entity for internal use related to fulfilling transaction services; will be treated as confidential; and will be transferred only via encrypted means.What Security Procedures We Have in Place to Protect Your InformationiLotto.com considers the protection of all personally identifiable information we receive from our Subscribers as critical to our business mission. Please be assured that we have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any information we receive from you. As with any transmission over the Internet, however, there is always some element of risk involved in sending personal information. In order to minimize this risk, we encrypt all information that you submit during registration using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to This Privacy StatementIf a material change is made to this Privacy Statement and/or the way we use our customers' personally identifiable information, then we will post a prominent notice of the nature of such changes on the first page of this Privacy Statement and also on our home page.Your Acceptance of These TermsBy using this site, you agree to the iLotto Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page frequently for changes. Your continued use of the iLotto sites or your continued acceptance of our results e-mail following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions.iLotto respects your privacy. If you have any questions about this policy please e-mail questions@iLotto.com

|   
---|---|---  
  

