> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iloveallaccess.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080617030620id_/http%3A//www.iloveallaccess.com/index.php%3Ffile%3Dc-privpol) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ILoveAllAccess.Com | Where True Fans Get Tickets!

[ILOVEALLACCESS.COM](http://www.iloveallaccess.com/)  
 **PRIVACY STATEMENT**  
 ** _  
Effective Date: October 21, 2004_**

This is the privacy statement ("Privacy Statement") for the iloveallaccess.com Web site (the “Site”). The Site is owned, operated and made available to you by ILAA, Inc., a California corporation (“we”, “our” “us”). This Privacy Statement explains our information practices and the choices you can make about the way we collect and use your personal information. This Privacy Statement covers the information you provide to us by or through this Site. 

The main purpose of this Site is to offer great premium concert packages to you. You can purchase such packages right here, in a safe online environment. To purchase any package you will need to provide us with certain personal information about you, including your credit card and/or other billing information. Even though this Site is directed to users who have reached the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which they live, it is possible that some of our users may be minors, including children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly sell premium packages to minors, so we ask all of our users to enter their birth date before they can submit an order, so that we can verify their age. PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS OF MINORS, PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT YOUR MINOR CHILD DOES NOT HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION.

This Privacy Statement sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to your use of this Site. In addition to the general rules that apply to everyone visiting our Site, we have special rules that apply to our collection and use of personally identifiable information from Site visitors who are younger than 13. Those special rules appear in a section entitled COPPA COMPLIANCE that is set forth at the end of this Privacy Statement. 

YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. This Privacy Statement is incorporated into, and made a part of, the [Terms of Use](http://www.iloveallaccess.com/index.php?file=c-terms), which govern your use of this Site in general.

It is possible for you to visit our Site without having to disclose any of your personal information to us. We understand how important your personal information is to you and we respect your privacy. Any information gathered by us about you will be protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Unless we have your consent, we will not share your personal information to any non-affiliated third party except as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Statement. We will take special care to protect the privacy and security of your personal information as set forth herein.

Below we provide answers to questions that we believe you might find most relevant regarding the manner in which we collect and use your information, and the manner in which we safeguard it. If we have not answered all of your questions, please contact us at [privacy@iloveallaccess.com](mailto:privacy@iloveallaccess.com), and we’ll get back to you as soon as practicable. 

HOW DO WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION?

Information you provide  
We may collect and use certain personally identifiable information that you provide to us (including, but not limited to, your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and/or credit card or other billing information), for example, to respond to your request for information, to process your orders for premium packages and any other products or services that we may offer from time to time, and to communicate with you regarding any such orders or requests. When you first provide us the information, or at other times when we ask you for additional or different information, we may ask you if you wish us to send you newsletters and other promotional materials in the future. Unless you tell us that you are not interested in receiving certain materials, in which case we will honor such request, we will be happy to send you information and offers that we think might be of interest to you.

Optional information  
When accessing this Site, we may also give you the option of submitting other general information about you. We may ask for such optional information to help us better understand you. If you have requested that we send you additional information regarding our products, services and events, or if you have not told us that you do not wish to receive such additional information from us, we may also use the optional information to fulfill your request or provide you with such product, service and/or event information.

Technical Information  
When you visit our Site, we may also collect technical information that does not, by itself, identify you as a specific individual. This information (sometimes referred to as "non-personally identifiable information") may include the address (or "URL") of the Web site that you came from before visiting this Site, which pages you visit on this Site, which browser you used to view this Site and, if search functionality is available on the Site, any search terms that you may have entered on this Site. This technical data is aggregated and used to measure and improve the effectiveness of this Site. We may also collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, see where our Site traffic is coming from, and identify our users. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer, so Web servers can automatically identify individual computers by their IP address. We may also collect other non-personally identifiable information via this Site, such as Site usage activity and preferences, also known as demographic or profile data. We do not intend to combine this technical data with your personally-identifiable information, but we reserve the right to do so. 

Information Generally  
We use the information collected on and through this Site for a variety of purposes in the course of business as otherwise set forth herein. Generally speaking, the information collected on this Site may be used to send you information about our and our business partners' and affiliates’ products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you. This information may also be used to evaluate what portions of this Site are more popular than others, determine where visitors came from, where they go, and how long they stay on a particular page, or this Site in general. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties. 

DO WE USE COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS?

We may use "cookies" (described in more detail below) and web beacons (clear GIFs) on this Site or in our communications with you to enhance the functionality of the Site and to make your transactions and other activities more convenient and efficient. A “cookie” is a small data file that a Web site may send to your browser and that your browser may then store on your system. We may use cookies to remember your preferences or minimize the need for you to re-enter information. We may use session cookies, for example, to simulate a continuous connection - cookies let us “remember” information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within this Site without reintroducing yourself. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies, or selectively accept cookies, by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you refuse cookies, there may be some features of this Site that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly. 

DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES?

Unless we have your consent, we will not share, sell or rent your personal information to any third party except as set forth in this Privacy Statement. We may contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf such as, for example, to process your orders, or to fulfill prizes that you may win if you participate in promotions that we may offer from time to time. We may share your information with our affiliates, advertisers, and other third parties that provide services for or through this Site or for our business (such as e-mail list hosting and distribution companies that use such information on our behalf consistent with this Privacy Statement). We may also transfer, sell or assign such information to third parties in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization or liquidation. From time to time, we may be required to provide your personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we reserve for ourselves the right to disclose any information concerning you as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate this Site properly, or to protect or defend our rights or the rights or well-being of our users, or if you are involved (or if we in good faith believe that you are involved) in any illegal activity (or any activity that we in good faith believe to be unlawful), even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. 

DO YOU HAVE CHOICES REGARDING HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED?

At all times, you remain in control of your personal information. We will not share the personal information we collect in ways other than as set forth in this Privacy Statement, without first obtaining your consent. At the time you provide your information, we provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of permitting certain uses of your information and the opportunity to opt-out of receiving further communications about special offers, product information or other marketing messages. If you choose not to receive certain communications or materials (by choosing, in each case, the “opt-out” option provided to you clearly and conspicuously next to our inquiry of whether you wish to receive any such materials); we will honor your “opt-out” request. Remember, though, that your choice not to receive promotional and marketing materials from us in the future will not preclude us from corresponding with you, by e-mail or otherwise, regarding things such as confirming a prior order, or sending you other information regarding the order or the purchase of the package, a change in the package’s features, any venue or date changes, or billing or other status information regarding an order, and will not preclude us, including our employees, contractors, agents and other representatives, from accessing and viewing your personal information in the course of maintaining and improving the Site. 

AFTER PROVIDING THE INFORMATION, CAN YOU ACCESS, UPDATE OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION?

We want your information and preferences to be accurate and complete. If you would like to access or update the personal information we maintain about you in our database, please e-mail us at [privacy@iloveallaccess.com](mailto:privacy@iloveallaccess.com). We will endeavor to respond to your request to access, update or delete your information as soon as practicable. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies or delete any information, however, we will ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request.

CONSENT TO PROCESSING OF THE INFORMATION

You fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of your personal information in the United States.

HOW DOES THIS SITE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

We use a variety of safeguards to protect your sensitive information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. For example, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology supporting up to 128-bit encryption to protect your credit card information transmitted to or from us during your session at this Site. Notwithstanding the above, due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from a user, will be free from unauthorized access. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. Please be careful whenever sending personal information to us via e-mail. E-mail is commonly not a secure means of transferring information. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your “personal information” (as such term is defined in California Civil Code § 1798.82 (“Section 1798.82”)) that is in our possession or control may have been compromised, we will seek to notify you of that in accordance with the provisions of Section 1798.82. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. If you do not consent to this, [please click here](mailto:info@iloveallaccess.com). If you wish to provide a particular e-mail address to receive such notifications, please [click here](mailto:info@iloveallaccess.com).

IF YOU SEE PROMOTIONS FROM THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS ON THE SITE, OR THE SITE LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES, WILL THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT APPLY TO THEM?

No. The Site may contain advertisements placed by third parties on our Site, or links to third party Web sites. Just like we do, the third parties who place advertisements on our Site may use cookies and web beacons to collect information when you view and/or click on their advertisements, and each of the linked third party Web sites have their own information collection and use practices and policies. We have no control over what information such third parties may track or collect, how they conduct their tracking or collection, or how they use the information they track or collect, and we assume no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of third parties. Before you provide them with your personally-identifiable information, please make sure that you have read their privacy policies. This Privacy Statement does not govern any third party’s privacy practices. 

DOMICILE REQUIREMENT FOR USE OF THIS SITE

You represent and warrant that you are domiciled in the United States of America.

WHO CAN YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?

Please contact our Chief Privacy Officer to report any known or suspected privacy or security breaches or to submit privacy-related questions or complaints. After receiving your inquiry, we will endeavor to respond within five business days. You may contact us by sending us an e-mail at [privacy@iloveallaccess.com](mailto:privacy@iloveallaccess.com).

COULD THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CHANGE?

We reserve the right to update, change, add to, or subtract from, this Privacy Statement at any time in our sole discretion. Any such modifications will be effective as soon as the updated Privacy Statement is posted on this Site, so we urge that you periodically review this Privacy Statement, so that you will always know what information we collect from you online, how we use it, and what choices you have. 

COPPA COMPLIANCE

IF YOU ARE A VISITOR UNDER THE AGE OF 13, PLEASE ASK YOUR MOM AND DAD (OR LEGAL GUARDIAN) TO REVIEW THE FOLLOWING SECTION BECAUSE THIS IS WHERE WE TELL YOU AND YOUR PARENT (OR LEGAL GUARDIAN) THE SPECIAL RULES THAT APPLY TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. GENERALLY SPEAKING, YOUR MOM AND DAD (OR LEGAL GUARDIAN) MUST TELL US IF IT’S OK FOR YOU TO GIVE US CERTAIN INFORMATION BEFORE WE CAN COLLECT IT FROM YOU AND THEY HAVE TO TELL US IF IT’S OK FOR US TO USE IT OR SHARE IT WITH ANYONE. 

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires us to inform the parents (or legal guardians) of children under the age of 13 about our collection, use and disclosure practices regarding the personally-identifiable information of their children who are under the age of 13, and to obtain their consent before their child is permitted to use certain features of our Site. 

In order to be able to comply with this law, we request that all users using certain features of our Site provide us with their birth date, so that we can tell when a user is a child under the age of 13. As soon as a child under 13 inputs his or her birth date on the Site, a screen will appear asking the child to provide us his or her parent’s (or legal guardian’s) full name, e-mail address and telephone number so that we can communicate with his or her parent (or legal guardian) in connection with our COPPA obligations.

Requirement of Parental Consent.  
To receive certain services or products available on our Site (such as for example, the Site’s newsletter and other communications and materials) we require users of our Site, including children under the age of 13, to submit their personally-identifiable information. With respect to such children, we consider the following information to be personally-identifiable: a first and last name; a home or other physical address including a street name and name of city or town; an e-mail address; a telephone number; and any other personal information that would allow a child to be contacted in person or online. In compliance with the law, if we ask a child to provide his or her personally-identifiable information in order to receive a service or product, we do not ask the child to provide any more personally-identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to enable such child to receive such service or product. Moreover, we do not condition a child’s receipt of any such service or product on the child’s disclosing more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to obtain the service or product. For example, if a child asks that we send him the Site’s newsletter, we will only ask the child to provide us with his or her e-mail address and no other personal information. 

With certain exceptions (one of which is discussed below), we are allowed to collect, use and/or disclose personally-identifiable information from a child under 13 only if we have received the permission of the child’s parent (or guardian) in advance of any such collection, use and/or disclosure. To obtain that consent we provide direct notice to the child’s parent (or legal guardian) and seek the parent’s (or legal guardian’s) consent. The notice we send to parents (or legal guardians) contains the same information that is contained in this Privacy Statement concerning our collection, use and disclosure practices regarding the personal information of children under 13. 

One exception to the requirement of obtaining parental consent in advance applies when we first respond to a child’s request that we subscribe him to the Site’s newsletter. Nevertheless, while we can send the child the newsletter the first time, we cannot continue to use the child’s e-mail address to send him or her future newsletters without first notifying the parent (or legal guardian) that we will be communicating regularly with the child (at the child’s request) and giving the parent (or legal guardian) the opportunity to stop the communication before sending or delivering a second communication to the child. If the parent (or legal guardian) notifies us that he or she does not want us to continue to use the child’s personally-identifiable information for any reason, we will delete that information from our database. 

Use of Information.   
Assuming that we have received any requisite parental consent, we may use information collected from a child under 13, for example, to provide and enable the child to participate in activities that may be available on the Site, to allow the child to obtain services or products requested, to send updates regarding our Site, services or products, to send announcements, to conduct internal market research activities, and to otherwise promote our activities and products. 

Disclosure.  
We do not disclose the personally identifiable information of children under the age of 13 to third parties, other than under certain limited situations such as: (a) to a company that provides support for the internal operations of our Site and that does not disclose or use such information for any other purpose, (b) in connection with a sale or acquisition of our Site or assets, or (c) as required by law or court order or in connection with a legal proceeding.

Parental Requests for Information. If a child has provided any personal information to us via the Site, his or her parent (or guardian) may request a description of what personal information has been collected from that child, the specific personal information collected about the child, and the parent (or legal guardian) may either limit or restrict any further maintenance, use, disclosure or sharing of the child’s personal information, and/or direct us to delete it. Also, a parent or legal guardian may decline to allow any future collection of personal information from that child. Such requests may be made by contacting us at [privacy@iloveallaccess.com](mailto:privacy@iloveallaccess.com). TO MAKE SURE THAT WE DO NOT INADVERTENTLY DISCLOSE A CHILD’S PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITHOUT HIS OR PARENT’S (OR LEGAL GUARDIAN’S) CONSENT, WE WILL TAKE REASONABLE MEASURES TO VERIFY THAT THE REQUESTOR IS, IN FACT, THE PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN OF THE CHILD IN QUESTION, BEFORE WE PROVIDE A CHILD’S PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO THAT PERSON. 

The Special Case of a Child’s Attempt to Complete an Order for Concert Packages or Other Products.  
No user of this Site can order a premium package or any other product or service that we offer without submitting his or her credit card information. If a child under the age of 13 attempts to complete an order for one of our packages or other products or services, a boldly colored screen will pop-up that will ask the child to go get his or her parent (or legal guardian) to complete the order. Only the parent or legal guardian may complete the order. To make sure that it was the parent (or legal guardian) the person who completed the order, we endeavor to verify the identity of the person who completed the order by contacting them (using the information provided by the child or by the person completing the order) after the order is submitted. 

If you have any further questions or comments, please e-mail us at [info@iloveallaccess.com](mailto:info@iloveallaccess.com), write us at ILAA, Inc., 1100 Glendon Avenue, Suite 2000, Los Angeles, CA. 90024, or give us a call at +1-888-I LUV AXS (+1-888-458-8297) toll free from the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.  
+800 I LUV AXS (+800 458-92971) toll free from UK, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, Spain, Belgium, Switzerland and Australia.

THANK YOU FOR VISITING OUR SITE!

This Privacy Statement was last revised on _January 2, 2008_
