> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wd2go.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140524220501id_/http%3A//products.wdc.com/%3Fid%3Dolc%26type%3Dprivacypolicy%26language%3Den) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Corporate Information  
Privacy Policy

Western Digital collects certain types of information about individuals who use our website, products, and services. The Privacy Policies below are designed to inform you about the types of information we gather about you, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of that information. 

Western Digital Corporation, Western Digital Technologies, Inc. (“WDT”), and  Arkeia Software, Inc. (collectively, "we" or "us") are committed to protecting the privacy of customers, especially those who access and use our websites.

This Website Privacy Policy (“Policy”) governs your use of our websites, which include [www.wdc.com](http://www.wdc.com/), [www.arkeia.com](http://www.arkeia.com/), and [www.westerndigital.com](http://www.westerndigital.com/) (collectively, the “Site”). **  This Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.**

This Policy does not apply to user information that we collect in connection with our products and software applications, which are governed by our Products Privacy Policy, available here: [ _Products Privacy Policy_]().  In addition, this Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to whom we may disclose user information as set forth in this Policy.

What information do we collect from you?

Our Site collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with efficient and effective service while using our Site.

Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that specifically identifies who you are. We request Personally Identifiable Information when you order a product or service, register a product, fill out surveys, create a user account for the WD Community or correspond with us. This information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number or e-mail address. This might also include your credit card number and card security code (also called CVV) and the expiration date, if you create a return materials authorization (RMA), purchase an extended warranty or purchase products through WD’s customer loyalty program. We transmit your entire credit card information to the appropriate credit card company in an encrypted format during order processing for payment processing. If you purchase products through the WD on-line store, please note that the on-line store's privacy policy may differ from this privacy policy.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather this information each time you access our Site. This information, compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis, may include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the web site you visited just prior to accessing our Site, the URL you go to after leaving our Site, what browser you are using, platform type, your internet service provider, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. You do not have to register with us before we can collect this anonymous information. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. 

Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.

The Site may contain “cookies.” Cookies are bits of electronic information generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you visit practically any website on the Internet. Cookies are often used to differentiate users, store user preferences and track user trends in general. We may use cookies to improve the quality of the Site and to better understand how users interact with the Site. We do not use cookies to retrieve individual personally identifying information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provide such information. You can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the Site we offer may not function properly.

**How do we use the information that we receive from you?**

Our primary goal in collecting personal information from our customers and other visitors to our Site is to provide those customers and visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use customer contact information to provide faster, more effective warranty service, to contact prior purchasers and inform them of the status of their online orders or returns, to send promotional e-mails about products and services that may be of interest to them, and to contact users in relation to their user accounts and use of the WD Community. 

We may also perform statistical analyses of aggregate customer behavior. For instance, we may analyze which pages on our Site receive the most visitors or how long visitors spend reviewing those pages when visiting the Site. This allows us to measure relative customer interest in the various areas of our Site. We then use that information to improve the content of our Site, to enhance your experience when visiting the Site, to customize the content and/or layout of the Site's pages, to provide the services required by our individual customers, to comply with any requirements of law; to serve, or have a third party serve specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the Site; and for our internal purposes. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to the Site with information relating to the number of users linking to the Site from their sites. You cannot be identified from this information.

**With whom do we share your information?**

Except in the situations described in the following paragraph, we do not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties. You should also consult the privacy policy of our on-line store, which is managed by one of the firms with whom we do business. The on-line store's privacy policy may differ from this privacy policy.

From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to appropriate governmental authorities or other third parties in conjunction with a judicial, administrative or other proceeding. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a valid court order or subpoena or in order to assist a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Site's services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.

**Children’s Privacy**

The Site complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations protecting children’s privacy on the Internet. The Site is not directed to children under the age of 18 and we do not allow persons under 18 years of age to create user accounts. Therefore, except as may be required by law, the Site does not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not: (i) access or use the Site, (ii) create or attempt to create an account on the Site, (iii) sign up for any subscription service, or (iv) buy anything through the Site.

As a parent or guardian you can request that WD remove personal information of your child that was submitted without your consent or by the child misrepresenting his or her age. At your request, we will take reasonable steps to remove such information from our database. All such requests should include the same user name, password, and e-mail address that your child submitted and should be sent to [webinfo@wdc.com](mailto:webinfo@wdc.com).

**Changes to the Privacy Policy.**

This Policy was last changed on June 3, 2013. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of this Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather as well as how we might use that information and to whom we may disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use our Site.

**How to Contact Us**   
We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this Policy or its implementation. Any such questions or comments should be submitted via email to [webinfo@wdc.com](mailto:webinfo@wdc.com) or directed to the address below. We will undertake reasonable efforts to resolve or address your concern.

WDT  
Legal Department  
3355 Michelson Drive, Suite 100  
Irvine, California 92612, USA

**Effective Date of this Policy**   
This Policy is effective as of June 3, 2013.

  
Products Privacy Policy

Western Digital Technologies, Inc. and Arkeia Software, Inc. (collectively, “WDT,” “we,” or “our”) collect certain types of information when you use our products and software applications, including media players, personal cloud storage systems, networking devices, direct-attached and network-attached storage devices, and mobile and other software applications (collectively, “WDT Products”). 

By using WDT products, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this WDT Products Privacy Policy (“WDP Privacy Policy”).

**What does this WDP Privacy Policy cover?**

This WDP Privacy Policy covers the treatment of user information obtained by WDT in connection with the use of WDT Products.

This WDP Privacy Policy does not apply to user information that we or our parent entity, Western Digital Corporation, collect in connection with our corporate websites, which are governed by our Website Privacy Policy, available here: [ _Website Privacy Policy_]().  In addition, this WDP Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that WDT does not own or control, or to individuals whom WDT does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which WDT may disclose user information as set forth in this WDP Privacy Policy.   

**Your Consent** ****

By using a WDT Product, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided Information and Automatically Collected information as set forth in this WDP Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.  "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities may take place within and outside the United States.  If you reside outside the U.S., your information may be transferred to the U.S. or other countries and processed and stored there under those countries’  privacy standards, which may differ from the privacy standards in force in the country where you reside. By using a WDT Product and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, those countries. 

**What types of user information do we collect?**

_User Provided Information_ __

When you purchase, download register, or log on to a WDT Product, we may collect the following information from you:  your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, age, user name, password and other registration information.  In addition, we may collect certain transaction-related information, such as credit card information, as well as information that you submit when requesting customer support or warranty services. 

We may use the information you provide us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and promotional materials.  For certain Products, registration with us is optional.  Please keep in mind, however, that you may not be able to use all of the features of certain WDT Products unless you register with us. 

_Automatically Collected_ _information_

We may also receive and log certain types of information automatically when you use WDT Products. 

In the case of a mobile, desktop, web or other software application, such automatically received information may include the type of device you use, your device’s unique ID, the IP address of your device, the generalized location of your device (e.g., zip code or county), your operating system, the type of Internet browser that you use, usage information, diagnostic information and other non-identifying data that allow us to improve our applications.  

In the case of other WDT Products, such as our media players, personal cloud storage, direct-attached and network-attached storage, and networking devices, automatically collected information may include diagnostic, technical, usage and related information about your WDT Product that we use to better understand and enhance WDT Products, as well as to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other related services.  We may also collect IP addresses and other geographic information in order to tailor the content offerings and advertising delivered to WDT Products. 

**What user** ******information do we** **share with third parties** **?** ****

We may disclose information (including User Provided Information and Automatically Shared Information) from or concerning you or your WDT Product in the following circumstances:

  * as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
  * when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request;
  * to our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement;
  * as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of WDT assets; and
  * to third-party analytics companies as described in the following section. 



**Information collected by third-party analytics companies**

We may work with third-party data analytics providers and products to obtain, compile and analyze information about how users are using and interacting with WDT Products.  For example, these analytics providers may record the device, operating system, firmware and unique ID of WDT Products; generalized location information; and usage information, such as how frequently WDT Products are used and the file extensions that are accessed using WDT software applications.  You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by WDT may combine the information that they collect with other information they have independently collected from other services or products used by you. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.  You further recognize and agree that WDT has no responsibility for the technologies, tools, or practices of the third parties that provide analytics products and services to WDT.  For a current list of third party analytic tools we are using, as well as a link to these providers’ privacy policies, please see [**third party analytics details**](https://web.archive.org/web/20140524220501id_/http://www.wdc.com/en/company/corporateinfo/thirdparty.aspx).

**Information collected by third-party content providers** ****

Certain WDT Products offer the ability to access third-party content from companies such as Netflix, YouTube and Pandora.  WDT Products may also enable you to access or use third-party cloud services from companies such as Dropbox and Microsoft.  These third-parties may collect and transmit information about you and your use of their services, including information that can be used to identify you personally.  WDT does not control and is not responsible for the collection practices of these third-party content providers.  Your decision to use their services is entirely voluntary.  You should ensure that you are comfortable with how these third-party services use and share your information by reviewing their privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly on those third-party services’ websites prior before electing to use their services.

**How do we protect your information?**

If you would like us to correct or delete User Provided Data that you have provided to us in connection with your use of a WDT Product, please contact us at [webinfo@wdc.com](mailto:webinfo@wdc.com), and we will respond in a reasonable time.  We will make a good faith effort to provide you with access to your User Provided Data and to correct any inaccuracy or delete such information, at your request, if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.  We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical or for which access is not otherwise required. 

We have implemented reasonable security measures and practices in an effort to protect the confidentiality of your User Provided Information.  However, no security system is impenetrable.  It may be possible for third parties to intercept or access information that you provide to WDT.  WDT cannot guarantee the security of your User Provided Information, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to WDT.  It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password(s), computer and WDT Products.

**Children**

We do not knowingly solicit data from, or market to, children under the age of 13.  If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without his or her consent, he or she should contact us at [webinfo@wdc.com](mailto:webinfo@wdc.com).  We will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our database within a reasonable time. 

**Changes to the Privacy Policy     **  
WDT retains the discretion to amend or modify this WDP Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat User Provided Information by sending you a direct communication or by posting a clear and prominent announcement on our website.  

**How to Contact Us**

WDT welcomes any questions or comments you may have regarding this Privacy Policy or its implementation. Any such questions or comments should be submitted via email to [webinfo@wdc.com](mailto:webinfo@wdc.com) or directed to the address below. We will undertake reasonable efforts to resolve or address your concern.

WDT  
3355 Michelson Drive, Suite 100  
Irvine, California 92612, USA

**Effective Date of this Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 3, 2013.
