> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wpyar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181230213055id_/https%3A//wpyar.com/en/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Your privacy is an important part of our relationship with you. Protecting your privacy is only part of our mission to provide a secure web environment. When using our site, including our services, your information will remain strictly confidential. Contributions made on our blog or on our forum are open to public view; so please do not post any personal information in your dealings with others. We accept no liability for those actions because it is your sole responsibility to adequate and safe post content on our site. We will not share, rent or share your information with third parties.

When you visit our site, we collect technical information about your computer and how you access our website and analyze this information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the operating system used by your computer, the browser (eg, Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer or other) your computer uses, the name of your Internet service provider (ISP), the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website from which you come and the URL to which you go next and certain operating metrics such as the number of times you use our website. This general information can be used to help us better understand how our site is viewed and used. We may share this general information about our site with our business partners or the general public. For example, we may share the information on the number of daily unique visitors to our site with potential corporate partners or use them for advertising purposes. This information does contain any of your personal data that can be used to contact you or identify you.

When we place links or banners to other sites of our website, please note that we do not control this kind of content or practices or privacy policies of those sites. We do not endorse or assume no responsibility for the privacy policies or information collection practices of any other website other than managed site - [WPYAR](https://www.wpyar.com/) and its subdomains.

We use the highest security standard available to protect your identifiable information in transit to us. All data stored on our servers are protected by a secure firewall for the unauthorized use or activity can not take place. Although we make every effort to protect your personal information against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always a risk that low-intentioned manage to find a way to thwart our security system or that Internet transmissions could be intercepted.

We reserve the right, without notice, to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. These changes will be posted publicly on our website. When you visit our website, you accept all the terms of our privacy policy. Your continued use of this website constitutes your continued agreement to these terms. If you do not agree with the terms of our privacy policy, you should cease using our website.
