> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the glaminati.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190320224640id_/https%3A//glaminati.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Glaminati

This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 27, 2016. 

Glaminati Media Inc ( "Company," "we," or "us"), knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Company when you use the Website, any mobile versions of the Website, any applications published by the Company that you download from the Website or from a third-party, and other related services (the "Service"), how the information will be used and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information.

## **Information Glaminati.com Collect**

**User-Provided Information:** You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you register with the Service. Also, you may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, leave a comment on the Website, respond to one of our surveys, or use other interactive areas of our Website (all such information and material, "User Content"). If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our responses.

**Cookies Information:** When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer, mobile or other device ("Local Device Storage") that uniquely identifies your browser or device and allows Company to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website. A cookie does not collect personal information about you from which your individual identity can be established. Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains in your Local Device Storage after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's or Local Device Storage's directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Therefore, some features of the Service may not function properly or at all if the ability to accept all cookies is disabled. Other cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to help us and advertisers make suggestions relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers. For example, we use third parties to provide you with more personalized advertisements when visiting other websites. You can change the settings on your browser or Local Device Storage to prevent cookies being stored on your Local Device Storage without your explicit consent. Your browser "help" section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings.

**Social Networking:** If you choose to access, visit and/or use any third-party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with the Service, we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile and other device that you have made available to those services, including information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third-party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, share and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or another device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy as all of your other information.

**Log File Information:** Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you register with or view our Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and other such information.

**Information Storage:** Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Be advised that Company may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in Canada or elsewhere. Your consent to the Company's Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information represents your agreement to any such transfer.

**Web Beacons and Web Bugs:** Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.

**Mobile Analytics:** We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Service on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.

**New Technology:** As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means and there may be other technologies present that act in a similar way, but are protected by confidentiality.

## **How Glaminati.com Use Your Information**

We use the information you submit (including any personal information) to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service or otherwise in connection with our business in relation to the Service. By using the Service, you consent to this use and any other use of information identified in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you enter online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.

Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service (for instance, in User Content you post on message boards, in chat areas, or leave a comment to an article) becomes available to the public. You should be aware that even if you remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content.

By providing Company your email address, you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service or special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by sending an email message to _support (@) glaminatimedia.com_ with the word "No email - Glaminati" in the subject field. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements or offers.

Company may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security and personalizing advertisements and promotions.

Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User Content you post on the Website. Company has the right to remove any such User Content for any reason or no reason, including, without limitation, if in its sole opinion, such User Content violates, or may violate, any applicable law or our Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by reference, or to protect or defend Company's rights or property or those of any third party. Company also reserves the right to remove User Content upon the request of any third party.

We use cookies and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of the Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in to the Website.

If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. Note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages, and/or messages about your account profile.

We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, market research, community and forums management, auction services, and shopping, personal/job search and other classified ads functionality, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. If you choose to purchase merchandise, products and/or services on or through features on the Service, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing, order fulfillment, credit pre-authorization, and address verification. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.

We reserve the right to access, use, and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health, safety and other matters in the public interest.

In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users' movements around the Service, and to otherwise administer the Service. Geographic location information about you and/or your computer, mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.

We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers.

In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets.

We reserve the right to identify you from information you provide to us and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you, your offline and online behavior, and/or your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), with the information you provide to use and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose.

## **How Glaminati.com Share Your Information**

**Personally Identifiable Information:** Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Company will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.

Company may share your personally identifiable information or information about your computer, mobile or another device with our affiliates and third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Company (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).

As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers or dissolution.

Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Company will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law, regulation or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates or investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies or to protect the security or integrity of our Website; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of Company, our users or others. Please note we may not provide notice prior to disclosure in such cases.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Company services.

Company allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the Website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Website. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.

Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such advertisers.

## **How We Protect Your Information**

Company uses commercially reasonable physical and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from Company, at all times.

## **Your Choices About Your Personal Information**

You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information to Company, in which case Company may not be able to provide certain services to you.

## **Children's Privacy**

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. **If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to Company**. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at _legal (@) glaminatimedia.com_.

## **Third Parties**

Company expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Website, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices.

You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information (including personally identifiable information) on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.

Company is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Website nor the information or content contained therein. It follows that the Company accepts no responsibility for events experienced by you if you visit a third party site by clicking through from the Website. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Website to another website, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. User browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our Website, is subject to that other website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.

**Third Party Advertisements and Technologies:**

We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit the Website as is explained in detail in the Terms of Use. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or other advertising technology may be placed on your browser. This advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to the Website to target advertising within this Website or on other websites. This information is used for many purposes, for example, it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again. We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you. We also use web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this Website, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Website and to deliver more relevant advertising.

In addition, our advertisers or other third parties may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Website and other websites. We do not control the data collection and use practices of these other third parties. You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit in order to determine what companies may be collecting information on those websites.

**DoubleClick DART Cookie:** \- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on glaminati.com. \- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to glaminati.com  and other sites on the Internet. \- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include: Google Adsense / Google DoubleClick / Revcontent / Media Net.

## **Notification Procedures**

It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Website, as determined by Company in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.

## **Changes to Our Privacy Policy**

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected.

## **How to Contact the Company**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Website or your dealings with the Website (including your choices regarding cookies), please contact us at _legal (@) glaminatimedia.com_.

 
