> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allaboardtoys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000619143547id_/http%3A//www.allaboardtoys.com/privacy.asp%3Fmscssid%3DAUBV79VFWQS12HGL00LHRWKJXRPA9R91) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# All Aboard Toy Trains: Privacy

**How do you protect my Privacy?  
** All Aboard Toys respects your privacy. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. All Aboard Toys does not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding its customers to any third party. All Aboard Toys recommends that if you are providing information on behalf of a child, that you use the child's parent or guardian's e-mail address and that you have the permission of that child's parent or guardian. 

**How can I remove my name from your product email list?**  
When you purchase products from All Aboard Toys or register for any All Aboard Toys services, we automatically place you on our list to receive e-mail regarding updates about special offers, new products, and new services. If you do not wish to receive e-mail updates, please send an e-mail to remove@AllAboardToys.com and type "Please remove me." in the subject line. All Aboard Toys will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Examples of such information are: name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, birthdays, and product commentary. What does All Aboard Toys do with the information I provide? All Aboard Toys does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level with any of its partners or other third parties. All Aboard Toys may share non-personal aggregated, or summary information regarding its customer base with partners or other third parties. 

**What are "cookies"?**  
Cookies are files that your Internet Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. All Aboard Toys uses this feature to assign a unique identification to your computer as a means of providing you more personalized attention. All Aboard Toys cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless such information was knowingly and willingly provided by you. How does All Aboard Toys use "cookies"? All Aboard Toys uses cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited All Aboard Toys previously, and to help us determine whether you came to All Aboard Toys from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. Cookies also help us to retrieve passwords you used on the All Aboard Toys site as well as information on your past purchases and other preferences, saving you from having to re-enter this information upon every visit to the All Aboard Toys Web site.
