> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alldealsasia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140424224039id_/https%3A//www.alldealsasia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | All Deals Asia

This All Deals Asia privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information you submit to us through All Deals Asia. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the All Deals Asia website (collectively, the "Website" located at [www.AllDealsAsia.com](http://www.alldealsasia.com/ "www.AllDealsAsia.com")). All Deals Asia Pte. Ltd., a Singaporean Private Limited Company, the provider of the Website (referred to as "us" or "we"), is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the "User" or the "End User") and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us.

**Please read this privacy policy carefully. By accessing or using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to all the terms of this privacy policy and our website terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, exit this page and do not access or use the website.**

#### 1\. Changes to Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice on our home page.

#### 2\. Collection of Information

**Personal Information Provided By Users**

In general, we collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through All Deals Asia. We also collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on All Deals Asia. For example, our registration and login process requires you to provide us with your name, valid email address and password of your choice. When you personalize your profile and use the features of All Deals Asia, we will collect any information you voluntarily provide, and we may also request optional information to support your use of All Deals Asia, such as your year of birth, gender and other demographic information. We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of All Deals Asia, such as photos, reviews, ratings and other information you choose to submit. We may also collect information about you and your friends who use All Deals Asia, from any social network you may have connected from, in order to provide you with a more personalized experience. For instance, we may collect your user ID or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through All Deals Asia in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and collections. When you purchase a Deal, you will need to submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal. When you sign up for, or win, any contests, sweepstakes, or other activities that we make available on All Deals Asia, we will collect the information designated along with such activity, which may include your contact information such as your address and phone number. If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we will collect your email address and other related information. Additionally, we collect any information that you voluntarily enter, including Personal Information, into any postings, comments, or forums within the All Deals Asia community.

**Personal Information From Other Sources**

We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered, companies who we have partnered with (collectively, "Partners") or other third parties. We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you.

**E-mail And E-mail Addresses**

If you send an e-mail to us, or fill out our "Feedback" form through All Deals Asia, we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail, including attached files, and other information you provide. We may use and display your full name and email address when you send an email notification to a friend through All Deals Asia or the social network from which you have connected to All Deals Asia (such as in an invitation, or when sharing your content). Additionally, we use your email address to contact you on behalf of your friends (such as when someone sends you a personal message) or notifications from a social network or other website with whom you have registered to receive such notifications. We may use this e-mail address to contact you, for things such as notifications of limited edition shop sales and other related information. You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below.

**Information Collected via Technology**

As you use All Deals Asia, certain information may also be passively collected and stored on our or our service providers’ server logs, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed, or on which of the advertisements displayed on All Deals Asia you clicked. This type of information is collected to make All Deals Asia and solutions more useful to you and to tailor the experience with All Deals Asia to meet your special interests and needs.

We engage in remarketing to market our sites across the web. When a user visits our site, a cookie is dropped on the user. Users with this cookie may be targeted across advertising networks to receive relevant advertisements.

An "Internet protocol address" or "IP Address" is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer internet access provider, your IP Address probably varies from session to session. For example, we, or our service providers, may track your IP Address when you access All Deals Asia to assist with ad targeting.

"Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with All Deals Asia. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. In order to use our services offered through All Deals Asia, your web browser must accept Cookies. If you choose to disable Cookies, some aspects of All Deals Asia may not work properly, and you may not be able to receive our services.

We may also enable advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on All Deals Asia. These advertisers and ad servers may use Cookies and/or "Web Beacons" (which are usually small, transparent graphic images) in order to monitor information related to served advertisements. Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser. This Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy practices of any advertisers or ad servers.

#### 3\. Disclosure of Information

We will not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:

**We may share your information with All Deals Asia Merchants.** From time to time, we provide offers from particular merchants (referred to as "All Deals Asia Merchants") who, as part of the offer, request information on All Deals Asia customers who purchased the offer in order to aid redemption. In those cases, we share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with All Deals Asia Merchants. Sharing this Information may allow the All Deals Asia Merchant to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with a All Deals Asia Merchant if you engage in an Identification Activity, and then only to the All Deals Asia Merchant involved in that Identification Activity. We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for the actions of such All Deals Asia Merchant. While we inform them that they are only permitted to communicate with you for the purposes of the specific promotion with All Deals Asia, we do not have any responsibility for the actions of the All Deals Asia Merchant, and the actions of the All Deals Asia Merchant are not in our control.

**We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers.** We provide services and products through third parties. These "Third Party Service Providers" perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfil orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ("Affiliates") with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate's information to our bank to send out a payment. We encourage All Deals Asia Merchants and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

**We may remarket your information.** Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with the All Deals Asia website. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by All Deals Asia to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show All Deals Asia ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to All Deals Asia's website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>. This information is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose.

**We may share your information in a Business Transfer.** As with any other businesses, we could merge with or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.

**We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others.** We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its Users or others.

#### 4\. Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information

We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with "Third Party Advertisers" or "Third Party Advertising Companies" and other parties as provided below:

We use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us.

#### 5\. Updating and Correcting Information

We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account and accessing the "my account" section of the site, sending us an email at [info@AllDealsAsia.com](mailto:info@AllDealsAsia.com). Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us.

We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. In addition, it may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.

If you choose to store credit card information on the site, this is stored on a secure page and you may delete your credit card information at any time by going to the "my account" section of your profile.

#### 6\. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information

As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website.

As a condition of purchase of our products and services, we will send you Administrative and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. "Administrative Emails" relate to a User's activity on the Website, and include emails regarding a particular User's account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. Promotional Emails include new products, features, enhancements, special offers, contests, events of interest, and one-off marketing promotions. Such alerts may include marketing information about AllDealsAsia.com, our subsidiaries or selected business partners. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by registering your details at [info@AllDealsAsia.com](mailto:info@AllDealsAsia.com), by writing to us at the address contained herein, or by hitting the "unsubscribe" link button at the bottom of any of our e-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive.

#### 7\. Security of Information

We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information (such as credit card information) using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

#### 8\. Data Tracking

**Cookies.** To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User's computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.

**Other Tracking Devices.** We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.

#### 9\. Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites

This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on [www.AllDealsAsia.com](http://www.alldealsasia.com/ "www.AllDealsAsia.com"). Other websites that may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you review the website's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

#### 10\. Miscellaneous Privacy Issues

Minors under the age of 18 may not use the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. All Deals Asia does not sell products for purchase by children. In certain instances, we sell children's products for purchase by adults.

We may provide areas on our Website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs, or can review products, restaurants, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information. We do obtain consent from our users to post their name along with their reviews.

**Facebook Connect.** The All Deals Asia Site allows users to access Facebook Connect to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends' News Feeds. If you are logged into All Deals Asia and Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" your profiles will merge if the email addresses match. If the email addresses don't match, we ask you if you want to merge them and you must enter your All Deals Asia password to validate that they control that account. If you are already logged into All Deals Asia but not logged into Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" you will be prompted to enter your Facebook credentials or to "Sign up for Facebook." By proceeding you are allowing the All Deals Asia Site to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use in your use of All Deals Asia Sites.

Conversely, if you are not currently registered as an All Deals Asia user and you click on "Sign in Using Facebook," you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join All Deals Asia. Once you register on the All Deals Asia site and Connect with Facebook, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook. You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into "My Profile" and clicking on "My Facebook Profile." Further, you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect this service by visiting the Facebook Application Settings page.

#### 11\. Contacting Us

Whether you're a new or loyal customer, restaurant owner, marketer, publisher, media member or job seeker we'd like to stay connected and want to hear from you!

Email: [info@AllDealsAsia.com](mailto:info@AllDealsAsia.com)

Contact No: +65 6592 5599

Address: 119 Jalan Sultan Singapore 199008
