> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alldaygiveaways.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130804162001id_/http%3A//alldaygiveaways.com/giveaways-contests-sweepstakes/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# All Day Giveaways | Sweepstakes | Free Contest Giveaway | Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

#### NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. NO RESEARCH PARTICIPATION REQUIRED.

All Day Giveaways/AllDayGiveaways.com (“we,” “us,” “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personally identifiable information. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on this site ("Site") and how such information may be used and/or shared with others.

YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE USE IT. This Site collects the following kinds of information: (1) information that personally identifies you (such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address); (2) information that identifies your interests for “giveaway matching” including past giveaway participation history (3) information that does not personally identify you (such as the number of users who log on to the Site on a daily basis); As a general policy, no personally identifiable information is automatically collected from your visit to this Site. AllDayGiveaways.com only collects and retains personal information that you provide to us voluntarily in exchange for participation in giveaways. In certain circumstances, you may be asked on a voluntary basis to provide us with some personally identifiable information about yourself in order to use specific features on the Site, such as giveaways, offers, contests, surveys and other promotions. Such information may include contact information, and other information as we may require. The personally identifiable information you submit will be used to carry out your requests and respond to your inquiries. To accomplish this, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as giveaway publishers or those that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners), such as companies or individuals that deliver merchandise, participate in our promotions, publish giveaways, administer our promotions, provide marketing or promotional assistance, analyze data or provide customer service. In that case, such information will be shared only to the extent they need such information to perform their functions. Your personally identifiable information may also be used by us or shared with our publishers and affiliates to provide you with product information, and promotional and other offers. We may also use your information as otherwise disclosed at the point where such information is collected or in any additional terms and conditions applicable to the particular feature of the Site. Except as provided herein, your personally identifiable information will not be supplied to any third parties without prior approval from you. Participation in any available giveaway consents approval. As a condition for free ballots in any giveaway on the site, your information will be provided to our publisher giveaways for use in marketing messages. Your information will remain on the site and cannot be exported by the publisher. At any date after receiving a marketing message from a giveaway publisher, you can “unsubscribe” from that particular publisher and all mailings will cease. From time to time, we may collect non-personally identifiable information from you through the standard operation of our servers. Such information can include the type of browser being used, the operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, and the number of users that visit a specific page on the Site and the character and duration of such visits. This information may be used to help analyze site traffic and improve our services. We may also aggregate such information to create statistical data and share it with potential advertisers, partners, affiliates and other third parties. At no point, however, will the aggregated information personally identify you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non- personally identifiable information if we are required to do so or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary in order to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law; (c) comply with legal process served on us; (d) protect or defend the legal rights or property of All Day Giveaways, its parent company Flip Pocket and its affiliates, this Site, or its users; or (e) in an emergency to protect the welfare of our users or the general public. We may also transfer personally identifiable information to another entity in the event of certain corporate transactions, such as a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change.

CHILDREN UNDER 13 This Site is operated in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and is not intended to collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13\. Children under the age of 13 should not provide any personally identifiable information on the Site without the knowledge and permission of a parent or guardian. If a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with such information would like the information deleted from our records, he or she should contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this policy statement. We will make reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files. IP ADDRESS An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web. Web servers, the big computers that “serve up” Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, reporting aggregate information to our advertisers, and to track Site usage. When visitors request pages from the Site, our servers log the visitors' IP addresses. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site's policies or to protect our service, customers, the Site, or others.

COOKIES “Cookies” are small text files from a Web site that are stored on your hard drive. These small text files make using a Web site more convenient by saving your passwords and preferences for you. Cookies themselves do not contain any personally identifiable information. We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and match such information with data provided by you or another party. We may provide our analysis and certain non-personally identifiable information to potential partners, advertisers, publisher s(who may use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests) or other third parties, but we will not disclose any personally identifiable information, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. Also, we may allow third parties that serve advertisements on our Site (including our promotion partners) to place and access cookies on your computer, but they will not be able to access our cookies. The use of cookies by such third parties is not subject to our Privacy Policy, but is subject to their own respective privacy policies. You can have the option of deciding whether or not to accept a cookie by resetting your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive. Please note, however, that some parts of this Site will not function properly or will be considerably slower if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable your cookies settings.

KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE We have reasonable and appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, information is provided at your own risk; we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information.

LINKS This Site may contain links to other web sites that we do not control or maintain. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by these third party web sites. We encourage you to note when you leave this Site and to read the privacy statements of such other web sites before submitting any personally identifiable information.

CONTACT INFORMATION If you have questions or comments about our privacy practices, or if you wish to review/amend any personally identifiable information you have provided or wish to opt-out of any further promotional efforts or sharing of information, you can contact us at: All Day Giveaways Privacy Policy, Attn: Webmaster, 1000 West Maple Road, Suite 100, Troy, Michigan, 48084

LEGAL TERMS : All content on this Site is protected by U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws, and is the property of All Day Giveaways Company, its parent company Flip Pocket ltd. or third party owners from whom we license materials solely for our use. The trademarks and logos displayed on this Site, including, AllDayGiveaways.com, ADGA, and various other product names and logos are registered trademarks of All Day Giveaways. The trademarks of third parties, including our advertisers, may also appear on this Site. Unauthorized use, publication or exploitation of text, images or other content on this Site is unlawful and you are expressly prohibited from using, copying, reproducing, republishing, modifying, uploading, posting, transmitting, distributing or displaying, publicly or otherwise, any copyrighted or trademarked material contained on this Site for any purpose.

Your access to, use and browsing on this Site is voluntary and is undertaken at your own risk, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein and to all applicable laws. By accessing, using and browsing this Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions contained herein. Neither All Day Giveaways, its affiliates, nor any third party involved in the creation, production, presentation or delivery of this Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of this Site. While we use reasonable efforts to include accurate information, we are not liable for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site and expressly disclaim any liability for damages associated with your reliance on information provided on the Site and for any content contained in third party sites linked to this Site. Your linking to any other sites from this website is at your own risk. We also assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, browsing on this Site or your downloading of any materials or data from this Site.

Without limiting the foregoing, all content on this Site is provided to you “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANYTHING EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONTENT ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply in every jurisdiction.

By using this Site, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms, please do not use our website. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes. We reserve the right to revoke any and all access and use authorization granted to Site visitors.
