> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allgaeu-airport.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160524113441id_/http%3A//www.allgaeu-airport.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Allgäu Airport EN

  * [Home](http://www.allgaeu-airport.com/)
  * // 
  * Privacy Policy



### Privacy Statement

We appreciate your interest in our website and our company. We cannot, however, accept any liability for external links to other websites despite carefully checking their content. The protection of the personal data that we collect, process and use during your visit to our website is important to us. Your data will be protected in accordance with legal requirements. Information is included below on the type of data that is collected during your website visit and how it is used:

### 1\. Collection and processing of data

Every visit to our website and every file download from our website are logged. This information is logged for internal system-related and statistical purposes. The logged information includes: the name of the downloaded file, date and time of download, transferred data volume, notification of successful download, web browser and the requesting domain. Additionally, the IP addresses of the requesting computers are logged. Additional personal data is only collected if you provide this information voluntarily, e.g. as part of an enquiry or registration.

### 2\. Use and disclosure of personal data

If you provide us with personal data, we will only use it to respond to your enquiries, to process contracts concluded with you, and for technical administration purposes. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Your stored personal data will be deleted if you withdraw your consent for it to be stored, when it is no longer required for its original purpose, or if its storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons.

### 3\. Right to information

Upon written request, we will happily inform you of the personal data we have stored in relation to you.

###  4\. Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of the Google Inc Google Analytics uses so-called Cookies, text files which are stored on your computer and which allows an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the Cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transferred to a server by Google in the USA and is stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website in order to put together a report about the website activities for the website operators and to produce linked services with the website use and the Internet use. Also Google will transfer this information if necessary to third parties, provided that this legally prescribed or as far as third parties process these data on behalf of Google. Google will associate in no circumstances your IP address with the other data which are stored by Google. They can prevent the installation of the Cookies by a suitable setting of your browsers software; we point out to you, nevertheless, to the fact that you cannot use all functions of this website in this case if necessary fully extensively. By the use of this website you agree with the treatment of the data upraised about you by Google in the before described way and for the before named purpose.

More details: [tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de%5D) or [www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html](http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html)
