> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allgetaways.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070820053218id_/http%3A//www.allgetaways.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AllGetaways.com Privacy Policy

This Privacy Statement describes how AllGetaways collects and uses information about you when you use the AllGetaways web site ("Site"). 

We request and collect information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you when you register to use the Site and in other instances, (e.g., a Site user survey, order submission, and promotions). Such information may include your name, e-mail alias, user identification password and other information collected by our cookies (described below) (collectively "Personal Information"). You may also provide us with Personal Information in the process of submitting questions and answers while interacting with other members of the Site. AllGetaways, the service providers for this Site, and any vendor providing products or services through the Site, use your Personal Information to operate the Site, to effect your transactions initiated at the Site; to create and share reports about your transactions among themselves, and to enforce or investigate contracts formed at the Site and claims regarding them. You may correct or update your Personal Information by sending e-mail to [store@allgetaways.com](mailto:store@allgetaways.com). 

Cookies are very small text files placed on your hard drive by a computer server. It serves as your identification card and is uniquely yours. A cookie can only be read by the server that gave it to you. Cookies tell us that you returned to a specific Web page on our Site, and help us track your preferences and transactional habits. Cookies recognize your password and help us personalize your experience at the Site by permitting our computer server to "remember" who you are. If you reject a cookie you may still use our Site; however, your use will be limited in some areas of our Site. For example, you will not be able to use certain features on the Site, such as the ability to save destinations to a My Getaways list. Some of the advertisers on the Site use cookies to collect similar information, but we do not control the use of cookies by other web site operators or advertisers. 

We may send you information from time to time about Allgetaways.com promotional offerings. However, we will not share your Personal Information with any third party without your prior consent. Your consent to receipt of promotional offerings may be indicated in the appropriate check boxes within the Site signifying your preferences. You may be entitled to stop the delivery of promotional information from Allgetaways.com by sending e-mail to store@allgetaways.com and, for third party promotional offerings, by contacting the source of that promotional offering. 

Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to purchase products on the Site. AllGetaways does not knowingly collect Personal Information about child under the age of 13 or allow them to place orders on the Site. If AllGetaways learns that a child under the age of 13 is placing orders on the Site, AllGetaways will close the child's account and delete all information collected about the child. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AllGetaways may choose to retain the child's e-mail address as a means to prevent the child from re-registering with AllGetaways. 

We take reasonable steps to protect Personal Information and use technology such as SSL encryption, access control procedures, firewalls and physical security. If you use Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer, SSL displays a "lock" to signify that a page is secure. We urge you to use a password to protect your account from unauthorized access by others. If others, including family or household members, access and use the Site through your password, you are responsible for the actions of those individuals. 

We may store and disclose Personal Information allowed or required by applicable law or when deemed advisable by us. This means that we may make disclosures that are necessary or advisable to conform to legal and regulatory requirements or processes and to protect the rights, safety and property of AllGetaways, users of the Site, and the public. 

AllGetaways may make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time. We will post changes to our privacy statement here, so be sure to check back periodically. We may also notify you of significant changes by e-mail or in other ways. 

If you have any questions or comments about our use of Personal Information, please contact us at [store@allgetaways.com](mailto:store@allgetaways.com). We will use reasonable efforts to promptly investigate any complaint you may have regarding our use of Personal Information. 
