> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allgraphicdesign.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111101005353id_/http%3A//www.allgraphicdesign.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AllGraphicDesign.com's Privacy Policy

AllGraphicDesign.com is a website owned by QuinStreet, Inc. ("QuinStreet"). We at QuinStreet and our affiliated companies worldwide are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any information you share with us by using our websites. This policy describes the overall privacy practices of QuinStreet and our affiliated companies regarding information we collect on [www.AllGraphicDesign.com](http://www.allgraphicdesign.com/ "www.AllGraphicDesign.com") and through our other Internet advertising mediums, including but not limited to email, newsletters, and leave-behinds. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that QuinStreet or its affiliated companies does not own or control, or to people that QuinStreet does not employ.

Browser Data and Cookies

QuinStreet collects various types of information from you to better meet your needs and to provide you with a more relevant user experience. Some of this information is collected automatically through cookies (a small text file placed on your computer) or other Internet tracking technologies. The type of information your browser or Internet session may automatically provide us with can include the browser you are using, your Internet domain, the operating system on your computer, your IP address and the URL you saw just before coming to [www.AllGraphicDesign.com](http://www.allgraphicdesign.com/ "www.AllGraphicDesign.com"), the pages of the site you visited and the URL of the page you visited upon leaving the site. QuinStreet may serve ads and or contract with reputable third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. Either QuinStreet or these companies may use cookies or other measures to track user trends and user interaction with advertising on the site.

Personally Identifiable Consumer Information

At QuinStreet, we collect information that you may choose to provide to us when requesting additional information from us or from one or more of our clients. Examples of personally identifiable data that you may provide to us include name, address, and email address. If you provide personally identifiable data to us, you may later elect to have your information deleted from our files, or kept from being used for purposes other than for the service requested, by following the opt-out procedures set forth below.

You may post your resume on our website. If you choose to do this, you are providing personally identifiable information to us. You may choose to allow your resume to be searchable by employers and staffing companies. While we intend that only employers or staffing companies will gain access to our database of resumes, we cannot guarantee that others will not gain access. In addition, we are not responsible for the privacy and data use policies of third parties who access your resume.

Registration forms found on our website, such as the registration form for forums, blogs and the newsletter, may collect information such as e-mail address. Such information is used to provide the service requested. Users may opt-out of receiving the requested services by following the choice/opt-out directions below.

If you choose to submit, post or transmit any information through our website, including our forums and blogs, QuinStreet will collect the information as provided by you. Such information is subject to our Terms of Service.

If you elect to provide QuinStreet with personally identifiable information when requesting additional information from us or one or more of our clients, we may utilize such information for marketing purposes, and this use may result in follow-up communications from QuinStreet and from our clients.

The resume information you may elect to provide is used as part of our job board services and will be made available to third parties if you so elect. The browser data and cookie data that QuinStreet collects is also used for marketing and sales efforts to better target advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more personally relevant experience. The information is also used to predict responses to advertisements, and to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals. In addition, personally identifiable information you provide may be combined with information collected from other sources to assist us with targeting ads to your preferences and behaviors, and for other QuinStreet sales and marketing efforts.

All personally identifiable information you provide is maintained in confidence by QuinStreet. There are instances, however, in which your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information is shared with third parties, as described below. When you request information from QuinStreet or one or more of our clients, we may transfer that information within QuinStreet or route your information to our client(s), across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world, so that they may provide the information on their product or service that you requested. We may also disclose information to an affiliate or third party who provides substantially similar services as the original service about which you requested more information. In such situations, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such sharing. In addition to the above situations where your information may be shared with others, there is also the possibility that QuinStreet, or part(s) of the company, may one day be purchased by, or merged with, another company. In the event of such transaction, the acquiring (or merging) company will have access to all collected personally identifiable information. Finally, QuinStreet may share your information as necessary to comply with a court order or to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials.

In addition, if you post your resume on our website and elect to permit it to be searched by employers and staffing agencies, your resume and the personally identifiable information it contains will be accessible to them. While it is our goal that only employers or staffing agencies will gain access to resume data, we cannot guarantee that no other persons or entities will gain such access.

Wherever your personally identifiable information may be held within QuinStreet or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the information you shared with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Please note that while QuinStreet will make every reasonable effort to protect your information, no transmission of data over the Internet is 100% secure.

Use of Cookies & Opting-Out

QuinStreet uses cookies to collect information about your website activities and to recall the personal information you previously shared with us. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. Blocking cookies may result in a lower quality experience for you while you are visiting QuinStreet.

Personally Identifiable Consumer Information - Opting-Out

You may choose whether or not to provide personally identifiable information to QuinStreet. If you choose to provide such information to QuinStreet, you have the right to tell us not to make some of the uses of such information described herein or may have such information deleted in its entirety. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, surveys or promotional communications via email, you may opt-out without charge by writing to [privacy@QuinStreet.com](mailto:privacy@QuinStreet.com). If you wish to cease receiving other services or to have your personal information completely removed from our databases without charge, simply contact us at [privacy@QuinStreet.com](mailto:privacy@QuinStreet.com) and provide the name of the service for which information was provided, your full name, mailing address, phone number and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. Once we receive your instruction, we will promptly take corrective action.

To the extent that you do provide us with personally identifiable information, QuinStreet wishes to maintain the accuracy of this information. Where we collect personally identifiable information from you on the Internet, our goal is to provide a means of contacting QuinStreet should you need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personally identifiable information to [privacy@QuinStreet.com](mailto:privacy@QuinStreet.com) and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in the information that we hold as soon as practicable.

This site uses ClickTale web analytics service. ClickTale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website. ClickTale does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use ClickTale services. For more information see Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the ClickTale Web Analytics Service. We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to analyze user data to better understand and optimize the user experience. You can choose to disable the Service at <http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html>.

In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), QuinStreet is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age. Users under the applicable legal minimum age to work may not submit their resumes to the site.

Some of QuinStreet's websites offer you the opportunity to easily notify a friend of the offer or information promoted on the site. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about a QuinStreet site, we will ask you for your friend's personally identifiable information, including name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. QuinStreet stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. 

Your friend may contact us at [privacy@QuinStreet.com](mailto:privacy@QuinStreet.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. Our one-time email to your friend will inform him or her of this fact.

California has passed legislation requiring certain specific disclosures be made available to California residents who use the Internet and provide information that may be used for marketing purposes. That legislation requires any business that discloses a customer's personal information (as defined by the act) to any third party for direct marketing purposes to provide the customer a method for obtaining the names, addresses and certain other specified details of anyone who might have received that personal information. If you are a California resident you may request this information from QuinStreet or any of its affiliates by writing to AllGraphicDesign.com, c/o QuinStreet, Inc., 950 Tower Lane, 6th Floor, Foster City, CA 94404 Attn: California Privacy Rights or by sending an e-mail to [privacy@QuinStreet.com](mailto:privacy@QuinStreet.com). QuinStreet is not obligated to respond to more than one such request from you per calendar year.

Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and QuinStreet is constantly changing to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our online privacy policy, please contact us at [privacy@QuinStreet.com](mailto:privacy@QuinStreet.com). While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as practicable after you bring it to our attention.

By using this website, you consent to the terms of our online privacy policy and to QuinStreet's processing of personally identifiable information for the purposes given above. Should the online privacy policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our website for a reasonable period of time and by amending this privacy policy.
