> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alliedelec.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190224035321id_/https%3A//www.alliedelec.com/view/legalprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Allied Electronics - Privacy Policy

**General**

This privacy policy covers alliedelec.com and all of its subdomains. You can access our website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. However, while visiting the Allied Electronics site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information") for the purpose of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order subscriptions, or download material. This policy describes how Allied Electronics will use your Personal Information if you choose to share your Personal Information with Allied Electronics. Allied Electronics uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services or information on the site and to continue to communicate with you regarding goods or services you may be interested in. We provide your Personal Information to our email service provider, with whom we have a written confidentiality agreement to protect such information. We track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics, and then discard it. If you choose not to have your Personal Information used as a basis for further contact with you by Allied Electronics, you may "opt out". If you choose not to give us your Personal Information, you can still use most of this site. You merely will not be able to access areas that require registration.

**Children's Privacy**

Allied Electronics does not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal data from children and does not provide services designed to allow children to make their personal information available online. Nor does Allied Electronics take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to it. If you are under the age of 13, you should not disclose your personal data to Allied Electronics. 

**What personal information do alliedelec.com and its subdomains collect from me?**

Our website collects information in several ways. Some personal information is gathered when you register. During registration, our site asks you for a user name, password, your name, telephone number, fax number, email address, company name, and address. In order to register, you must provide all of this information. Once you register you are no longer anonymous to alliedelec.com or its subdomains and are able to take full advantage of the site.

In addition, we keep copies of information you submit when you send email feedback to the site, ask a technical question, or report a problem. If you contact us in writing through our site we may keep a record of that correspondence. We also occasionally ask users to complete surveys that we use for research purposes.

We do not intend to collect any sensitive personal information on our website and therefore you should not include any sensitive personal information (e.g. data relating to your health, finances, sexual orientation, religion, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions) on your profile or otherwise on our website. 

**What are cookies and how do alliedelec.com and its subdomains use them?**

A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some Allied Electronics pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Different browsers offer different ways to manage, limit, or delete the kind of cookies that may be placed on your system. When you choose a browser, you may want to give consideration to these issues.

Our website uses a session cookie to enable e-commerce functionality. When you enter the Allied Electronics website, a cookie is sent to your browser. The cookie is stored by your browser and written to your hard disk. This cookie contains a number generated by the Allied Electronics web server. It is used to uniquely identify your browser for the duration of your visit to the Allied Electronics site. This cookie is used to gather information about your username, cart ID, persistent login information and your preferred website country and language. The cookie is used to link you to your unique order, help you remain logged in and route you to your preferred alliedelec.com website. 

Alliedelec.com also uses cookies from third party providers, to track general user behavior, which is used to provide a better overall customer experience. No personally identifiable information is stored or tracked through the use of this cookie. Any ‘do not track’ signals would be received and handled by such third party.

These cookies are similar to locker keys in that, as you interact with our site (add an item to your shopping cart), information is stored for you in a locker on the Allied Electronics server. A cookie is the key to this locker and the information contained within. Because these keys are unique to you, they ensure that your information is secured and cannot be accessed by anyone else.

After 90 days, or when you clear your cookies, the cookie within your browser and the corresponding data will be deleted and your session ended.

**How do alliedelec.com and its subdomains use my information?**

Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with customized and relevant information when you visit the site. We also research our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us through registration, during a promotion, from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. We also use your information for the purposes of order fulfillment and occasional direct marketing activities. For more information about how we use this information, and with whom it may be shared, see below. 

**Who is collecting information?**

When you are on our website and are asked for personal information, you are providing that information to Allied Electronics or its parent company, Electrocomponents plc, alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. Please be aware that our site has links to other sites which may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those websites linked to alliedelec.com, other than any alliedelec.com subdomains, are not covered by this privacy policy. If you access any third party sites from our website, you do so entirely at your own risk. 

**With whom does alliedelec.com and its subdomains share my information?**

Information collected about you via our website will be used only within Allied Electronics or its parent company, Electrocomponents plc, except as described herein. Allied Electronics never sells, rents, or gives away information that personally identifies customers to third parties except in the case where one or more of our businesses may be outsourced and the provision of such information is an essential part of the service requirement. For example, Allied Electronics may utilize the services of a software services provider to send targeted marketing materials to you and other Allied Electronics customers. Under such circumstances, the security and confidentiality of personal information would form part of the legal agreement between us and the supplier. From time to time, we may release aggregated marketing statistics to business partners, or may use these in press releases, advertising, or published reports. We would only personally identify you or any other customer in such press releases, advertising, or reports with prior consent. Allied Electronics may also disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Allied Electronics rights or property, other alliedelec.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. In addition, Allied Electronics may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

**What are my choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of my information?**

We may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. Only alliedelec.com or its subdomains (or agents working on behalf of alliedelec.com and its subdomains under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive email messages from us, you can easily edit your subscription preferences or opt out of our emails using our Email Preference Center or the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of our marketing emails. If you do not wish to receive other forms of direct mail promotions from us, then please contact Allied Electronics by calling 1-866-433-5722.

**What is alliedelec.com and its subdomains’ policy on allowing me to update, correct, or delete my personally identifiable information?**

You may edit your online account information at any time by clicking on the “My Account” link located in the top right corner of every page on the Allied Electronics site. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data erased, rectified, amended, or completed by editing your account as described or by calling 1-866-433-5722. 

**How do alliedelec.com and its subdomains protect account, financial, or credit card information?**

The transmission of information via the internet is not always completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our site; and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we do employ security features to try to prevent unauthorized access. 

Whenever sensitive information is sent to or from our website, we receive that information from your browser, or present it to you, via a VeriSign certified secure-server using industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. We also encrypt and never store customer credit card information.

**What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of my information?**

Your website Account Information and online Registry Profile are password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. Allied Electronics has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law, regulation or by a court of competent jurisdiction or a duly authorized administrative or legislative authority. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Allied Electronics will not "transfer" accounts among customers. Also remember to close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal or business information if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.

**Notice to European Union Customers**

If you purchase Products from Allied, your data will be transferred to the United States of America. Any data transferred will be only such data as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and Allied. 

**Site Technologies**

Allied Electronics does not provide the technologies used to build its site, and therefore neither recommends nor endorses the same. Any information regarding identified technologies, their capabilities, limitations, applications, etc., should be sought directly from their manufacturers. Allied Electronics hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties.

**Policy Changes**

Allied Electronics reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Accordingly, we encourage site users to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We reserve the right to send a notice via email to the email account we have on file of any material change to this Privacy Policy. We will post any revisions to this Privacy Policy on our website and will provide a paper copy to you upon your request. Please review the Privacy Policy on our website or email us at [websupport@alliedelec.com](mailto:websupport@alliedele.com) to request a copy. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be posted at www.alliedelec.com. If a user continues to use the site after we change this Privacy Policy, then user accepts all such changes.

**Disputes Regarding use of personally Identifiable Information**

Any claim, dispute or controversy (whether in contract, tort or otherwise, whether statutory, common law or equitable and whether pre-existing, present or future) against Allied Electronics, its agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns, relating to this Privacy Policy will be resolved by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. Any arbitration will be conducted before a single neutral arbitrator and will be limited solely to the dispute between you and Allied Electronics. The arbitration will be conducted in Fort Worth, Texas, or by telephone or online, as determined by the arbitrator. Any award of the arbitrator will be final and binding on each of the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. If any claim, dispute or controversy is not subject to binding arbitration, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for that claim, dispute or controversy will be the state and federal courts located in Fort Worth, Texas, that you will not file any action or proceeding in any other jurisdiction; and that you waive any argument that Fort Worth, Texas is an inconvenient forum. 

**Limitation of Liability**

ALLIED ELECTRONICS IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR PHYSICAL/EMOTIONAL DISTRESS DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ALLIED ELECTRONICS’ LIABILITY FOR DIRECT DAMAGES EXCEED $50. 

**Miscellaneous**

If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, and the use of cookies, please send email to: [websupport@alliedelec.com](mailto:websupport@alliedelec.com). 

  
Updated 12/2017
