> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allianz.com.my privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606181155id_/https%3A//www.allianz.com.my/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

**How does Allianz Malaysia Berhad and its affiliated companies 1 (collectively referred to as "Allianz", "we", "us" or "our") treat data collected from your visit on our sites**

Our core businesses include General and Life insurance. These are confidential matters and we recognize your expectations regarding privacy. We are committed to keeping your information confidential and secure and that is why we have designed procedures to ensure your privacy in all facets of our relationship. No matter if you are a consumer, a customer, a job applicant or a shareholder, you are protected, not only by the applicable privacy laws, but, more importantly, our commitment to safeguard your privacy and your right to decide how your personal information will be used.

**Notice**

You can surf all our public web-sites anonymously. If we want to collect, process and use personal information from your visit on these sites we will disclose this to you. When you complete an application form, be aware that you are giving personal information and you will not be anonymous to us any longer. If you decide not to complete the application form or to leave the site altogether, we will not keep any information you have provided.

**Choice**

If we want to collect information about you, you decide which personal information we should receive. We will only collect your personal information to the extent necessary to assist us in meeting your various needs. It is not obligatory for you to give the personal information being requested, but if you do not, We will not be able to provide you with the services and/or products requested.

**Sharing**

When you provide information to us, it is not shared with any third party, unless requested by you or permitted by law. We may share your information with our affiliated companies and third parties for the purpose of fulfilling your requests and servicing you. We may also collect and summarize statistics that we gather about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and services and provide these statistics to third parties; however, when we do, these statistics will not include any personal information that identifies individuals.

If sensitive information (i.e. health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, etc) is collected on our web-sites at all, we will not transfer them to third parties or affiliates unless it is for the purpose of fulfilling your requests and servicing you, permitted by law or you give your express consent.

**Access**

We respect your privacy rights, particularly your right to access your information. If you ask us, and to the extent provided by local law, we will share with you the personal information we collect and retain about you through our web.

If you believe that an error has been made in the accuracy of the information collected from you, we will correct such error upon adequate verification of the error and the identity of the person seeking the correction. Please understand that in order to protect your privacy and security, we may also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

**Employees**

Our employees have to comply with their obligations of secrecy. We instruct our employees with access to your information that it is to be used only in accordance with these privacy principles and the privacy laws and regulations applicable to each of our specific business units.

**Web Tracking**

We may collect information about your visit to our site to assist us to measure and improve our website. Examples of information that we collect include: day and time of your visit, whether you have visited our website previously, whether you used a search engine to find us and some geographical information about what country and state you are in.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytic service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

The IP-anonymization is active on this website. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of this website, compiling reports on website activity for the website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

We store the data generated by the Analytic Tools securely and do not share it with third parties except to our group of companies and our service providers where necessary for the following purposes:

  * for web hosting services for this website; and/or
  * to gather non-personal information (using cookies) in order to evaluate the website’s effectiveness for online marketing activities and to measure statistical data.



We use cookies in order to provide you with a user-friendly, safe and effective website. By, default, the cookie settings on this website are set to “Allow all cookies”. If you continue, you consent to this.

For information on disabling these cookies, please go to the privacy settings section within your browser. You can selectively disable the action of installing Google Analytics on your browser component of the opt-out provided by Google. To disable the action of Google Analytics, please refer to the link below:

To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics cookies you may go to <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

**Data Security**

We strive to keep the level of security state-of-the-art at all times.

**Enforcement**

The laws of Malaysia provide for measures to enforce your privacy rights. In addition, compliance with these policies is ensured by the Information Security Officer as well as through an audit process.

**Data Privacy Queries**

In case you have any further questions about your data privacy at Allianz, please do not hesitate to contact us by using any one of the following options:

[> Inquiry Form](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606181155id_/https%3A//www.allianz.com.my/talk-to-us)

[> customer.service@allianz.com.my](mailto:customer.service@allianz.com.my)

Customer Services Officer,  
Allianz Malaysia Berhad  
Ground Floor , Block 2A  
Plaza Sentral  
Jalan Stesen Sentral 5  
Kuala Lumpur Sentral  
50470 Kuala Lumpur  
Malaysia  
 

  1. filling up the inquiry form below
  2. email us at:
  3. send us a letter via the portal service to our address below:



We look forward to being of service to you.

_1 Allianz Malaysia Berhad's affiliate companies refer to its related companies and associated companies, which includes Allianz General Insurance Company (Malaysia) Berhad and Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad. _

[Malay Version ](https://web.archive.org/documents/144671/158798/Notice+to+Customers+of+Allianz+General+Insurance+Company+%28Malaysia%29+Berhad+on+The+Personal+Data+Protection+Act+2010.20140113.pdf/b6cf6d8e-9106-4c7e-be6c-b53526f5be5c)

[**NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS OF ALLIANZ GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY (MALAYSIA) BERHAD ON THE PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT 2010** ](https://web.archive.org/documents/144671/158798/Notice+to+Customers+of+Allianz+General+Insurance+Company+%28Malaysia%29+Berhad+on+The+Personal+Data+Protection+Act+2010.20140113.pdf/b6cf6d8e-9106-4c7e-be6c-b53526f5be5c)

[**NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS OF ALLIANZ LIFE INSURANCE MALAYSIA BERHAD ON THE PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT 2010**](https://web.archive.org/documents/144671/158798/Privacy+Principles+-+English+Version.pdf/a1f76cff-5ea7-4d35-95de-3eecb002d83c)
