> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allprodad.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100529025950id_/http%3A//www.allprodad.com/termsofuse.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# All Pro Dad | About Us

Terms of Use 

You agree, through your interactive use of this website, that you will not post any material which is false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of another’s privacy, or otherwise in violation of any international or United States federal law. You also agree not to post any copyrighted material unless you own the copyright or you have written consent from the owner of the copyrighted material. Spam, flooding, advertisements, promotion of products, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are also forbidden. In addition, you agree not to post your email address, telephone number, physical or mailing address or any other personal information.

Be advised that it is impossible for the staff or the owners of this interactive resource to confirm the validity of posts, and as such, are not responsible for the content contained within. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information presented. The posted comments express the views of the author, and not necessarily the views of this website, its staff, its subsidiaries, or the organization. Anyone who feels that a posted comment is objectionable is encouraged to notify an administrator or directly email the organization immediately. The staff and the owner of this interactive resource reserve the right to remove objectionable or forbidden content as outlined above, within a reasonable time frame, if they deem that removal is necessary. Because this is a manual process, realize that immediate removal or appropriate editing may not be possible. This policy applies to member profile information as well as posted content

Users of this interactive resource remain solely responsible for the content of their posted messages. By registering and using this interactive resource, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the owners of this resource, any related websites to it, its staff, and its subsidiaries. The organization also reserves the right to reveal your identity (or any other related information collected on this service) in the event of a formal complaint or legal action arising from any situation caused by your use of this interactive resource.

You have the ability, as you register, to choose your username. You may not create a user name using your email address. We further advise that you keep the name appropriate. With this user account you are about to register, you agree to never give your password out to another person except an administrator, for your protection and for validation purposes. You also agree to NEVER use another person's account for any reason.  We also HIGHLY recommend you use a complex and unique password for your account, to prevent account theft.

Appropriate sanctions may be applicable. Please note that with each comment posted, your IP address is recorded and will be available to administrators in the event that comment removal, account removal or banning is required. This will only happen in the event of a major violation of this agreement.

Also note that a cookie (a text file containing bits of information such as your username and password) will be created in your browser's cache. Cookies are created solely for the purpose of “remembering” your user name and password, and keeping you logged in or out. Cookies DO NOT collect or send any other form of information to your computer.
