> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allresultbd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191223072009id_/https%3A//allresultbd.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Policy - All Result BD

Thank you for visiting our website. The protection of your privacy when you use is very important to us. The publisher takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. Your data will be protected under the law.

You can visit our website without disclosing your identity to us. Every access to our website and each download of a file on the website is logged in our server. The storage serves internal system-related and statistical purposes and marketing. Be recorded: name of the Internet service provider, the website from which you are visiting us and the pages that you visit, the name of the file, date, time, amount of data transferred, notification of successful download, web browser, accessing domain and the Internet Protocol address of the requesting computer. You as a user, remain anonymous.

 **Information collection**

We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.

We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address. With your permission, we may also access other personal information on your device, such as your phone book, calendar or messages, in order to provide services to you. If authorized by you, we may also access profile and other information from services like Facebook.

 **We do not sell personal information!**

 **Security of personal data:**

We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.

 **Cookies**

We use cookies to optimize the delivery of advertising on the websites they visit. Please note that it is not possible in any case to include your name, address or other personal information, either from your community account, the cookies used on your interests or out. You can of course still use our site, if you have prevented the use of cookies in your browser settings. To post comments and participate in voting, you must also accept the use of cookies.

 **Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) Google Analytics uses “cookies” which are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of our website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your anonymous IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. With the stored information from Google evaluates the use of the website visited and reports created on website activity for website operators. Google may also shift this information to third parties unless required by law, or where such third parties process these data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, we point out, and that in this case you may not be able to use all features of this website in full. By using this website you agree to the processing of the data collected by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose.

 **External Links**

Our website contains links to other websites. You will find links on our pages that refer to pages of third parties. The publisher Nuremberg press has no influence on whether their operators comply with the data protection regulations.

 **Use of Social Plugins:**

AllResultBD.com used so-called social plugins of the social network facebook.com, recordable as the “Like” button. Facebook.com is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The plugins are marked with the Facebook logo.

When you visit a page of our website which contains such features, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Facebook. Certain data available in the user’s Web browser from the computer of the user are transmitted to Facebook and Facebook sent back content. The contents are transferred by Facebook directly to your browser which embeds the latter into the website. AllResultBD.com has no influence on the amount of data that Facebook collects with this plugin.

 **Users should know**

This privacy policy was last updated on Last month. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any substance changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application.

### Privacy & Policy for Apps

AllResultBD built the All Result BD app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by AllResultBD at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

 **The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at All Result BD unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.**

 **Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Android Developer. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

  * The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
  * Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
  * We don’t collect any data from user.
  * To use our apps you user need internet connection.



 **Google Play Services**

 **Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

 **Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

 **Advertising Cookies**

We may use third parties, such as Google, to serve ads about our website over the internet. These third parties may use cookies to identify ads that may be relevant to your interest (for example, based on your recent visit to our website), to limit the number of times that you see an ad, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads. You can disable these advertising cookies by opting out at <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>.

 **Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;  
To provide the Service on our behalf;  
To perform Service-related services; or  
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

 **Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

 **Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

 **Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

 **Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

 **This Policy Is An Agreement**

When you visit this Site/ apps, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

 **Further information and contacts**

The rapid development of the internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy notice required. We will inform you here what’s new. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please [**contact us**](http://allresultbd.com/contact-us/).
