> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allscripts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230184222id_/http%3A//www.allscripts.com/en/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Allscripts - Privacy Policy

### Privacy Policy

Allscripts respects the privacy of every person who visits our websites. This Privacy Statement outlines the Allscripts will collect and how we will use that information. This statement will also tell you how you can verify the accuracy of your personal information submitted to Allscripts through our websites, and how you can request that we delete or update your personal information. We have developed our privacy policy from industry guidelines and standards, and local, national, and international laws and requirements. This privacy policy is intended to comply with the safe harbor created by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Union as compliant with the European Commission's Directive on Data Protection. This privacy policy should be interpreted as necessary to ensure compliance with the safe harbor. This summary highlights our strong commitment to protect your privacy. In addition to the privacy commitments outlined below, Allscripts complies with your country's privacy regulations. Thanks again for placing your trust in Allscripts.

INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE USE IT

What We Collect

Allscripts primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to give you a meaningful, enjoyable and customized experience while using our websites and to allow us to develop new products and services that are relevant to visitors like you. Personal information also allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your online experience smooth and efficient.

A) Personal Information  
To gain access to certain information on our websites, we need to collect information identifying who you are, your e-mail address and your mailing address. Visitors may also be asked to select a user ID and password. If you opt not to provide your personal information, you can still access our websites; however, you may be unable to gain access to certain information.

B) Aggregate and Statistical Data  
Allscripts may collect certain aggregate data called web log information (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) and use cookies when you visit sites. For instance, when you visit one of our sites, our web server will automatically recognize some non-personal information, including but not limited to the date and time you visited our site, the pages you visited, the referrer (the website you came from), the type of browser you are using (e.g. Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows '95 or Mac OS), and the domain name and address of your Internet service provider (e.g., AOL). Neither the web log information nor cookies collects any personal information. They do not contain personal information, such as your name or e-mail address, and in no way are used to identify our users.

How We Use It

A) Personal Information   
We also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; to statistically analyze site usage; to improve our content and product offerings; and to customize our sites' content, layout and services. We may also use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, new services and promotions. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our visitors' needs Allscripts does not collect personal information automatically, but we may combine non-personal information collected automatically (e.g., through web log data) with your previously submitted personal information. B) Aggregate and Statistical Data Allscripts uses web log information (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) to help us design our website, to identify popular features, and for other managerial purposes. However, web logs may be used if necessary to help identify any person attempting to break into or damage our website. We may share web log information with law enforcement agencies if we believe that we have evidence of a violation of computer security or related laws.

DATA SHARING AND TRANSFER

How We May Share Information Except as stated below, we will not share, trade or sell personal information of our visitors for use by any business. However, aggregated and statistical data from our visitors may be shared with our partners. For example, we may let a partner know that approximately "75% of our visitors use high speed connections or access our site after 7pm." Occasionally, we may share personal information from you (such as name, mailing addresses and e-mail addresses) with vendors, contractors or partners of Allscripts in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for or with Allscripts. These vendors, contractors or partners are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for Allscripts, and they may not share or resell this data. The services they provide may include such activities as direct mailing, fulfillment services, or e-mail campaigns. Allscripts may share your information with any person or company that acquires Allscripts business or any portion of the Allscripts business to which your information relates. Allscripts will ensure that any person or company to which your information is transferred agrees to abide by the same privacy obligations as Allscripts. Allscripts also reserves the right to share the information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law. Data Transfers Your personal information will generally be stored in our Allscripts databases, which are located in various geographies within the United States. Allscripts's data protection standards are the same, regardless of where your personal information is stored. Allscripts adheres to U.S. Department of Commerce European Union Safe Harbor principles. If you feel that we may have violated Safe Harbor privacy principles, you may contact Allscripts or the U.S. Federal Trade Commission with your complaint.

COOKIES

Cookies help us in many ways to make your visit to our websites more enjoyable and meaningful to you. Cookies are text information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Physicians Interactive Allscripts may use such "cookie" technology to obtain non-personal information from you as an online visitor. As an example, this might entail recognizing several web page requests coming from the same computer and therefore the same visitor. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.

DATA SECURITY

Allscripts is committed to keeping the data you provide us secure and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration. Vendors, contractors, or partners of Allscripts who have access to your personal information in connection with providing services for Allscripts are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for us. When necessary, we use secure connections on our web sites to protect information during its transmission.

ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND COMPLAINTS

We attempt to keep your files complete, up-to-date, and accurate. We tell you how and where to conveniently access your personal information and how to notify us about errors. We are committed to working with you to obtain fair and rapid resolution of any complaints or disputes about privacy.
