> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allstateff.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191129235327id_/https%3A//allstateff.com/privacy-website-usage-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Franchise Industry Expert | Franchises For Sale | Franchise Opportunity

**ALLSTATEFF.COM PRIVACY & WEBSITE USAGE POLICY:**

 **ASFF LLC strives to provide you the most comprehensive inventory and information available on franchise opportunities. We are committed to protecting our user’s privacy and providing them the best user experience possible. Our privacy policy covers data used in our websites, mobile apps, email and text-messaging services. The short summary below highlights the key points for your quick reference. For additional information and more detail, please read the full policy.**

 **KEY POINTS:**

The information you submit via the “Contact Forms” are ONLY provided to the franchise or business opportunity for which have requested additional information. We will not sell, rent, or share your personal information with any other 3rd parties. By submitting an Information Request form, you also agree to receive text messages to your cell phone (if applicable) from ALLSTATEFF.COM and those businesses for which you requested information. Text messages are only used to confirm your request and also for the businesses for which you requested information to communicate with you directly. If you no longer wish to receive information from a franchise or business opportunity that you inquired about, please contact that franchise or business opportunity directly.

We only add you to our E-Mail Newsletter list if you specifically requested to be added to our subscriber list. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the directions at the bottom of each mailing. The e-mail contact forms on our website are only to be used to send inquiries about buying a particular business for sale, franchise, or business opportunity. By submitting your information, you expressly confirm that you have a genuine interest in each of the concepts for which you have requested information. These forms are not to be used to promote a business, service, or other concept. Spamming of any sort on our site is not permitted as it hurts the integrity, credibility, and value of our business. Moreover, it jeopardizes our ability to continue to provide our services to legitimate users. By using the website and submitting a contact form you agree with these conditions.

 **ADVERTISING:**

You may browse our website at any time without providing your contact and/or personal information. If, however, you are interested in an opportunity and/or any additional information from ALLSTATEFF.COM (and/or our advertisers) you may register with us and provide your name and contact information (i.e., address, telephone number and e-mail address etc.). We share your information only with the franchises and business opportunities in which you have expressed interest. ALLSTATEFF.COM (“ASFF”) will not sell, rent, or share your personal information with any other third parties. If you no longer want to receive information from a franchise or business opportunity, please contact that franchise or business opportunity directly. ASFF also periodically sends newsletters, franchise and business opportunity updates and new advertiser information via e-mail to users who have subscribed and given their permission. If you wish to unsubscribe to our e-mails please follow the simple instructions to do so which are located at the bottom of each mailing. If for some reason the unsubscribe function does not work please contact us via our Contact Us page. We only add you to our mailing list if so authorized. Moreover, we do not share your e-mail address or other personal information with other companies unless authorized by you. ASFF is a lead generation and advertising service. Business brokers, agents, business buyers, independent business sellers, franchise companies, attorneys, and any and all other listings found on our  website are simply advertising purchasers, listing service purchasers, or other advertising clients and are not employed by or otherwise affiliated in any way with ASFF. Thus ASFF is in no way responsible for the actions, representations, or business dealings of any business that advertises and/or appears on the website. We also collect and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our website server, and to administer our website. We use cookies on this site. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics to improve our Web site. By submitting information to us and asking us to disclose your information to third-parties, you expressly agree to receive telephone calls and/or e-mails even if you are registered with any state Do Not Call Registry, and/or the National Do Not Call List. Our sites and apps also participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Learn more at [ **https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com**](https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com/)  about how Adobe does this and how you can opt-out of this if you so wish.

 **BEHAVIORAL TARGETING:**

We sometimes partner with third party ad networks to manage our advertising on other sites. An ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests (interest-based ads). If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by following the directions below. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. To opt-out of interest-based ads on Google, go to [ **www.google.com/settings/ads**](http://www.google.com/settings/ads)  and make a selection next to “Opt-Out Settings” to prevent targeted advertising on Google’s own sites, or across the web.

To opt-out of interest-based ads on Facebook, go to [ **Digital Advertising Alliance**](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)  in the USA, [ **Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada**](http://youradchoices.ca/)  in Canada or the [ **European Digital Advertising Alliance**](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)  in Europe and select “Facebook Inc.” from the list.

 **INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNIFICATION:**

Advertiser (and agency if applicable) represent that the subject matter, copy, and graphics of advertisements submitted for publication on ASFF by Advertiser do not violate any applicable law and that Advertiser and agency are authorized to have same published. Further, they affirm that they have secured all third party consents, licenses, and waivers and permissions necessary to display the ad content (including photos) placed on the website(s). Advertiser and agency agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend at their own expense ASFF LLC, its officers, employees, directors, and owners from any liability, loss, and expense (including, but not limited to, court costs and attorney fees) arising out of publication by ASFF  of any information and/or advertisement, including but not limited to any claim or lawsuit for libel, plagiarism, copyright or trademark infringement, franchisee disputes (including but not limited to, all costs from litigation associated with ASFF LLC, or its officers, employees, directors and owners being named party to litigation which is or resulting from advertising which franchisee(s) claim was false or misleading), and any and all litigation related to the Advertiser’s use of contact lead information and/or any inquiry by a prospective franchisee or business opportunity owner supplied by ASFF to Advertiser.

 **LEGAL DISCLAIMERS & JURISDICTION:**

ASSF is designed to provide information on franchise and business opportunity companies to prospective business buyers. The representations, views, and opinions expressed or implied in any document or image included in, or linked to or from this site, do not necessarily state or reflect those of ASSF. For any franchise, business, or investment opportunity listed on ASSF, the prospective business buyer is responsible to thoroughly investigate any listing or company, obtain all appropriate disclosure documents, and seek expert consultation prior to making any investment decisions.

In addition, all ASSF site users and service customers agree and understand that ASFF is in no way providing any legal, accounting, or business advice relating to the purchase or sale of any business, the hiring of any service advertiser, or the purchase of any products advertised on the website.

ASFF does not provide professional advice or endorsements based on information included at its sites. ASFF assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or representations of any listed company or subject matter contained at its sites, nor can we guarantee or assume liability for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information contained on this server or linked to from this server. In no event shall ASFF or its officers be liable for any indirect, special or consequential damages in connection with use of any content included at its sites. The use of this website or its services signifies that you accept all risks and that you expressly agree that ASFF, its directors, management, owners, officers, or employees are not responsible for any loss, damages, legal consequence, or anything that may result from the use of the site or its services. ASSF is intended to be used by individuals over the age of 18. We do not seek or willingly collect information on children under the age of 18. If we discover that we have collected information on a child under the age of 18, then we will delete that information from our system. We also reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. Lastly, ASFF does not collect any form of payment information on this site.

Concerning jurisdiction the use of the ASSF website and/or its services is governed by the laws of the State of Texas. Any enforcement of the ASFF Website Usage Policy will be brought in the state or federal courts located in Fort Worth, TX.  Any claim against ASSF which claims or relates in any way to ASSF will also be required to be brought in the state or federal court located in Fort Worth, TX.  ASSF reserves the right to request and to receive an arbitration hearing for any claims brought against the company, its officers, management, owners, or employees by any site users, clients, or other parties that will be fully paid for by the person(s), company(s), or organization(s) making the claim. Any arbitration hearing will be held in Fort Worth, TX.

 **MOBILE APPS & LOCATION INFORMATION: **

When you download or use our mobile apps, you may give permission to share your device’s real-time location (from cell towers or GPS). This information is used to provide services like localized search results. You can disable location-sharing at any time in your device settings. We also use an encrypted version of your device’s unique device ID to track app usage, and to send any mobile alerts that you ask to receive.

 **PRIVACY POLICY:**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  Also as we continue to develop our business we might sell or buy companies, subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the event that we are acquired or assigned, customer information will be one of the transferred assets. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.

  
**REQUEST FORM & CONTACT INFORMATION USAGE POLICY:**

Users are permitted to use the email contact forms and/or our lead submission forms only for the purpose to gain further information from the franchisor and/or business opportunity. The email contact forms and/or lead submission forms on our website are only to be used to send inquiries about buying a particular business for sale, franchise, or other related business opportunity. By submitting your information you expressly confirm that you have a genuine interest in each of the concepts for which you have requested information; that you wish for a representative from each of the concepts to contact you; and that the information that you have submitted is true and correct. We are grateful that you have taken the time to come to our site and inquire about the exciting franchise and business opportunities we have listed. In order to provide the best service possible to both you and our clients we must insist that you respect and understand this Policy. By submitting your information you expressly agree to receive a phone call, text message, or e-mail inquiry from the entity you requested information from. Submitting contact information that is either false or is done without interest to the particular business for which you have submitted your information is called “spamming”. Spamming of any sort on our site is not permitted as it hurts the integrity, credibility, and value of our business. Moreover, it jeopardizes our ability to continue to provide our services to legitimate users. By using the website and submitting a contact form you agree with these conditions

 **BY USING THE WEBSITE AND SUBMITTING A CONTACT FORM  YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE CONDITIONS.**
