> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the allvoices.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101222223013id_/http%3A//www.allvoices.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy :: allvoices - events, people, places that matter - tell us your news

BY VIEWING AND ACCESSING THIS ALLVOICES WEB SITE AT [WWW.ALLVOICES.COM](http://www.allvoices.com/ "WWW.ALLVOICES.COM") (the " **Website** ") AND/OR USING ANY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE, YOU (" **You** " or " **Your** ") REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO IMMEDIATELY CEASE USE OF THIS SITE.

allvoices (" **allvoices** " " **Us** ", " **We** " or " **Our** ") respects the privacy of visitors to the Website. This Privacy Policy between You and Us (the " **Privacy Policy** ") is intended to inform You of Our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any Personally-Identifiable Information (defined below) and Non-Personally-Identifiable Information (defined below) You submit or report to Us through the Website, cellphone or email. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy ( **"Privacy Policy** "), please email us at [privacy@allvoices.com](mailto:privacy@allvoices.com "privacy@allvoices.com").

The terms and conditions governing Your use of this Webite and allvoices are contained in a separate Terms of Use agreement available at [www.allvoices.com/terms](https://web.archive.org/terms "www.allvoices.com/terms") (" **Terms of Use** ").

This Privacy Policy covers visitors to the Website both with and without an allvoices account. By submitting Personally-Identifiable Information through the Website, cellphone or email, You agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and You expressly consent to the processing of Your Personally-Identifiable Information according to this Privacy Policy. Your Personally-Identifiable Information may be processed by Us in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in Your country. This privacy policy and [terms of use](https://web.archive.org/terms "terms of use") also applies to any content you sent via SMS, MMS or email, including retrospectively to any content you sent via SMS, MMS or email prior to your first use of this site.

**Visitors’ non-account activity:** You can view the allvoices Website without having an allvoices account. This type of user is also known as a Visitor.  
**Contributors’ Account-related activity:** Certain activities on the allvoices Website – like contribution, report or submission of breaking news, creating a news event, sharing videos, news URLs, images, perspectives, asking a question, answering a question, commenting, user profile, sharing the content with a friend via email and sms, all require you to create an account with allvoices. A user that has an account on allvoices is also known as a Contributor or a Member. To Contribute you must have an account on the allvoices Website or must create one during the first time You contribute. If you are sending us a contribution or report via cellphone or email without registering, our system will accept your contribution and may not publish it unless you visit the website to register and accept the terms of use, community conduct and privacy policy. By sending us a message via SMS, MMS or email you expressly agree to our [terms of uses](https://web.archive.org/terms "www.allvoices.com/terms") and privacy policy.

You acknowledge that allvoices does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Contribution and that User Contributions may be accessed and viewed by others, including the general public.

To provide an excellent user experience, We gather information from users like You to Us learn about visitors to the Website, Our customers and potential customers. We use this information to better tailor the features, performance and support of Our products and services, to offer You additional information and opportunities, and to inform you of changes to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use of the Site. allvoices collects two types of user information:

  1. **Personally identifiable information:** This includes the information that allvoices users enters during the registration process and that identifies the user individually (see below for more details) 
  2. **Non-personally identifiable information:** allvoices automatically tracks and collects certain information about a users’ visit to the Website that does not identify the user’s individual identity. Similar to other websites, allvoices uses standard web measurements and tracking technologies like "cookies", web servers logs, or other statistics programs, which keep records of traffic on allvoices websites. This data is generally anonymous information that does not personally identify a user, e.g., "clickstream data", such as domain name of the site providing the user with internet access, the IP (Internet Protocol) address used to connect the users computer to the Internet, browser type and version, type of operating system and platform the user uses, the average user session length, the number of hits and pages viewed, top search engines and keywords, access times, and other relevant statistics.
  3. "Anonymous Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to Your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons.



## Information collection and use by allvoices.com

allvoices collects information You submit to Us such as name, email address, cellphone number to authenticate Contributors and to send notifications to those users/contributors relating to the allvoices Website, products or services. allvoices also collects other profile data including but not limited to personal interests, gender, age, education and occupation.

allvoices also passively logs non-personally identifiable information, from users both Visitors and Contributors to the Website and allvoices, such as Your browser type, domain names, access times, operating system, navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) to gather information regarding the date and time of Your visit and the information for which You searched and which You viewed. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non personal identifiable information may be shared with third parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. User Internet protocol addresses ("IP addresses") are recoded for security and monitoring purposes. An "IP Address" is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer when You use the Internet. In some cases Your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if You use a consumer internet access provider, Your IP Address probably varies from session to session.

Contributor profile information including contributors’ pictures and first names or usernames, location (country and city) are displayed to users of the Website in order to facilitate user interaction in allvoices. Since allvoices is intended to be a global community for discussion around news, events and people, the allvoices Website will facilitate sharing and providing users with the name, gender and country/city of Contributors.

Email addresses are used for the purposes of sharing content or inviting other friends to be part of the allvoices network, and to notify You of important updates to the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use. With the exception of inviting friends, sharing content and notifications, a contributors’ email address and cell phone number is not shared or displayed to other people on the site. To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the service, allvoices allows users to search for other users/contributors based on geography (country, city) and interests. We recognize and highlight Our Contributors (user names) on search pages related to search terms based on geography and key interests/contributions.

We may also use a Contributor’s email address or cellphone to send updates, or news regarding the service. Contributors may choose not to receive email or sms of this type by changing their "notification" setting to "Do not send me notification emails or sms" in the contributor’s "Account Setting". For US SMS users, you can opt out from the website as above or by sending STOP or END or CANCEL or UNSUBSCRIBE or STOP ALL from your mobile device to VOICES (864237) if you have previously submitted content using the same mobile number and are in the allvoices system.

We may create records from Personally-Identifiable Information by excluding information (such as Your name) that make the information personally identifiable to You (" **Anonymous Information** "). We may use this Anonymous Information to analyze request patterns and usage patterns so that We may enhance Our products and services. We reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in its discretion, including for internal business analysis, and to provide aggregate demographic data to Our various partners.

## Invitations and Other Communications to Non-members

allvoices Contributors can invite friends to join the service by sending invitation emails and via our automated invitation system. allvoices stores the email addresses that Contributors provide so that the respondents maybe added to the friends’ list of the contributors sending information, and also to send reminders of the invitations (via email only), allvoices does not sell these email addresses. allvoices will send invitation remainders (up to (3) per email address). Recipients of invitations from allvoices may contact allvoices to request removal of their information from Our database.

## Use of Cookies

allvoices.com uses cookies to store users’ preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that users are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising and web page content based on browser type and user profile information. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that a web site sends to Your computer’s hard drive while You are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once You close Your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on Your computer until You delete them) to provide You with a more personal and interactive experience on the Website. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If You choose to disable Cookies, some areas of the Website may not work properly. Please note that allvoices may allow third party advertisers that will present advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not allvoices’ Privacy Policy.

## Correcting/Updating or Removing Information

allvoices Contributors may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit profile and account information.

## Email/SMS – Opt-out

Contributors who no longer wish to receive updates via SMS may choose not to by selecting 'Receive SMS with marketing or other updates from allvoices' in the "Edit Profile". Contributors who no longer wish to receive updates via email may choose not to by selecting 'Receive Email with marketing or other updates from allvoices' on the "Edit Profile". Contributors who do not wish to receive notifications for specific interactions with the allvoices site, such as commenting and reporting news, can opt-out using the respective notifications settings on the "Edit Profile".

For US SMS users, you can opt out from the website as above or by sending STOP or END or CANCEL or UNSUBSCRIBE or STOP ALL from your mobile device to to VOICES (864237) if you have previously submitted content using the same mobile number and are in the allvoices system.

## Third Party advertising

Ads appearing on this Website may be delivered to You by allvoices or one of Our web advertising partners. Our web advertising partner may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize Your computer each time they send You an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where You, or others who are using Your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisement that they believe will be of most interest to You. This Privacy Policy cover the use of cookies by allvoices and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

## Security

allvoices uses industry-standard techniques to secure Contributor accounts by contributor-created passwords to ensure that Contributors’ account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect Contributor information that is stored within our database. We also make sure that only authorized personnel have access to the Contributors’ account information. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of Contributor Personally-Identifiable Information even though We have taken steps to protect it from being intercepted, accessed, used, or disclosed by unauthorized persons. You should know that We cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personally-Identifiable Information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of Your Personally-Identifiable Information at any time.

## Sharing and Disclosure of Information allvoices collects

Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, allvoices will not disclose Your Personally-Identifiable Information to any third party unless we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the allvoices Terms of Use; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and protect and defend the rights or property of allvoices, users of the Website, or other third parties.

Although We currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, " **Affiliates** "), We may in the future. We may share some or all of Your Personally-Identifiable Information with these Affiliates, in which case We will require Our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.

allvoices reserves the right to transfer Your Personally-Identifiable Information to a successor in interest that acquires the rights to that Personally-Identifiable Information as a result of the sale of allvoices or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information see the "Changes In Our Privacy Policy" section below.

## Changes in Our Privacy Policy

From time to time We may make changes to our Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A user is bound by any minor changes to the policy when he/she uses the site after those changes have been posted. If however, we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify by posting a notice on Our Website for 30 days, and will send an email to the email address You have provided to Us notifying Contributors that we have materially changed the Privacy Policy. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time You use the Website in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy. If You object to any such changes, You must cease using the Website immediately. Continued use of the Website following notice of any such changes shall indicate Your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
