> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the steamcardexchange.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160105030444id_/http%3A//www.steamcardexchange.net/index.php%3Fprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Steam Card Exchange :: Privacy Policy

**Collection of Personal Information**

The only personal information we collect is your Steam Profile ID through the Steam OpenID Service. We only collect personal information if they were provided to us voluntarily.  
Some services may not be available for you if you are not logged in through the Steam OpenID Service.

For more information regarding the Steam OpenID Service's Privacy Policy see here:  
<http://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/>

**Collection of Non-Personal Information**

In order to improve our services we collect and use non-personal information.  
These informations are not associated with a specific individual community member and therefore can not be traced back to a specific steam account or it's owner.

Non-Personal information we collect and use include but are not limited to:

  * Cards
  * Badges
  * Emoticons
  * Backgrounds
  * Booster Packs



In case we combine personal information with non-personal information we will classify and treat the combined information as personal information for as long as it remains combined.

**Web browser cookies**

Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

**Sharing your personal information**

We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information with anyone. We only use them as stated above.

**Third party websites**

We have linked our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties on various places. We have no control over the content that appears on these sites and we are not responsible for it. Browsing on any other website is subject to that website's own privacy policies and terms and conditions.

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for SteamCardExchange.net.  
You may opt-out if you don’t want your anonymous browser data to be collected by Google Analytics when you visit this website and all others who use the service.  
Learn more: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

**Google AdSense**

Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visit to this website as well as other sites on the internet.  
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following website <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>.  
Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.  
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, SteamCardExchange.net has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.

**AdBlock Plus - Acceptable Ads**

Our website is part of the acceptable ads program of AdBlock Plus, you can find informations about it here: [Allowing acceptable ads in Adblock Plus](https://adblockplus.org/en/acceptable-ads).  
The forum thread you can find here: [Adblock Plus Forum](https://adblockplus.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=12&t=28759&sid=35a7d162e618c5ff9d40c062ac607cba)

_This privacy policy was last modified on Wednesday, 18 March 2015_
