> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the steelpanda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120324094129id_/http%3A//www.steelpanda.com/content/terms-use-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of use & Privacy | SteelPanda

**Privacy**

This Privacy Policy applies to the SteelPanda website located at [www.steelpanda.com](http://www.steelpanda.com/ "www.steelpanda.com") ("Site"). 

We'll post the updated version here, and we'll notify you if we think the changes will significantly impact the treatment of information you have already provided.

Information You Provide: You provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) to SteelPanda when choosing to participate in various activities on the Site such as posting messages in the games comment section or in our forums, sending feedback, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists. 

You may switch on your personal contact form on your profile page. In this case you will be able to receive messages from other registered users on SteelPanda website. In this case we don't track, filter or access such messages and don't have any responsibility of the content of the messages. If you receive some bad messages such as "spam", you may switch the contact form off or contact us to tell about the problem. When other users use your personal contact form they don't get access to your email address.

Other Information We Track: This Site uses passive tracking technologies to log non-identifiable information such as IP address, browser type and Site usage (for example: what pages are accessed, how often, referring/exit pages and URLs). We may also employ "cookies" or similar technologies that provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but if you do, some features on our Site will not function normally.

Invite a Friend: You may invite friends to join the SteelPanda community by using the "invite a friend" feature. You will be required to submit your name and email address, as well as their name and email address. Your friend's personal information that you submit in this feature will be used only to send the email you request, and will not be stored or maintained by SteelPanda.

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Advertising**

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).
