> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the steelers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050403111935id_/http%3A//www.steelers.com/article/43230) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Official site of the Pittsburgh Steelers - Article

Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

This privacy statement is applicable to steelers.com and all its affiliates.

The Pittsburgh Steelers' policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users.

The Pittsburgh Steelers and its internet partner, Network Applications, (hereafter collectively referred to as "Pittsburgh Steelers" or "Steelers") does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas.

Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from the Pittsburgh Steelers and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, the Pittsburgh Steelers reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.

This site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Certain personally identifiable information, such as credit card information, is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.

The Pittsburgh Steelers may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the Pittsburgh Steelers' rights or property, other Pittsburgh Steelers users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The Pittsburgh Steelers may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

The Pittsburgh Steelers reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The Pittsburgh Steelers will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that the Pittsburgh Steelers may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through the Pittsburgh Steelers' site. The Pittsburgh Steelers are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the Pittsburgh Steelers' sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the Pittsburgh Steelers.

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the Pittsburgh Steelers' internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that the Pittsburgh Steelers cannot or does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the Pittsburgh Steelers. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Pittsburgh Steelers' site.

**A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY**

The site is a general audience site. We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the site. If in the future, the Steelers knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consents. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association’s Web site ([www.the-dma.org](http://www.the-dma.org/)) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise Web site ([www.getnetwise.org](http://www.getnetwise.org/)) to learn more about parental control tools.

Upon request, the Pittsburgh Steelers will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, the Pittsburgh Steelers will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, the Pittsburgh Steelers will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.

The foregoing policies are effective as of September 2004. The Pittsburgh Steelers reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.

By using this site, you signify your assent to the Pittsburgh Steelers Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the Pittsburgh Steelers' sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site's privacy statement, you should first contact the company at [feedback@steelers.com](mailto:feedback@steelers.com).  

