> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stevequayle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181027230901id_/http%3A//www.stevequayle.com/index.php%3Fs%3D635) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

**Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC. Privacy Policy**  
Effective as of March 1, 2017  
Thank you for visiting our site! Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the www.stevequayle.com site and other websites owned or operated by Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC or its affiliates and partners where this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the "Sites"). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Sites, and covers information collected on, through, or in connection with your use of the Sites.  
We reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and to change any feature of the Sites, including the removal of any feature, in our sole discretion at any time. Modifications to this Privacy Policy may be communicated to you via email, at the most recent email address you provide to us, or by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will supersede the prior provisions for all activity occurring at the Sites after the revised version has been posted in the manner described above. Your use of the Sites constitutes your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying _Terms and Conditions of Use_ ; and your continued use of the Sites after a revised version of this policy is made available constitutes your agreement to the revision. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in our Terms and Conditions of Use.  
**Information We Collect**

  1. _Personal Information._ You may be able to enter contests, order products, vote in a poll or otherwise express your opinion, subscribe to our services, become a member of our online communities, or request promotional items on and through our Sites. We may collect certain personally identifiable information from you on these pages, including your name, address, date of birth, email address, and telephone number (collectively, "Personal Information"). We do not collect any Personal Information from you when you visit the Sites unless you provide us with the Personal Information voluntarily.
  2. _Billing Information._ In order to process any Subscriptions, you must provide certain billing information, such as PayPal number, credit card number, expiration date, bank account information, billing address, activation code, and similar information (collectively, the "Billing Information"). Such Billing Information will be collected and processed by our third-party payment vendors pursuant to the terms and conditions of their privacy policies and terms of use, and we do not obtain access to any Billing Information in connection with such Subscriptions.
  3. _Other Information and Cookies._ In addition to the Personal Information and Billing Information noted above that you voluntarily provide to us, we may collect additional information (collectively, the "Other Information"). Such Other Information may include (i) information that we automatically collect when you visit the Sites, such as your IP addresses, Internet service provider, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Sites you visit, number of links you click while in the Sites, and similar information concerning your use of the Sites; and (ii) additional information that you voluntarily provide to us regarding your use and interest in our programs, offers, products, and services.



Other Information also includes information that we collect using "cookie" technology. Cookies are bits of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can enhance your online experience by automatically saving your preferences. We use cookies because they help us to provide to you a better online experience. The information we collect through the use of cookies allows Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC to determine when and for how long you logged on to the Sites, so that we can try to understand how to better serve your needs.  
If you do not want Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC to deploy cookies in your browser, you can opt out by setting your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie in your browser software. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still use the Sites and the Services, although your ability to use some of the features may be affected.

  4. _Third-Party Analytics_



We and the third-party technology providers, ad exchanges, ad networks, advertisers, agencies, ad exchanges, and ad servers with which we work use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Sites and the Services, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to the Sites and the Services and mobile and Internet usage. These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze and provide us the data. You consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.  
For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit the sites below. Please be advised that if you opt out of any service, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites or the Services.

**Third-Party Online Advertising**  
Some of the advertisements on the Sites are delivered by third parties. These third parties include advertisers, advertising agencies, and ad networks. Please be aware that when you view or interact with one of their advertisements, such third parties may collect information through cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and other technologies about your online activities, either on our Sites or across the Internet, in an effort to understand your interests and deliver advertisements tailored to those interests. Pixel tags enable us and these third-party advertisers to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site.   
**Accessing and Modifying Information**  
If you have provided us Personal Information, you may access, review, and make changes to such Information by sending an email to our support attendants at the "

 _Contact Us_

" section of the Site or by following the directions set forth on the Site   
**How We Use and Share the Information**  
We use the Personal Information and the Other Information (collectively, the "Information) to provide the products and services you have requested, to notify you if you have won a contest, to respond to your inquiries, to solicit your feedback, to inform you about our products and services and those of our third-party marketing partners, and to tailor messaging to you. Also, we may use and/or share Information as described below.

  * We may share Information about your activity on the Sites with third-party advertising companies for the purpose of tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing advertising you see on the Sites and elsewhere.
  * We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include providing marketing assistance, order fulfillment, billing, and customer service. These other companies will have access to the Information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law.
  * If you choose to publish any content on the Sites, such content will be published with any screen name you have provided to us. Please be aware that the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected, and used by parties other than us.
  * In an ongoing effort to better understand our users and our products and services, we may analyze the Other Information in aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Sites and/or our products and services. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our products and services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
  * We may share some or all of your Information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us.
  * As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the Information may be part of the transferred assets.
  * To the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose Information when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing the Information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC or others.



**How We Protect Your Information**  
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share such Information, nor can we guarantee that the Information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In particular, e-mail sent to us may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.  
**Important Notice to Non-U.S. Residents**  
The Sites are operated in the United States. Please be aware that your Information, including your Personal Information, may be transferred to, processed, maintained, and used on computers, servers, and systems located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to use the Sites, you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to such transfer, processing, and use in the United States and elsewhere.  
**California Residents**  
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who have an established business relationship with Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC may choose to opt out of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you have already granted us this permission and (1) you now wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for the direct marketing purposes, please contact us as described below.  
In addition, Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC does not monitor, recognize, or honor any opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser "Do Not Track" settings and/or signals.  
**A Special Note about Children**  
The Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC adheres to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and will not knowingly register or otherwise collect Personal Information from any child under the age of 13. We ask that minors (under the age of 13) not submit any Personal Information to Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC. If you are under the age of 13, you may use the Sites only with the consent of your parent or guardian.  
If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us, by visiting the " _Contact Us_ " section of this Site, and request that such information be deleted from our records.  
**External Websites**  
The Sites may contain links to third-party websites. Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other websites to which we provide links. As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites.  
**How to Contact Us**  
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, please send us an e-mail as directed on the " _Contact Us_ " page of the Site.  
The Sites are owned and operated by Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC, Inc., 315 Edelweiss Dr, Bozeman, MT 59718. For further information about Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC, Inc. or the Site, please visit the " _Contact Us_ " section of the Sites. You may have this same information sent to you by e-mail by sending a letter to Renaissance Safe-Trek LLC, Inc., 315 Edelweiss Dr, Bozeman, MT 59718 your e-mail address and a request for this information.
