> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the my-true-self.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150529222418id_/http%3A//www.my-true-self.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# My-true-self.com - Discover yourself!

**1\. Introduction**

Brand Audience LTD & Co.KG ("Brand Audience", "we", "us" or "our") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.

This Privacy Policy applies to our website under the domain name www.my-true-self.com (the "Website"). It explains how we comply with the European Union data protection requirements and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.

**2\. Information we may collect from you**

We may collect and process the following data about you:

\- information that you provide when you choose to register or fill in forms on the website (including, without limitation, information provided when requesting further information, products or services, completing a survey for our research purposes or when you report a problem with the Website). This information may include personal information (including name, company and contact details) and information regarding your personal or professional interests, experiences with our products and services  
\- if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any information contained therein  
\- details of your visits to our site (including, without limitation, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data) and the resources that you access.

**3\. Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website.  
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

**4\. Facebook**

Our website uses social plugins ("plugins") provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo (white letter f on blue background or a thumb up icon) or the notice "Facebook Social Plugin". For a full list of all social Plugins please see <http://developers.facebook.com/plugins>.

When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge: The embedded plugins provide Facebook with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking "Like", or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Facebook, there is possibility that the plugins transmits your IP-address to Facebook.

For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit Facebook's privacy policy: <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>.

If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our website. Further you can block Facebook social Plugins by using add-ons for your browser, like the "[Facebook Blocker](http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/)". 

**5\. IP addresses and cookies**

We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.

For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve the Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:

\- to estimate our audience size and usage pattern;  
\- to store information about web traffic and your preferences and so allow us to customise the Website according to your individual interests;  
\- to speed up your searches;  
\- to recognise you when you return to our site.

A cookie does not allow us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

Third party cookies may be placed on your computer by third party websites that we have integrated into my-true-self.com such as (but not limited to) Google Analytics, Doubleclick, Facebook, Google+ and Google Adsense. In addition, we have links to third party websites that may place cookies on your computer and have separate privacy policies.

You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to the Website.

 **6\. Google Adsense / The DoubleClick cookie**

The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser. 

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/). (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).)

**7\. Security**

All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored at or processed in a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Please be aware that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We cannot therefore guarantee the security of any data you transmit to the Website and any transmission is at your own risk. We are committed to ensuring that, once we have received your data, any personal data we hold about you is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your personal data we have ensured that strict security measures and procedures are in place.

**8\. Uses made of your information**

We may use information held about you in the following ways:

\- to ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;  
\- to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;  
\- to contact you by e-mail to respond to your queries or requests;  
\- to understand your needs and provide you with a better service;  
\- to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and/or  
\- to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.

If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please follow the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions located on our communications to you or please write to us at the address set out in paragraph 15.

**9\. Disclosure of information**

We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we sell or buy any business or assets or if Brand Audience, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party. We may also disclose your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements or to protect the rights, property or safety of Brand Audience, its customers or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Disclosure of your personal information may involve sending it outside of the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**10\. Your rights**

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instructions located on the forms we use to collect your data or by writing to us at the address set out in paragraph 15.

**11\. Links to and from other wbsites**

Links to third party websites on the Website are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the Website. We have not reviewed all of these third party websites and do not control and are not responsible for these websites or the protection and privacy of any information you may provide when visiting such websites. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk. Please note that these third party websites have their own privacy policies and you should check these privacy policies before you submit any personal data to these third party websites.

**12\. Access to information**

The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. You may request details of personal information we hold about you by writing to the address set out in paragraph 15.

**13\. Incorrect information**

If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us to the address set out in paragraph 15. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

**14\. Changes to our Privacy Policy**

Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website.

**15\. Contact**

Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Brand Audience LTD & Co.KG, Gaertnerstrasse 21, 10245 Berlin, Germany.
