> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mundia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121108171919id_/http%3A//www.mundia.com/ca/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mundia Privacy Policy

## Mundia Website Privacy Policy

This website ([www.mundia.com](http://www.mundia.com/)) (“Website” or “Mundia”) is operated by Ancestry.com Operations Inc., a company incorporated in Delaware, and whose registered address is 360 West 4800 North, Provo, UT 84604, USA (“we,” “our” and “us”). By registering with Mundia, you are becoming part of the Ancestry.com community, which consists of websites owned or operated by us and our affiliates, subsidiaries and parent organizations (“Affiliates”) (click here for a list of our [Affiliates](https://web.archive.org/ca/Affiliates)). We are committed to protecting your privacy online and this privacy policy explains how we collect information, what we do with it and what controls you have over your personal information.

By using our Website you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by us as set forth in this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this Website. Use of the Website following any changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised privacy policy then in effect. **If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use the website.**

You do not have to provide us with personal information. However, in order to use the services offered through the Website, we may require you to provide us with personal information, including your name, email address, postal address, and credit card or other payment account number. For example, we will ask for your name and email address when you register and/or sign up for a subscription or use features such as email. In addition, if you elect to subscribe to a service or purchase a product, we will need to know your postal address and credit card or other payment account number. We may ask for similar information at other times, such as when you reply to surveys or enter promotions. You can choose not to provide certain personal information; however, if you withhold personal information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.

You may provide us with additional personal information, including personal information related to you and your family members, in the course of using our Website. By providing us with personal information about another living person, you represent that you have obtained the consent of the person whose personal information you are providing to us or, if the person is under 18 years of age, you represent that you have obtained the consent of the parent or guardian of the person under 18 years of age. In all cases, please ensure that you have made clear to the person (or, if applicable, to the parent/guardian) the implications of the consent.

When you provide us with any personal information, that personal information may be transferred to and stored and processed in other countries which may provide a different level of protection for personal data than in your country of residence. By providing us with personal information, you specifically consent to the transfer, storage and processing of personal information.

We may use the personal information you provide:

  * to fulfill the purpose for which you have provided the personal information (for example, to enable us to process your registration or subscription and to provide you with the services and information offered through our Website and which you request);
  * to verify and carry out financial transactions relating to payments you make online;
  * for internal business purposes, such as data analysis, carrying out internal research on how our Website is used, audits, developing new products and services, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;
  * to send you administrative emails, such as about the status of your subscription and account;
  * to send you promotional emails (you can change your preferences with respect to the receipt of promotional emails at any time as set forth in the “How can I opt-out?” section below);
  * to permit you to participate in promotions and surveys. You should carefully review the rules, if any, of each promotion in which you participate, as they may contain additional important information about our use of your personal information. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of your personal information conflict with this privacy policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall apply; or
  * to permit you to invite a relative to use the Website or send a message to a relative. We will use your relative's personal information in order to send them an invitation with information about how to access the Website and your family tree or to allow you to send a message. Your relative will be able to see any personal information provided in connection with your invitation or message, such as your name and profile photo.



We may disclose your personal information:

  * to our Affiliates so that they may use personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Ancestry.com Operations Inc. is responsible for the management of the jointly used personal information;
  * to our third party service providers to permit them to provide services such as purchase and order fulfillment, credit card processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, data analysis, email delivery services, customer services and other similar services;
  * to trusted third party partners to allow them to send you promotional offers. If you do not wish to permit us to share your personal information with such third parties, please see the “How can I opt-out?” section below for further information;
  * to third party sponsors of promotions (irrespective of whether those promotions are sponsored by us), or otherwise in accordance with the rules applicable to those promotions;
  * to an Affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings); or
  * as we believe to be appropriate: (a) under applicable law or regulations (including laws outside your country of residence); (b) to comply with any applicable legal process or a court order or in connection with any legal proceedings (including prospective legal proceedings); (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities in any applicable country; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our Affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, confidentiality, reputation or property, and/or that of our Affiliates, you or others; (g) to prevent fraud or cyber crime; (h) to obtain legal advice; and (i) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. 



You may share personal information through the Website in a number of ways described below. Please be aware that any personal information you elect to post on our Website may be made available on our Affiliate's websites and in some instances may be publicly available. You can change how you share some personal information that is in your profile by changing your settings on your [My Account](https://web.archive.org/ca/Account/Settings) page.

  * **Searchable profiles:** If a profile is searchable, personal information included in that profile may be publicly viewable and searchable by others.
    * In particular, personal information included in your profile summary (which includes your name, profile photo (if any), birth year, birthplace and residence location, and an indication of how many family members you have, plus the first names of Website members in your family and of deceased members of your family), is made available publicly, including to individuals who have not registered with Mundia. 
    * Further, any personal information in your full profile page (which is created by you and which may include more information than your profile summary, such as life events, photos and stories posted by you or others) is available publicly to registered users, and may be available to non-registered users in certain instances (for example, if your profile summary is made available in the “recent activity” area on the Website homepage, non-registered users could click-through and see the personal information on your profile).
    * Any personal information you make available on another person's profile or that another person makes available about you on his or her profile (for example, as incorporated into photos and documents) will be publicly available to the extent that profile is publicly available.
    * Any personal information regarding deceased people (including people who our algorithms define as dead) is made available publicly, including to non-registered users.
  

  * **Non-searchable profiles:** If you do choose to change your profile from searchable to not searchable, please be aware that personal information will still be publicly available as follows:
    * The personal information in your profile will be viewable by anyone invited to your tree with “View Living” rights. For more information on the rights of those you invite to your tree, please [see the FAQ](https://web.archive.org/ca/FAQ).
    * The personal information in any profile in your family tree may be publicly searchable and viewable if our algorithms categorize the individual as deceased (for example, if no birth date is included, or if the individual is older than 100, the individual may be defined as deceased).
    * Any personal information that is available on the profile of a deceased person (e.g., a photo of you and your deceased relative that is on your deceased relative's profile).



As noted above, any personal information you disclose through the Website may be available to registered users of the Website, other members of the Ancestry.com community and to the general public. You may delete personal information you have included in your profile, but if such personal information is available in another profile or family tree or otherwise through the Website, you will not be able to completely remove such personal information from the Website. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose or post personal information, or any other information, on the Website. **We are not responsible for the use, disclosure or posting of any personal information you voluntarily disclose through the website.**

When you visit our Website, we may automatically collect non-personal information about you, such as the website from which you have come to our Website, your Media Access Control address, your computer type, screen resolution, Operating System version and Internet browser. We may also collect non-personal information such as demographic data, for example your geographic area. Non-personal information also includes personal information that has been aggregated in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Website, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code. 

We may also use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies to better serve you with more tailored information and facilitate your ongoing use of our Website. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies, but certain services on the Website may not work correctly or at all if you set your browser to not accept cookies. To learn more about cookies, please click <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/>.

Because non-personal information does not personally identify you, we may use such non-personal information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such non-personal information, with our Affiliates and with other third parties, for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine non-personal information with personal information (such as combining your name with your geographical location). If we do combine any non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined.

IP addresses are the Internet Protocol addresses of the computers that you are using. Your IP address is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (“ISP”). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever users visit the Website, along with the time(s) of such visit(s) and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Website usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Website. We may also use and disclose IP addresses for all the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information. Please note that we treat IP addresses, server log files and related information as non-personal information, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.

Our Website may contain links to third party websites, applications, products or services and you may choose to share personal information that you have uploaded to the Website with third parties through linked sites, applications, products and/or services. Please be aware that these links are provided for your convenience only. To the extent that you submit any personal information to any third party (for example, via a third party application that may be included in the Website), the third party's collection, use and disclosure of that information will be governed by its privacy policy, and not by this privacy policy and, in any event, we are not responsible or liable for the information collection, usage and disclosure practices of third parties, including of our Affiliates. The inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply endorsement of the linked site, application, product or service by us or by our Affiliates. 

We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. Please note that these companies may use information (not including personal information) about your visit to this Website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as “single pixel gifs” or “web beacons”) to measure advertising effectiveness. If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, please click <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

If you do not want us to contact you on a going-forward basis with marketing information regarding our products and services or you do not want us to share your personal information that you have provided to us on a going-forward basis with third parties so that they can send you marketing information regarding their products and services, you can opt out of such use and disclosure by using the unsubscribe link listed in the email or by amending your preferences on your [My Account](https://web.archive.org/ca/Account/Settings) page.

We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out as described above, we will not be able to remove your personal information from the databases of third parties with which we have already shared your personal information (i.e., third parties to which we have already provided your personal information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related emails from such third parties, please contact such third parties directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms set forth in their privacy policies or marketing-related emails. 

If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress or otherwise limit our use of your personal information that has been previously provided directly to us (not including personal information made available on your or others' profiles or otherwise posted or disclosed on the Website), you may contact us by sending an email to [support@mundia.com](mailto:support@mundia.com). For your protection, we will only implement such requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. 

You must clearly indicate the personal information that you wish to have changed, clearly indicate that you wish to have your personal information suppressed from our database or clearly indicate the limitations you wish to put on our use of your personal information. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed. We are not responsible for removing or suppressing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your personal information, or limiting their use of your personal information. Also, please be aware that we are not responsible or liable for removing or suppressing personal information that you have posted or made public through the Website.

We place great importance on the security of our users' personal information provided to us. We have security measures in place in an effort to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of personal information will never occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent the occurrence. You post your personal information on our Website at your own risk. We work hard to design and implement controls aimed at preventing unauthorized access by other users to your personal information, but we cannot control the actions of other users, and cannot guarantee that personal information you post or disclose will not be viewed or used by unauthorized users. 

We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Website do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Website's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. 

If you are under the age of 18, you may not register or subscribe to our services, and we request that you do not provide any personal information to us or otherwise post or disclose personal information through the Website.

To make any complaints about how your personal information is being used or to report abuse, please click on the applicable “Report Abuse” link or email us at [support@mundia.com](mailto:support@mundia.com).

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of our Website, you may contact us at: Ancestry.com Operations Inc., 360 West 4800 North, Provo, UT 84604, USA, [support@mundia.com](mailto:support@mundia.com).
