> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the municode.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230193234id_/https%3A//www.municode.com/About-Us/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Municipal Code Corporation

#### Introduction

Municipal Code Corporation respects each individual's right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at Municipal Code Corporation's Web site.

While the majority of access to information provided on the Municode Web site is offered free of charge, we do charge fees for select premium products and services. Two products for which we charge a fee are MuniPRO Subscriptions, and Printed Codes and Update Subscriptions sold through our Online Store. To enable the purchase of these products Municipal Code Corporation collects billing and credit card information. The credit card information is not archived. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction. 

#### Information Collection

Municipal Code Corporation collects information through our Web site at several points. We collect the following anonymous information about primary visitors: 

  * The referring domain and/or the IP address from which you access our site; 
  * The type of browser, operating system, and screen resolution used to access our site; 
  * The date and time you access our site; 
  * The number of bytes of data transmitted during your visit; 
  * The pages you visit; 
  * Any search terms you enter during your visit; 



We collect additional information through order forms and support forms. The information collected through these forms is solely that which the user provides and is voluntarily given. 

Municipal Code Corporation makes use of cookies on its web site. A cookie is a small text file that a web browser places on a user’s computer at the request of a visited web site. They are used to enable special functions such as remembering shopping cart contents, remembering a login names, or any functions associated with server-based sessions. (See [Wikipedia ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie) for more general information on HTTP cookies). If any cookies generated by Municode.com contain any personally identifiable information, it will be encrypted and hashed per current industry standards.  
Top of page.  


#### Information Usage.

We consider any information that could reasonably be used to identify you as "personally identifying information." This may include: 

  * Your name; 
  * Your address (excluding zip code); 
  * Your E-mail address; 
  * Your social security number; 
  * Your password; 
  * Bank account information; 
  * Credit card information; 
  * License or identification number; 
  * Telephone number; 
  * Medical or disability information; 
  * Any combination of data that could be used to identify you such as birth date, zip code and gender; 
  * Any graphical or visual representation of you. 



If personal information is requested on the Web site or volunteered by the user, State law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is no longer protected once you provide it, and may be subject disclosure. Any personally identifying information you provide will be stored in a limited access server, and we maintain safeguards to protect the security of the information. 

We do not supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources, nor do we sell or share information collected from our Web site with others. We may, however, use information collected to process, validate and verify subscriptions; or to enhance existing features or develop new features; or to send you e-mails about new services or features; or to personalize the content you and others see. 

We offer links to other Web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours. 

Our Web site offers a List-Serv mailing list. Please be advised that information posted in these venues is accessible by members of the lists. 

If our policy on information collection or uses changes, this page will be updated to reflect these changes. 

Top of page.  


#### Problem Resolution

If problems arise, users may contact Municipal Code Corporation at the email addresses listed on our [contact page ](https://web.archive.org/Partial/ContactUs/General%20inquiry). We are committed to resolving disputes as soon as possible. 

Top of page.  


#### Data Storage and Security

Municipal Code Corporation protects user information with the following security measures: 

  * Secure servers verified by GoDaddy.com; 
  * 256-bit AES SSL encryption; 
  * Enterprise grade firewalls and intrusion prevention devices; 
  * Robust disaster preparedness procedures; 
  * Geo-redudant hosting in hardened, SAS 70 compliant data centers; 
  * Employee screening; 



If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please [contact us ](https://web.archive.org/Partial/ContactUs/General%20inquiry) . 

This policy was last updated on December 28th, 2011. 

Top of page.  

