> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the munky.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030609190352id_/http%3A//munky.com/PrivacyPolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Munky.com

In general, Munky does not collect, store, use or disclose personally identifying information. The instances in which Munky does collect and use information are specifically described in this Privacy Policy. Munky provides fun, easy to use services, including Munky Search (located at www.munky.com)(the "Services"). Munky values its users and their concerns about privacy. To this end, Munky engages in consistent information practices and uses its best efforts to make clear disclosures regarding those practices. This Privacy Policy is a part of that effort. 

**What does this Privacy Policy cover?**

This Privacy Policy applies to collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by Munky. If there are any exceptions, we will clearly disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information. By using the Services and our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we outline in this Privacy Policy. Munky may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post any changes here so that you are always informed of the information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Please be aware that, as part of the Services, Munky provides links to Web sites operated by third parties. Munky is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of those third party Web sites or applications. Also, please be aware that banner ads on Munky are provided by a third party, which may collect cookies as part of the process of serving those ads. These cookies are typically used for the purpose of tracking performance of the banner ads. Munky does not determine which information will be collected by that third party. Please see the paragraph below regarding Third Party Banner Ads. 

**Third Party Banner Ads**

We use other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information ( **not** including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, _[click here](http://www.advertising.com/company_policy.htm)_ for information on third-party advertisements served by Munky.

**What information does Munky collect?**

Munky may collect any or all of the following three types of information: (a) traffic or clickstream data, (b) cookies, (c) contact information and other personally identifying information. Munky's collection and use of each type of data is described below, as well as the ways (if any) in which the data may be shared with third parties.

**(a) Traffic or Clickstream Data**. Data about traffic and usage is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. Munky may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. Munky collects some information regarding use of the Services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, Munky's servers collect information about the most frequently searched terms to help provide the most relevant search results, information about usage to check for fraudulent behavior or other abnormalities and to ensure that our Services are technically superior. In addition to the foregoing applications, Munky uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design the Services. 

**(b) Cookies**. Like many sites, Munky collects information about online behavior using cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to see how our users are interacting with our site and how frequently they are returning, as well as to streamline their experiences using the Services. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Cookies let us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. To Munky, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve our Services. 

**(d) Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information**. Munky can obtain access to your name, e-mail address and other contact information only (1) when you send email directly to Munky.com, provide comments, submit a problem, or request information from Munky and provide your name or return contact information, or (2) in connection with special offers or contests which you have decided to participate in. Contact information provided in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests. This information is not stored or used in connection with traffic or clickstream data and is provided to a third party only as necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request. Finally, you may choose to provide contact information, other personally identifying information, and demographic information in order to participate in optional surveys. 

**Is data stored by Munky secure?**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Munky has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. However, data security is a constantly evolving art and science. You should consider any communication that you transmit to Munky (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that Munky will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient. 

**How do I find out more about Munky's information practices?**  
If you have any questions about anything in this Privacy Policy, or about collection of personally identifiable information, or information generally, do not hesitate to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20030609190352id_/http%3A//munky.com/ContactUs.php). 

This Privacy Policy was last revised on January 1, 2003.
