> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teamleader.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170629114034id_/https%3A//www.teamleader.eu/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice

Teamleader makes every effort to protect its clients' privacy.

Teamleader strives to present accurate and up-to-date information on the website. However, we can not guarantee that the information is correct at the time of reading. Teamleader can not be held responsible for inaccuracies or missing information on the website, nor for the consequences of these inaccuracies. If you find unclear or inaccurate information on this website, we encourage you to send an e-mail to info@teamleader.be.

## Privacy agreement

By using the website you agree with this Privacy Notice and agree with the manner in which information can be collected and used by Teamleader.

## Data collection

We must ask for certain pieces of personal information when you register in order to ensure the proper functioning of your account. This data is kept in a database. The data are managed by Teamleader and under no circumstances will they be shared with third parties. The database contains the following information: first and last name, company name, e-mail and telephone number. We may consult these data to contact you. When you contact us, we may add comments regarding this contact to your contact file. This allows us to offer quality customer service more efficiently.

## Payment processing

Your personal information can be shared with a payment processor, such as Paylane, to process credit card transactions in a safe and secure manner.

## Google Analytics & Cookies

This website uses Google Analytics, a website analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to analyse how users use the website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information to track how you use the website, compile reports for website operators and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if Google is legally required to do so, or to third parties that process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not link your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, this may limit you from using all the features of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of your personal data by Google in this manner and for the purposes set out above. Google Analytics is not used within the Teamleader application itself.

## Intellectual property rights

The content of this site, including brands, logos, drawings, data, product or company names, texts, images, etc. are protected by intellectual property rights belonging to Teamleader or third parties.

## Contacting Teamleader

### Teamleader can be contacted at the following address:

TEAMLEADER NV,  
Dok-Noord 3A/101, 9000 Ghent, Belgium  
 
