> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teambuy.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231094318id_/http%3A//www.teambuy.ca/terms.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TeamBuy

**TERMS & PRIVACY POLICY**

TeamBuy Inc (“We”, “Us” etc.) believes that your personal information deserves protection and We subscribe to the privacy principles set out in the Government of Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. This privacy policy describes our practices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. By using our websites you consent and agree to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and to the privacy practices set out in this policy. We expressly reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.

**YOUR INFORMATION**

**What will you do with my email address? Not too much. You'll receive our daily TeamBuy offering in your inbox (if you have signed up for it), and occasional alerts relating to your purchases. We will NEVER sell or distribute your personal information to third parties. What will you do with my credit card and billing information? This info is recorded via a Secure Socket Layer connection (SSL) and is fully encrypted. This and your other personal information is safe and secure and will only be used for your intended purpose. Also, because we use PayPal, we don’t even see your credit card number after you submit it. It goes directly into our secure PayPal business account.**

**PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.**

**A. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY** We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the “Privacy Policy” section of the Website. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website. It is the responsibility of each User to review the Website and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. 

**B. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USES FOR IT** We collect two types of information about our Website Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.

**Personally Identifiable Information** : Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User. When you engage in certain activities on the Website, such as creating an account, ordering a product or service from us or our partners, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums, entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement, applying for a job, posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone number and date of birth. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Item 3 of this Privacy Policy. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website. In addition, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person’s contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information** : Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described in Items 4 and 8 of this Privacy Policy. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.

**C. RELEASE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION** We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:

**We may share your information with Affiliated Restaurants** : We provide some products or services jointly with particular restaurants. These are known as “Affiliated Restaurants.” We share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Restaurants in order to help them provide you with better service and track the value of our program. Sharing this Information will allow an Affiliated Restaurant to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Restaurant if you engage in an Identification Activity, and then only to the Affiliated Restaurant involved in that Identification Activity. For example, if you purchase a promotional voucher for a particular restaurant, we may share your name, email address and city with that restaurant.

**We may share your information with Affiliated Businesses** : We provide some products or services jointly with other retail merchants who offer discounts through us. These are known as “Affiliated Businesses.” We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Business so they can contact you regarding a transaction. Sharing this Information will allow an Affiliated Business to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Business if you engage in an Identification Activity, and then only to the Affiliated Business involved in that Identification Activity. For example, if you purchase a promotional voucher for a particular retail merchant, we may share your name, email address and city with that merchant.

**We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers** : We provide some of our services and products through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate’s information to our bank to send out a payment. We encourage Affiliated Restaurants, Affiliated Businesses, and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

**We may share your information in a Business Transfer** : As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.

**We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others** : We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its Users or others.

**D. RELEASE OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION** We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with “Third Party Advertisers” or “Third Party Advertising Companies” and other parties as provided below: We use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these Third Party Advertising Companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). If you would like more information about any NAI member company, or you would like to opt-out of targeted advertising from any NAI member company, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp. We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us.

**NEWSLETTERS**

You may sign up and subscribe to receive our newsletters. We may use the information that you provide to us, such as your date of birth, sex, or other preferences, to provide customized newsletters that may be of interest to you. You have the option to unsubscribe to newsletters at anytime.

**POLLS**

We may from time to time poll our users on various matters of interest. If you vote in one of our polls, we will record your answer to report to you which polls you have voted for and also to avoid allowing multiple votes by one person. Some polls may make your vote publicly available by displaying your user name alongside your vote to other users of our websites. We indicate in advance what poll results are “private” and what poll results are “publicly available”.

**TESTIMONIALS**

We may wish, from time to time, to post your comments or submissions as sample testimonials from our users, in which case we will ask for your permission in advance.

**STATISTICS**

We may also use personal information and data collected through your emails and use of Our websites to generate statistics and aggregate reports for internal use and for sharing with Our affiliates, service providers, suppliers, merchants, partners, sponsors, licensors, advertisers or other third parties with whom we have business relationships (collectively “Third Parties”). These statistics and aggregate reports will not contain any information that could identify you personally.

**COOKIES & OTHER TRACKING DEVICE**

We also collect some anonymous (non-personal) information from visitors to our websites through the use of cookies. Cookies are used on most websites. They are text files with a unique identification number that are transferred from a web site to the hard drive of your computer. Cookies are only used to identify your computer but they do not save any personal information about you such as your name or address. Most browsers can be set up to accept or reject cookies, or simply notify you each time a cookie is set by a website you visit. We currently use cookies for measuring traffic statistics on Our websites and saving your information so you don’t have to re-enter it on future visits when posting comments or participating in forums. We may also use cookies to provide personalized services to you, such as customized web pages and advertisements.

To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User’s computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.

**Other Tracking Devices** :

We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behaviour on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.

**How do we protect your personal information?**

We collect your personal information onto servers hosted by a reputable third party website hosting company and are restricted access servers.

**SECURITY OF INFORMATION** We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

**Children** : Minors under the age of 13 may not use the Website. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 13, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.

**Public Areas** : We may provide areas on our Website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others, or can review products, restaurants, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information.

**With whom do we share your personal information?**

We may disclose personal information to Third Parties as part of making available our websites and related products and services. All Third Parties are provided only with the information needed to perform their specific function and may not use such information for other purposes. They are also bound by contract to maintain the confidentiality and security of personal information and are restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by TeamBuy. 

**EXCEPTIONS.**

We reserve the right to use and disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations and local, provincial and national governmental requests, to operate our websites properly, or to protect our rights and property and those of our users or Third Parties. 

**CONTACT INFO:**

For questions or concerns regarding your personal information and our privacy policy, or to update, correct or delete your personal information, please contact [ **info@teambuy.ca**](mailto:info@teambuy.ca).

**RETURNS**

Returns are handled on a case-by-case basis. Within the limits of reason, we'll do what it takes to make you happy. Unless there is something wrong with the purchase, we are generally unable to offer refunds after one week from the purchase date. If you would like to discuss returning a deal contact us at [**info@teambuy.ca**](mailto:info@teambuy.ca)
