> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teamviewer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160525221616id_/http%3A//www.teamviewer.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TeamViewer Privacy Policy

We at TeamViewer GmbH take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly abide by the regulations of the German data protection act. Personal data will only be collected to an extent that is technically required. In no case this data will be sold or passed on to third parties for any other reasons. 

The following declaration gives you an overview on how this protection is guaranteed and which kind of data is collected for which purposes.

## Collection, processing and passing on of personal data

In principle you can visit our website without leaving any personal data. Personal data is only collected if you give it voluntarily, e.g.:

  * When you open a support ticket on our website.
  * When you place an order in our web shop.
  * When you create a TeamViewer account for using the computers & contacts list and the Web Connector, respectively.
  * When registering for our newsletter.



## Consent and use of data only for the purpose stated

When entering personal or business-related data (e-mail addresses, names, addresses), the disclosure of the data takes place on a completely voluntary basis. By entering the data you give your consent to the collection, processing and use of the same for purposes of establishing contact, processing of orders, for advertising and for the protection of our own legitimate business interests with regard to advising and supporting our customers and prospects. A collection, processing and use for any other purposes does not take place. This consent can be revoked with effect for the future at any time. 

A passing on of your data will not take place unless you explicitly wish so. 

## Anonymous collection of data on our website

Your browser transmits information which is automatically collected and saved in the server log files of the TeamViewer GmbH. This is e.g.

  * type/version of the browser
  * used operating system
  * referrer URL (the previously visited website)
  * host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
  * time of the server request



This data cannot be associated by the TeamViewer GmbH with specific persons. A merging of this data with other data sources is not carried out, the data will be deleted after a statistical analysis.

## Consent to the use of information in the software

TeamViewer and you agree to comply with all applicable information privacy laws. TeamViewer takes the protection of your personal information very seriously and strictly follows the German Data Privacy Act. TeamViewer collects, processes and uses your information in order to carry out its contractual relationship with you, including but not limited to establishing connections via the internet. Your information will not be used for any other purpose, including advertising, without your prior consent. Non-personal information may be collected automatically in order to offer you first-class service, including providing you with and improving software updates, support, content, TPM and other services.

## Use of web analytics tools

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” text files that are stored on your computer, to analyze your use of the website. In light of the debate over the use of analytical tools with full IP addresses, please note that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()"; therefore, IP addresses are used only in abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to specific users. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyze your use of the site, create reports on website activity, create reports on impressions in the Google Display Network and provide additional services to the site operator related to website and internet use.

This site uses remarketing with Google Analytics for online advertising, which displays ads on websites by third parties and Google. Cookies are used by this website as well as by third-party providers, including Google, for this purpose. First-party cookies are combined with third-party cookies to tailor and optimize website ads based on previous visits.

You can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting your browser settings; please note, however, that doing so may prevent you from fully using all of the functions of this website. You may also prevent the information generated by the cookie regarding your use of the website from being sent to or processed by Google by opting out. To do so, you must download and install the browser plug-in available from the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> .

You can disable Google Analytics for Display ads and control the kinds of ads shown in the Google Display Network by adjusting your ad settings: <http://www.google.com/settings/ads> .

## Cookies

Our websites use so-called cookies in several places. They help make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files which are put on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies used by us are so-called "session cookies" which will be deleted after your visit. Cookies do not cause any damage on your computer and do not contain any viruses.

## Right to information

You are entitled to request information as to which data is stored concerning your person, its origin, its recipients as well as the purpose of the storage. Our data protection official will provide you with information at [privacy@teamviewer.com](mailto:privacy@teamviewer.com).

In addition you have a right to have your personal data corrected, blocked and deleted in accordance with the legal regulations.

## Security

The TeamViewer GmbH has sophisticated technical and organizational measures in place to protect the data provided to us against accidental or premeditated manipulation, loss, destruction and access by unauthorized persons. Our security measures are continuously improved in accordance with the technological development.

## Newsletter Subscription

You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time. You will find a link at the bottom of each newsletter, which will lead you to our website. With this link, you will be able to cancel your newsletter subscription. Your e-mail address will then automatically be removed from the newsletter list. Alternatively, there is the possibility to edit the newsletter subscription in order to change the e-mail address and newsletter language, or to select from a variety of newsletter categories.

## Additional information

Your trust is important to us. Therefore, we will answer all of your inquiries regarding the processing of your personal data. If you have any questions which are not answered in this data protection declaration or if you wish to have more in-depth information on a certain issue, please feel free to contact our data protection official via [privacy@teamviewer.com](mailto:privacy@teamviewer.com) at any time.

## Address

TeamViewer US LLC  
3001 North Rocky Point Drive East  
Suite 200  
Tampa, FL 33607 

Phone: 1 800 951 4573   
Fax: 1 855 891 0177   
E-Mail: service@teamviewer.com 
