> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teamofgreekz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091203110927id_/http%3A//www.teamofgreekz.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TeamOfGreekz.com - Mono Ellhnika

|  | 

| **Registration**  
---  
Some basic personal information is required in order to register with TeamOfGreekz.com: 

  * **Email Address** \- By providing your email address, you can receive important messages via your existing email account. Message board notifications, personalized newsletters, and messages sent to you by other TeamOfGreekz.com members rely on the email address you provide when you register. 
  * **User Name** \- This is how you are identified when you participate in forums. While many other aspects of your account can be updated regularly, your user name cannot be changed. 

  
**Information TeamOfGreekz.com Requests**  
When you register, you are asked to give demographic information (like birth year, occupation, and gender). We ask you to tell us a little about yourself so we can better understand the types of people who register. This information can also be used to provide you with content that may be of interest to you, and to show you advertisements that are relevant to your demographic information. TeamOfGreekz.com uses outside ad companies to display ads on its sites. These ads may contain cookies. While TeamOfGreekz.com uses cookies in other parts of its sites, the ad companies also use cookies with the ads displayed, and TeamOfGreekz.com may not have access to this information.   
**Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act**  
No children under 13 are allowed to participate in TeamOfGreekz.com.   
**Participation**  
The above describes information that is provided "actively" - meaning, you choose to submit this information to us when you join TeamOfGreekz.com, or update your account at any point after having joined. Some other information is provided "passively" - meaning, that TeamOfGreekz.com obtains this information when you login to your TeamOfGreekz.com account and use the service. This is done primarily through the use of "cookies." Cookies are used on TeamOfGreekz.com to verify your login information, and to optionally store your password in your browser so that you do not need to type it in each time you visit. Any time that you point your browser to a 'members-only' area, TeamOfGreekz.com checks your browser's cookie file to see if you have already logged in, and if you have, you're taken right to the page that you have requested. If not, you'll be directed to the TeamOfGreekz.com login screen, where you can quickly and easily login to your account, or signup for TeamOfGreekz.com if you are not yet a member. Cookies are also used in conjunction with some ad banners to determine their effectiveness.   
**Cookies**  
TeamOfGreekz.com uses cookies to customize your experience while using the Forums. A cookie is a small text file that many Web sites write through your browser when you visit them. A cookie can only be read by the site that places it, so TeamOfGreekz.com can't "see where you've been" based on any other cookies in your browser. Cookies are generally supported in version 3.0 and newer of Internet Explorer, 2.02 and newer of Netscape, and 3.0 and newer of AOL. Netscape Navigator uses a single file called "cookies.txt" to record all cookies, and you can open this file in any text editor to see what it looks like. On a Macintosh computer, the Netscape cookie file is called "MagicCookie". Internet Explorer uses a separate file for each cookie, which typically reside in "C:\Windows\Profiles\User\Cookies." Most browsers also allow the option of displaying a warning before accepting a cookie, or refusing all cookies. Declining cookies while participating in forums may result in some of features not working properly.  
**Advertising**  
TeamOfGreekz.com uses third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you on our behalf when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you (if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit [ http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp)). Personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address or telephone number are not shared with advertisers without your permission. We may use personally identifiable information in order to fill in forms on third-party sites we use to present advertising offers. But this information will not be shared and will not be stored by any third parties if you decline these offers.  
**TeamOfGreekz.com   & Non-TeamOfGreekz.com **  
TeamOfGreekz.com, along with many other companies, relies on Unitedcolo GmbH to host our online communities and related data. Participation in a given company's forums includes the sharing of some of your personal information with both Prospero and the company that operates the forum. You will be warned before your information is shared with the company that operates the forum, and will have the opportunity to decline if desired. Any company with which your information is shared will have it's own privacy policy. 

As a registered user, you may receive informational email messages from TeamOfGreekz.com from time to time. All registered members are required to receive such communications. If you wish to stop these emails, you may terminate your membership at any time.   
  
**Public Forums**  
TeamOfGreekz.com hosts message boards, chat and other services for both public and private forums. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in public forums becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.   
**Security**  
TeamOfGreekz.com' site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. TeamOfGreekz.com' servers have strict security in place to prevent an intruder from retrieving personal information about its users.   
**Termination**  
You can elect to terminate your membership with TeamOfGreekz.com at any time. Simply go to your Profilepage, scroll down to the "Account" menu on the left-hand side of the page, and select the "Preferences" link. On the "Preferences" page and scroll down to the "Account Status" section. Check the box next to "Want to cancel your account?" and scroll down to the bottom of the page to the "Submit" button. Click on the "Submit" button to cancel your account. Upon termination, your account information will _not_ necessarily be removed entirely from TeamOfGreekz.com - this is to reserve your identity so that no one else can create a new account with your membername or email address, and also allows you the privilege of reactivating your account at a later date if you wish to use TeamOfGreekz.com again. The termination of your TeamOfGreekz.com membership will not automatically terminate any affiliated memberships or registrations you have formed through TeamOfGreekz.com. If, after having joined a TeamOfGreekz.com partner's service, you wish to be removed, you should contact that service directly to have your membership terminated.   
**Summary**  
In this electronic era, when personal information can easily be obtained through various sources, TeamOfGreekz.com appreciates the sensitivity of any private information that you disclose to us. It is our intention to treat your account information with the highest level of care. 
