> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wgt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105013318id_/http%3A//m.wgt.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - WGT Golf Mobile

Thank you for visiting World Golf Tour, Inc. dba WGT Sports' ("WGT") Internet web site ("Site") located at the URL <http://www.wgt.com/> (or <http://www.worldgolftour.com/> or <http://www.wgtsports.com/>). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout WGT governing WGT's use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site and our services provided via this Site and through your use of WGT's services. If you access WGT services from a third party social networking site such as Facebook ("Social Site"), you may be required to also read and accept the Social Site's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

### Privacy Policy Updates

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, WGT may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, WGT will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at <http://www.wgt.com/> so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. WGT encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site (whether through a Social Site or directly), we may invite you to register to use our services and enter a contest, contact us with questions or comments and request information. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information including your contact information such as your email address, username, password, player name, zip code, country, age and gender. We may use your personally identifiable information to contact you to provide you with the services for which you have registered, enter you in contests for which you have registered, for internal marketing purposes and to improve our products and services. If you use WGT's "tell a friend" or "send replay" features, we may ask you to submit your friend's email address and we will only use such email address to send the requested information or replay. If you are a registered user on our Site or services, we may send you transactional messages about your use of the Site and our services and you will not be able to opt-out of receiving these transactional messages. We also may use your personally identifiable information to send you notices about products and services of ours that we think may interest you. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these marketing email communications from us about other products and services that we think may be of interest to you by clicking on the opt-out link in the email to "unsubscribe".

When you register with WGT (whether through a Social Site or directly), you create a public profile. The information you place into your public profile, such as your nickname and avatar, profile photo, gender, interests and hobbies, occupation, biographic details that you provide, links to your profiles on various Social Sites, details about the games you play and/or a WGT user ID number, created by WGT and used to identify your profile, are displayed publicly on the Site to enable you to connect with people on WGT. Other WGT users may view the public information associated with your related Social Site account. Your public profile information is used by World Golf Tour (WGT) to help make the functionality of the Site available to you. Your profile information will be available in search results across the Site. This is primarily so your friends can find you and send a friend request through the Site. In some cases (e.g., posting to your wall), other WGT users may be able to supplement your profile. WGT does not disclose your birth date or email address.

When you use WGT (whether through a Social Site or directly), you may also disclose your personally identifiable information when you form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, form teams, set up events, and otherwise transmit information through various channels. This information is generally retained by us so that you can connote to have the use of the information when you use the functionality of the Site, for instance, you can return to view prior messages you have sent or easily see your friend list.

If you play WGT games on your mobile device, such as smartphones, tablets and iPads, we collect your mobile device identifier, device type and IP address. We may collect other information associated with your device such as telephone number, country and other information that you have chosen to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or email address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in using the WGT services and playing a WGT game.

With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device, including game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications form the "options" or "settings" pages within the relevant game and/or from your mobile device's "settings" page.

We may use information collected form you in the course of registering for or playing a WGT Game to create your game accounts and allow game play, to enable user communications as described above and to communicate with you about your use of a WGT Game, to provide support, to deliver targeted advertising, to provide in-game leader boards and promote in-game play achievement, to improve our services and to detect and prevent fraud and violations of the WGT Terms and Conditions.

You post User Content (as defined in the WGT Terms & Conditions) on the Site at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users, and we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your Content.

### Social Site Information Collection and Use

When you use any WGT service at a Social Site, where WGT games are also referred to as "applications", you allow WGT to access certain information from your profile for that Social Site. The information you allow WGT to access varies by game and Social Site platform, and it is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the Social Site. You can control and find out more about these settings at the Social Site where you play our games. For example, WGT may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, the Social Site and your preferences: your first and last name; your profile picture or its URL; your user ID number, which is linked to publically available information such as name and profile photo; the user ID numbers for your friends that are also connected to our game(s); the login e-mail you provided to that Social Site when you registered; your physical location and that of your access devices; your gender; and your birthday.

By playing a WGT game through a Social Site, you are authorizing WGT to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the Social Site could provide to WGT through the Social Site Application Programming Interface ("API"). Your agreement takes place when you "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) one of our applications on a Social Site.

To manage the information WGT receives about you from the Social Site where you play our games, you will need to follow the instructions at that Social Site for updating your information and changing your privacy settings.

Once WGT receives your information from a Social Site, that information is stored and used by WGT in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you may access and update that information as described below.

### Children's Privacy

WGT recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. WGT does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. WGT does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

### Aggregate Information

The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, pages visited per use, browser type, IP addresses, exit page, duration of use, operating system type, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for use and disclosure in aggregate form.

### Cookies

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

### Disclosure and Opt-In

If you enter and/or have won a contest offered by us through the Site, we will collect your first and last name, mailing address, shipping address, tax identification number, date of birth, identity verification and, where applicable, your credit card or payment information, if we collect a fee from you. We will use such information to complete prize fulfillment and to comply with any applicable tax regulations and/or any obligations we have in connection with contests or services that we provide jointly with third parties.

If you are a contest winner, we may provide your name to other users of our Site if they request a list of winners of a contest. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information to our third party service providers that assist us in providing services to you (such as our third party co-location provider, contest administrator, or payment processor). These service providers will be obligated to use your personally identifiable information only to provide the services to us.

If you play or participate in our Major League Baseball game, we will share your personally identifiable information with MLB Advanced Media, L.P. MLB Advanced Media, L.P. will use your personally identifiable information in accordance with its then-current Privacy Policy available at mlb.com/privacy.

We may offer contests or provide services jointly with third parties on the Site. You can tell when another company is involved in any contest or service provided on the Site, and, unless otherwise specified herein, only if you have expressly agreed to allow us to provide your personally identifiable information to our contest sponsors by clicking on the "Opt-In" button and opting-in, we may share your personally identifiable information for their marketing use. If you do not want your information shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of information to such third party contest sponsors by not opting-in and not providing any information. Their use of your personally identifiable information will be subject to their privacy policies and terms of use and they may contact you with marketing messages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you register to participate in a challenge or tournament on the Site that is a benefit for a charity and you pay an entry fee and/or make a donation to that charity, you acknowledge and agree that we will provide all personally identifiable information you submit during registration to the charity so that they may communicate with you regarding the tax deductibility of any donation you make and generally about the activities of the charity. We will also share, or give permission to any such charity to share, your personally identifiable information with other sponsors of the challenge or tournament for purposes of prize fulfillment. Those communications will be subject to the privacy policy of the relevant charity. Please be aware that we cannot control the activities of third parties to whom we provide your personally identifiable information and as such, WGT cannot guarantee that such third parties adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as WGT.

WGT may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria-for example, people aged 30-50 from a particular geographic area. WGT does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted advertisement. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement.

When legally required or at WGT's discretion, WGT will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any investigation of suspicious or alleged illegal activity on this Site or on the Internet. Additionally, your information, and the contents of your private online communications, may be accessed and disclosed (i) in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); (ii) when we have a good faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process; (iii) in other circumstances in which WGT believes the WGT games or web sites are being used in the commission of a crime (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction); (iv) when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; and (v) when necessary either to protect the rights or property of WGT including to enforce our Terms of Service, or for us to render the service you have requested.

We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which WGT participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of WGT's assets to which this Site relates.

### Advertising

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

### Offer Walls

WGT games or their purchase pages may display an "offer wall" that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by WGT. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by WGT or partnering SNS. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your user ID number, will be shared with the offer wall provider. This identifier is used to ensure proper crediting of your account, prevent fraud or duplicate offers and to resolve any customer service inquiries that may arise. Once you complete an offer, you will then return to a WGT website or game.

### Security

We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. WGT may use password protection, encryption and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

### Questions

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at: members@worldgolftour.com.

Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with the Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated: July 14, 2015

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: August 17, 2008

« back · [terms](https://web.archive.org/terms) · [guidelines](https://web.archive.org/guidelines)

To use this page, JavaScript must be enabled in your browser.
