> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gomommacoupons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130524084618id_/http%3A//www.gomommacoupons.com/disclousure-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure & Privacy Policy - Go Momma Coupons

### Disclosure Policy

This policy is valid from 24 March 2011. This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact Tiffany at gomommacoupons dot com. The blog Go Momma Coupons is based in Michigan and ran over the world wide web. If any legal matter is to arise all legal matter is to be conducted in Michigan. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements. The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question. This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

### Privacy Policy

Go Momma Coupons respects your privacy. You personal information, email address and name will never be sold or distributed. When visiting Go Momma Coupons know that IP address used to access our site will be stored. The dates and times of your visit will be stored in order to gather data, research trends and for administrative behind the scenes purposes. Know that collecting information about your IP address does not lead to personally identifying information.

Third Party ad servers or ad networks may use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness. Go Momma Coupons has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt out of certain practices. Go Momma Coupons privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

_If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:<http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>_

[ ](http://www.printfriendly.com/print?url=http://www.gomommacoupons.com/disclousure-policy/)
