> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wawus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190715171724id_/http%3A//www.wawus.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Thanks for accessing our website of wawus.com. On this website, you privacy is respected and your personal information will be protecked. To learn more, please read our Privacy Policy.   
 This privacy Policy applies only to wawus.com. It is explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. And this notice also explains the steps we have taken to secure our personal information.

Information Collection and Use

1.Information Collection   
 We collect your information from many different ways on this website. One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. The following lists are offer you the example that we can use your personal information to.

·         Help you access our website easier to use and log in without retyping the information for your wawus.com account.

·         Help you find the information, products ad services quickly.

·         Help us create content on this site that is most relevant to you.

·         Alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.

·         Registration and Ordering. Before using certain parts of this Site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide us with certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization's country of operation, so that we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our site, and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your order, we may use the personal information you provide us with to contact you.

·         Email Addresses. Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to register for free promotional notices; to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, or new product style; to sign up for our email newsletter. Your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, and you may choose whether to participate and disclose information to us. We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. We may post the names and cities of contest winners on our Site.

·         Cookies and Other Technology. Like many sites, this Site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or "action tags") to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.

(a) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of this Site. We have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase.   
 (b) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on this Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on this Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon.   
 (c) We may use third-party advertising companies to help us tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.   
 (d) Log Files. As is true of most websites, the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access this Site. We may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)   
 (e) Age. We respect children's privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on this Site, you have represented and warranted Â that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you.   
 (f) Product Reviews. You may choose to submit a product review. If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location. If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information.

2\. Information Use and Disclosure.   
 (a) Internal Use. We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve our Site's content and layout, to improve our outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to this Site.   
 (b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our site, and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style, or product; to sign up for our email newsletter and special offers. If you submit your email address, we will use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see opt out section below for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.   
 (c) External Use. We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection we primarily sell merchandise, not information. We do not sell, rent, trade, license, or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone, except that:   
 (i) As do most catalog and Internet wholesalers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information.
