> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gardenandgun.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180908101133id_/https%3A//gardenandgun.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Garden & Gun

WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT

Welcome to the Website for _Garden & Gun_, www.gardenandgun.com. This site is owned by Garden & Gun Magazine, LLC. We at _Garden & Gun_ recognize that many visitors to our website are concerned about the information that they provide to us or that may be collected, and how we treat that information. In order to address those concerns we have developed this website Privacy Statement.

A. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED  
At this website, we may collect both personally identifiable information and non-personal information from you.  
1\. Personally identifiable information. You don’t have to provide us with your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address) in order to read most of what’s posted on this site. We do collect personally identifiable information about you when you set up an account for your subscription with us or place an order from the site. Such information may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers, expiration dates, CVV codes, as well as billing and shipping addresses. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you when you sign up to receive newsletters or emails regarding your account, enter a contest, respond to a survey, email us, or when we alert you that you must submit personally identifiable information. Without this information, we would not be able to fulfill your orders, or respond to your inquiries, entries, and requests. Please also note that several features of the site, such as advertisements, may be operated by third parties. These third parties may also obtain personally identifiable information from you in order to use their services. Please check their privacy policies for information about their privacy practices. In some cases these third parties may provide your personally identifiable information to _Garden & Gun_.  
2\. Non-personal information. Non-personal information, such as which pages on the site are accessed, what information is downloaded, what type of browser and operating system are being used, which Internet service provider is being used, and other information of this general type may be collected about visitors to the site. We collect and store this data on an aggregate and/or anonymous basis. We do not use this information to personally identify the site visitor. By collecting this information we learn how best to develop our website to meet the needs and desires of our visitors.

B. METHODS OF INFORMATION COLLECTION  
1\. Personally identifiable information is collected when submitted by you—such as when you sign up for an account with us, place an order for a product, or when you send us an email. Your personally identifiable information may be collected by third party service providers and then provided to _Garden & Gun_ by the third party. Non-personal information may be collected via cookies, pixel tags, or other tracking technology.  
2\. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on your computer when you visit our website, and that your browser provides to the website each time you return. We use cookies to identify and track visitors, their usage of our website, and their website access preferences. Most browsers are set to automatically allow cookies. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you should set your browser to refuse cookies before using our website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. A pixel tag (also called a web beacon or clear GIF) is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier, embedded invisibly on a webpage (or an online ad or email), and is used to count or track things like activity on a webpage or ad impressions or clicks, as well as to access cookies stored on users’ computers. We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our various pages, features and services.

C. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION  
1\. Personally identifiable information. If you sign up for a subscription account with us or place an order from the site, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and to correspond with you. We may also use it to send you information that we think would be of interest to you, such as _Garden & Gun_ events, new _Garden & Gun_ books, or similar matters. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to advertisers or others. If you enter one of our contests, then we may use your personally identifiable information for purposes of the contest (such as to notify you if you win) or otherwise in accordance with the contest official rules. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to the sponsor(s) of the contest or publish information concerning the winner of the contest, as permitted by the contest rules. If you email us or ask to be placed on a mailing list that we maintain, then we may contact you and send information to you. If you register to purchase merchandise from us, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and/or process your order. If we receive your personally identifiable information from a third party service provider, then we may use the information to contact you and to assist in performing the service for which you have registered with the third party. In addition to the uses listed above, we may use your personally identifiable information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, and/or to improve the features and content of this website. We may also use your personally identifiable information to assist in delivery of content that is customized to your interests. We may also use your personally identifiable information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.  
2\. Non-personal information. We may use your non-personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, to improve the features and content of this website, and/or for other purposes to assist our business. We may share such information with advertisers and other third parties, typically in the aggregate. We may also use your non-personal information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.  
3\. Links from the site to advertisers and other third parties. Please be aware that _Garden & Gun_ advertisers, business partners, sponsors, service providers, and other third parties accessible through the site (such as via links from this site and/or framed on this site) may have their own privacy practices. _Garden & Gun_ is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the third parties when providing information to them. These third parties may provide the personally identifiable information that they collect to _Garden & Gun_ and may also use the information in accordance with their own privacy practices. Financial institutions, such as those which process credit card orders, are subject to federal privacy laws.  
4\. Other third parties. During the course of its business, _Garden & Gun_ uses third party service providers, such as lawyers and accountants, to perform a variety of functions. In some instances, _Garden & Gun_ may need to provide personal and/or non-personal information about you to such third parties. However, all third party service providers that are not linked from the site are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than that for which they were selected to work with _Garden & Gun_.  
5\. Other uses. In addition to the uses set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, _Garden & Gun_ may use or disclose personal or non-personal information: (i) in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime, an injury, or financial loss to ourselves or to third parties; (ii) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this site; (iii) pursuant to a court order, warrant, subpoena, discovery request, or as required by law; (iv) in conjunction with the sale or offering for sale of some or all of _Garden & Gun_; (v) in the event of our bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or similar financial circumstances; and/or (vi) when you have been made aware of the possibility of use or disclosure of the information at or prior to the time of collection.

D. OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY  
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures that we believe are appropriate to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of our databases or site, nor can we guarantee that information will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In order to use some of the features of this site, you may be required to create an account with us. For your protection, this account will only be accessible by means of a password or similar security measure. If you believe that your password or email address has been compromised, you should change your account with us immediately. If you forget your password, follow the instructions on the login page.

E. CHILDREN UNDER 13  
The _Garden & Gun_ website is not intended for use by children, especially those under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through this site. If you are a child under the age of 13 who intends to submit information to _Garden & Gun_ through this site, you must obtain your parent’s consent prior to making such a submission. Even if you are 13 or over, we recommend that all children under the age of 18 obtain parental consent prior to the submission or purchase of anything through this site.

F. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND “OPT OUT” PROCEDURES  
1\. You can update and review your account information by logging into your account with your username and password. If you do not have a user name and password, or if there are pieces of information that you cannot alter yourself, please email us at editorial@gardenandgun.com or send mail to 701 East Bay Street, Suite 115, Charleston, S.C., 29403 for assistance.  
2\. You have various options to “opt out” of receiving information from us and our marketing partners. For example, when you sign up for a subscription to _Garden & Gun_ magazine, you have the option not to receive special offers and promotions by email from us or selected marketing partners. You also can opt-out from our newsletters by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message, by emailing us at editorial@gardenandgun.com, or by sending mail to 701 East Bay Street, Suite 115, Charleston, S.C., 29403. If you no longer want to receive third-party email offers that you requested through our site, simply follow the advertiser’s unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive.

G. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS  
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. At our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can read these instructions above in the section titled “Access to your Personal Information and “Opt Out Procedures.” Or, if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate response, please email your request to editorial@gardenandgun.com.

H. NON-U.S. VISITORS  
The _Garden & Gun_ website is operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States. However, if you are located in the European Union, you may have certain rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These include your right to access personal information that has been processed, right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”), right to rectification of any information that is incorrect, right to restrict processing your personal information, right to data portability, and right to object (opt-out) to processing (unless we otherwise have compelling legitimate grounds). EU residents can exercise these rights by raising a request directly to editorial@gardenandgun.com.

I. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT  
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time, so we encourage you to check back with every visit to the site. If you do not agree to one or more of the changes, you may choose to “opt out,” using the procedures set forth above. Once the change has been made, all information collected by the site before or after the change will be subject to the new terms of the Privacy Statement. The current version of this Privacy Statement is effective September 6, 2018.

CONTACT US  
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us as follows:  
Email: editorial@gardenandgun.com  
Mail: Garden & Gun  
701 East Bay Street, Suite 115  
Charleston, SC 29403
