> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gardensalive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606032746id_/http%3A//www.gardensalive.com/article.asp%3Fai%3D723) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# <font color=red size=3><b>Gardens Alive Privacy Policy!</b></font> - Gardens Alive!

## Our Privacy Policy

This is the Website of Gardens Alive! 

Our postal address is:  
5100 Schenley Place  
Lawrenceburg, IN 47025

Email Address: [service@gardensalive.com](mailto:service@gardensalive.com)

**Our Commitment to Privacy**  
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers and partners. The policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site, products and services.

This Website is marketed by "Gardens Alive! Brands". Gardens Alive! Brands is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (the phrases "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.). This privacy policy is intended to inform you of what personally identifiable information or personal information we may collect from you when you visit our Websites. Read on to learn how we use your personal information and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, the information. This policy applies only to users accessing our Websites from within the United States. 

**Collecting Information About You** In general, you can visit Gardens Alive! Brands Websites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Our web servers track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. 

There may be times (such as when you place an order, sign up to receive catalogs or email newsletters, or participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping and billing addresses, telephone number, email address, credit card information, etc. We also maintain a record of your online purchases from our Website. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to make purchases, participate in special offers, or access certain content on our Website.

**Using Information About You**  
Gardens Alive! Brands will use the personally identifiable information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you about our products, services and special offers, and providing you with information from and about Gardens Alive! Brands. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Marketing Partners. In the course of such business relationships we might share and cross-reference information, including personally identifiable information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, over the phone or through the mail. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from our Marketing Partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and special offers that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes. We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services, including your personally identifiable information when necessary. Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Gardens Alive! Brands or to others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when the law requires it.

**Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You**  
At Gardens Alive! Brands, we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or from our Marketing Partners please let us know by calling us, by sending us an email, or by contacting us by mail at the address above. Please be sure to include your email address, full name, mailing address and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, street address or other personal information with us please contact us in the same manner described above along with the current information on our records and the information that you would like our records updated to. Please note that these requests may take up to 6-8 weeks to become effective, particularly when the changes affect postal mailings. In addition, when you purchase from us online or through our catalogs, or when you choose to enter a sweepstakes or other promotion, we may need to contact you via phone, email or physical mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive communications from us. Also note, if you delete certain information you may not be able to continue to purchase products or access other portions of our Website without entering additional information. You may request a description of the types of customer information we may share with others and a list of the entities with which we may have shared customer information in the preceding calendar year, by mailing us at the above address or by sending an email to us.

**Cookies**  
Gardens Alive! Brands Websites use "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants in tracking visits, process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, by not accepting cookies, this may impede your ability to shop on our site. We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our Service Providers.

**Mobile Marketing**  
We send mobile offers and promotions to mobile devices of customers who have requested to receive them via an opt-in request. Message and data rates may apply. To stop receiving these messages at any time, contact Gardens Alive customer service at (513)354-1483 or follow the STOP and HELP instructions within our text messages. We will send up to 7 messages per week.

**Security**  
We use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, much like offline transactions, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we take every precaution to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Websites, and you do so at your own risk. Rest assured, once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems. We urge you to keep the password you use with Gardens Alive! Brands in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to close your browser window when you have finished your visit to our Websites. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or hotel.

**Links to Third Party Sites**  
Our Websites may contain links to Websites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from the Gardens Alive! Brands privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on those sites.

**Protecting Children**  
Gardens Alive! Brands take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our websites are general audience sites. It is our policy, in compliance with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), not to collect information online about or from children age 13 and under. We also do not send email or regular US Mail correspondence to anyone under the age of 13 without their parent's consent. Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online and should then do so only under supervision of their parents or guardians. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the web.

**Policy Changes**  
From time to time, it may become necessary for us to change our privacy policy in whole or in part. If we do so, the new policy will be posted on our Website. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our Website and will replace any prior policies that may be inconsistent. This policy was posted in December 2005.

**Your Feedback**  
If you would like to give us your feedback regarding our privacy policy and practice, please do so by emailing us or writing to us at Gardens Alive Brands, c/o Gardens Alive Marketing Dept., 5100 Schenley Place, Lawrenceburg, IN 47025. 
