> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the garmentmall.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100623010347id_/http%3A//garmentmall.com/catalog/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GarmentMall.com : Privacy Notice

|  |  | Privacy Notice |   
---|---  
  
We have simple & straight privacy policy.We will not sell, rent, nor give away any domestic,international customers e-mail address to other businesses. The reason we request your e-mail address is so we will be able to send you information regarding your order, order confirmation, order processing, and tracking number. We may e-mail you coupons or discount offers in the future. Additionally, we may share information we collect at our Web site with logistics & couriers in case they need same to expedite delivery. We may also use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please contact us and we will remove you from our mailing list. If you have placed an order with our company, we may use your mailing address information with our companies other websites, so that you may receive mailings and other offers for products or services we think you might find interesting. However, if you would like to have your name put on our do-not-share list, please contact us and we will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other carefully selected organizations. If you do not wish to receive any promotional offers from us, simply go to our unsubscribe page and enter in your email address to unsubscribe. Please do NOT respond to the original email. We thank you for your business and trust
