> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the garysguide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050412221517id_/http%3A//www.garysguide.com/index.php%3Fmode%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

|   
---  
|  [_home_](https://web.archive.org/web/20050412221517id_/http%3A//www.garysguide.com/index.php?mode=login&act=home)  >  privacy policy  
---  
   
|  |  Your privacy is very important to us. We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information to third parties for their marketing or any other purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. If you have any additional questions or comments you may send us an email us at [privacy@garysguide.com](mailto:privacy@garysguide.com) 1\. Overview  
This privacy policy applies to all our services available under the domain and subdomains of [Garysguide.com](http://www.garysguide.com/) (the “Site”). By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site. 2\. About Us  
[Garysguide.com](http://www.garysguide.com/) is an online social-networking club, guide and city portal for the local community. It aims to connect people within the local communites of New York City, Long Island, Westchester, New Jersey and Connecticut. Through our site, our members build their personal networks that allows them to meet other members, find jobs, roommates, buy and sell items, post personal ads, create events, create clubs, network for business and interact with their local community, among other things. Members can create their own personal profiles, and those profiles are then shown to their Network of friends. A user's personal Network includes the extended group of people that a user is connected to through their friends (up to four degrees of separation). 3\. Information We Collect  
Garysguide collects information our users submit to us such as their name and e-mail address to allow us to identify users and notify them of changes or updates to our service. We also collect personal information submitted by our users in filling out their profile on the service such as gender, state of residence, occupation, interests, etc. We collect this personal information when our users: (a) sign up as a member; (b) make changes to their member profile information; and (c) send e-mail messages, forms, or other information to us via Garysguide.com. Members may choose to provide additional information beyond their basic profile for their personal and professional profiles. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables our users to better identify each other and more effectively connect and interact with their network. Garysguide.com also collects information from users that is unique, but cannot be linked to a specific individual, such as browser type. We gather this information on all visitors to Garysguide.com for systems administration purposes and to track user trends, such as our most popular features. 4\. Our Use Of Your Information  
Garysguide uses personal information to create a secure and personalized service for our members. The Basic, Personal and Professional Profile information is displayed to all members and visitors of Garysguide.com. All other profile information members provide (eg. email address, date of birth) is not displayed to anyone. The member's full name is displayed only when a user invites a friend via email to join the service, when a user requests to add another user to their friend list, and when we send notifications to a user related to their use of the service. Except when members invite friends, full names are not shared or displayed with people outside of their own Personal Network. Users within a Personal Network communicate on Garysguide.com with each other through the Garysguide.com service without disclosing their email addresses. 5\. Our Disclosure Of Your Information  
We will not sell, lease or exchange your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your express consent, unless required by law or to protect your membership. 6\. Your Use Of Other Users' Information  
We will not sell, lease or exchange your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your express consent, unless required by law or to protect your membership. 7\. Using Cookies  
Like many other Web sites, Garysguide.com uses a standard technology called "cookies." Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive -- not on our site. They can help make the Internet experience quicker and more convenient. Cookies allow our users to login without entering their ID and password each time they use Garysguide.com. Cookies help us understand how members use Garysguide.com, which allows us to improve upon the service. Members who disable cookies will not be able to use Garysguide.com. 8\. Inviting your friends  
If you use our Invite feature to invite a friend to our service, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We'll automatically send the friend an email inviting them to join your Personal Network. Garysguide.com does not sell these email addresses or use them to transmit any communication other than the invitation and reminders to join your personal Network. Garysguide.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this invitation and reminders, and for tracking the success of our Invite functionality.9\. External Websites  
The Garysguide.com site may contain links to other Web sites. Please be aware that Garysguide.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites our users choose to visit. If our users provide any information directly to parties other than Garysguide (even if those sites are showing the [Garysguide.com](http://www.garysguide.com/) brand), different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of the personal information disclosed. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your personal information to third parties. 10\. 3rd Party Advertisers  
Garysguide.com may choose to deploy advertising on the service that is delivered to users through a third party's advertising server. Information about users' visits to Garysguide.com, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but no personally identifiable information), would be used to serve ads to users on this site. 11\. Clubs, Blogs And Public Forums  
Please be aware that whenever members voluntarily disclose personal information online - e.g., message boards, chat areas, file uploads, events, and listings - that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others. By posting personal information online in public forums, members may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. 12\. Privacy Protection For Children  
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly provide access to Garysguide.com to persons under the age of thirteen (13). If Garysguide.com later learns that any member is under the age of thirteen (13), we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database and we will restrict this individual from future access to the Garysguide.com service. 13\. Accessing, Reviewing And Changing Your Personal Information  
Members can access, change and update their registration and personal information by logging onto Garysguide.com and selecting the Edit Profile option.14\. Security  
Garysguide.com has implemented security measures to protect member information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Each of our employees is aware of our security policies, and your information is only available to those employees who need it to perform their jobs. 15\. Consent  
This Privacy Policy is a part of the Garysguide.com Terms of Use policy. By using [Garysguide.com](http://www.garysguide.com/) and its services, users agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. Some terms may be defined in the Terms of Use. 16\. Notice  
If Garysguide.com changes its policy and seeks to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be notified via email or a system message visible on your Garysguide.com home page. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice, we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us to notify them of the changes in our privacy practices. 

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at [privacy@garysguide.com](mailto:privacy@garysguide.com).   
  
---|---  
  
| 
