> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 2020site.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629063917id_/http%3A//www.2020site.org/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

see it clearly

## Privacy Policy

## 2020 Site Privacy Policy

We use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Internet. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gif technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. 

## Consumer Information

During the process of delivering an ad to you, 2020 Site does not collect any personally identifiable information about you-such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, 2020 Site does obtain some types of nonpersonally identifiable information-such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information collected by 2020 Site is used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers. In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a specific ad (the advertiser may ask you to fill out a survey or provide your zip code). If this does occur, 2020 Site may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser. This information is used by an advertiser to respond to your request. In addition, 2020 Site may combine this information with other users' information and review it in an aggregate form to understand the type of people who view a specific type of ad or visit a particular kind of website.

## Data Collection

2020 Site-as well as most sites on the Internet-use "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. What are cookies and why do we use them? First, 2020 Site cannot use these cookies to identify you personally in any way. A cookie is a unique number that is provided to you the first time you visit 2020 Site-as well as other sites within that network that you may visit in the future. This unique number, which is stored in a cookie file on your computer, helps 2020 Site target ads to you. This cookie can help 2020 Site ensure that we do not serve you the same ad multiple times and help our advertisers understand what you like and do not like about their offerings so they can cater better to your needs the next time you are interested in their products or services. While we believe cookies enhance your Internet experience by limiting the number of times you see the same ad and delivering more relevant content to you, they are not required for 2020 Site to deliver you an ad.

If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to delete your cookies manually. Please consult your web browser's help documentation for more information or you may opt out of advertiser cookies [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

If you have any additional questions about 2020 Site's dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us: admin at lovetoknow.com
