> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the perezitos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111123121540id_/http%3A//perezitos.com/privacy-notice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice | Perezitos.com

Last updated: August 29, 2011. 

Perezitos.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it at all times. This Internet Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, and safeguard information on this Website. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. **By visiting Perezitos.com, you acknowledge and accept the practices, terms, and conditions described in this Privacy Notice and the Perezitos.com Conditions of Use (the “Conditions of Use”), and agree that any and all disputes, including, without limitation, those disputes arising over privacy, between you and Perezitos.com, its parent company(ies), subsidiary(ies), affiliated companies, principals, owners, board members, employees, contributors, advertisers, sponsors, affiliates, partners, and any of their licensees, successors, and assignees, will be subject to terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice and/or the Conditions of Use, as applicable.**

By continuing to use the Perezitos.com Website after we post any changes to this Privacy Notice and/or the Conditions of Use, you accept the Privacy Notice and/or the Conditions of Use, as applicable, as modified.

**YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to: [info@perezitos.com](mailto:info@perezitos.com)

**WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CUSTOMERS DOES PEREZITOS.COM COLLECT?**

The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at Perezitos.com. Here are the types of information we collect: 

• **Information You Give Us** : We receive and store any personal and financial information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future options for you, improving our Website, and communicating with you.  
• **Automatic Information** : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Perezitos.com, including your IP address. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Perezitos.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.  
• **E-mail Communications** : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Perezitos.com if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences accordingly.  
• **Information from Third Parties: We may provide you with the opportunity to interact with the site using your identity from third-party social networks, including, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter.** We do not own or operate these social networks; however, whenever you connect with such third-party social network, we will receive information from them, including information about actions you take. In some cases, in order to personalize the process of connecting, we may receive a limited amount of information even before you connect with the application or website. **When you integrate from Perezitos.com to a third-party social network, personal information, including without limitation, your name, location, profile image, friends and friends’ profile images from your profile and/or other content you have provided such third-party social network may be shared from such social network and provided to us to provide a unique user experience. You may also opt to post or share media using this information generated by Perezitos.com to various third-party social networks.**  
• **You may choose to provide us access to your personal information on these sites, or you may opt out. If you have connected your Twitter account with Perezitos.com** and would like to revoke access, you may do so here: http://twitter.com/settings/connections. If you would like to revoke Perezitos.com’s access to your Facebook profile information, you may revoke access here: http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=applications. At times, you may interact with the site using your identity from a third-party network by leaving a comment on the site. If you would like to remove a comment you have left on the site, you must contact Perezitos.com at info@perezitos.com. We are under no obligation to remove comments that you have left on the Website.  
• We may ask advertisers to tell us how our users responded to the ads we showed them (and for comparison purposes, how other users who didn’t see the ads acted on their site). This data sharing, commonly known as “conversion tracking,” helps us measure our advertising effectiveness and improve the quality of the advertisements you see. We may receive information about whether or not you’ve seen or interacted with certain ads on other sites in order to measure the effectiveness of those ads.  
• **• YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT THAT ANY INTEGRATED THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORK PROMOTIONS AND ADVERTISEMENTS FEATURED ON PEREZITOS.COM MAY ACCESS, COLLECT, USE, REUSE AND STORE INFORMATION GATHERED FROM YOUR PROFILE ON SUCH THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKING WEBSITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT BY YOU CLICKING “YES” OR “I AGREE” YOU ARE AUTOMATICALLY OPTED INTO THE PROMOTION OR ADVERTISEMENT AND ALLOWS THE ACCESS OF YOUR PROFILE INFORMATION. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE, REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE AGREED TO SUCH THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORK WEBSITES’ PRIVACY POLICIES AND TERMS OF USE AND WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US HARMLESS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTUAL OR POTENTIAL CLAIMS, WHETHER OR NOT CONCERNING PRIVACY, ASSOCIATED WITH ANY PEREZITOS.COM PROMOTION, ADVERTISEMENT OR CUSTOMIZED USER EXPIERENCE, AND YOU WILL ALSO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US HARMLESS FOR ANY PRIVACY CLAIMS IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKS.**

**WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?**

• Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as personalized greetings and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.  
• The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Perezitos.com’s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

**DOES PEREZITOS.COM SHARE THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?**

We may allow certain third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit the Website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. **To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice and/or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit: http://networkadvertising.org.**

• **Third-Party Service Providers** : We may utilize third party companies and/or individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include, without limitation, to fulfill orders, to deliver packages, to send postal mail, e-mail, and other correspondence, to remove repetitive information from customer lists, to analyze data, to provide marketing assistance, to sponsor and/or conduct contests, sweepstakes, or promotions, to provide search results and links (including paid listings and links), to process credit card payments, and to provide customer service. These third party service providers may have access to the personal information we possess, but they will only be permitted to use that information they need to perform their specific functions, and will not be authorized by us to use such information for any other purpose.  
• **Third-Party Social Networks** : We may utilize third-party social networks (i.e. Facebook and Twitter) to create a more unique user experience by occasionally pairing advertisements we serve with relevant information we obtain via third-party social networks (only those to which you have given us permission to access) about you and your friends to make advertisements more interesting and more tailored to you and your friends. We only share the personally identifiable information visible in the social ad with the friend who can see the ad. You can opt out of having your information used in social ads by following the process described above.  
• **Business Transfers** : As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Perezitos.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.  
• **Protection of Perezitos.com and Others** : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Perezitos.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.  
• **With Your Consent** : Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

**HOW SECURE IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME?**

• We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.  
• We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.  
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.  
• Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.

**WHAT INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?**

Perezitos.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Perezitos.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. The list of information you can access will change as our Website evolves. 

**ARE CHILDREN ALLOWED TO USE PEREZITOS.COM?**

Perezitos.com does NOT provide services to children or sell products for purchase by children. 

**CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS**

If you choose to visit Perezitos.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California. If you have any concern about privacy at Perezitos.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. 

Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
