> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the perfectdisk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180717084848id_/http%3A//www.raxco.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Raxco Software

This is the Web site of Raxco Software, Inc. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices in connection with this Web site and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this Web site. We can be reached by mail at our postal address (PO Box 87298 Montgomery Village, MD 20886), by [e-mail](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/), or by telephone (301.527.0803 or 800.546.9728).

For each visitor to this Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name, but generally not the e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We also may collect various types of personally identifiable information that is submitted to us via the Web site. Such information may include name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, and registration-related information, as well as information about your interests in and use of various programs and services.

We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our Web pages, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 7 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Comcast).

We may use the information you provide about yourself to communicate with you, fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.

We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Web site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you programs or services.

Raxco's online store is provided by [Cleverbridge.](https://www.cleverbridge.com/corporate/)

We also sometimes utilize third-party vendors, including Google, for remarketing purposes. Third-party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on websites across the Internet to users who have previously visited our website. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/settings/ads). To opt out of third-party vendors' use of cookies, you can follow the instructions at the Network Advertising Initiative [Consumer Opt-Out](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) page. You can also regularly clear your browser cache and cookies or set your browser to clear your cache and cookies automatically or not remember your browsing history at all.

We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email to [removeme@raxco.com](mailto:removeme@raxco.com?subject=Raxco%20-%20Remove%20me%20from%20email&body=Please%20remove%20my%20email%20address%20from%20being%20sent%20emails%20by%20Raxco%20Software.). Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an e-mail to [removeme@raxco.com.](mailto:removeme@raxco.com?subject=Raxco%20-%20Remove%20me%20from%20telephone%20calls&body=Please%20remove%20my%20phone%20number%20below%20from%20being%20called%20by%20Raxco%20Software.)

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy.

Consumers can access the information that we have collected from them online and request correction of factual inaccuracies in this information by e-mailing us at [privacy@raxco.com ](mailto:privacy@raxco.com?subject=Raxco%20-%20personal%20information%20collected%20by%20Raxco&body=I%20would%20like%20to%20access%20the%20personal%20information%20collected%20by%20Raxco%20about%20me%20or%20would%20like%20to%20request%20correction%20of%20factual%20inaccuracies%20in%20this%20information.)and/or following such other procedures as we may post to this Web site from time to time.

With respect to security: we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Web site. However, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

If you feel that this Web site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above-listed addresses or phone number.
