> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the performancebike.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217115022id_/http%3A//www.performancebike.com/help/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Performance Bike - Home for all your cycling needs!

We occasionally have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures that perform functions on our behalf. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the data. They are restricted from using this data for other purposes, and in any way other than to provide the requested services to performancebike.com, and may not alter or resell the data. You may elect to opt-out of personally identifiable site tracking activity by following the Opt-out link below. Keep in mind that performancebike.com may continue to collect anonymous aggregate site behavior from our customers. 

We may also make certain third party offers available on our site from time to time, some of which may require us to pass a user’s personal information to them for processing. Should a user choose to accept such an offer, we will pass that user’s relevant personal information, which may include name, postal address, credit/debit card number and any other required billing information, to that specific third party. 

There is a possibility that Performancebike.com, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures, its affiliates, or any combination of such, could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity. If such an action occurs, Performancebike.com would like to let you know that some or all of the personal information collected about you would be shared with this entity in order to continue to provide reliable service. Notice of such an event will be posted on this page, and we will require that all parties follow the practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy unless otherwise noted. 
