> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the perryellis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171204151043id_/https%3A//www.perryellis.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Perry Ellis Privacy Policy

Perry Ellis collects data that you provide on the Site, either through transactions, email registration, text message sign up, sweepstakes, contests, or membership; through online live chat, phone, mail and fax interactions or registrations that you submit; or that you provide when you visit our stores or otherwise interact with Perry Ellis. This includes information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, any personal preferences you choose to provide, transaction details such as style, size, price, discount, date, store, your credit card number and expiration date used for transactions, and an encrypted password to ensure maximum protection of your privacy (“Personal Information”).

Perry Ellis occasionally obtains email addresses of active Perry Ellis customers who requested fashion emails on other websites. Perry Ellis also reserves the right to obtain publicly accessible customer demographics.

We gather certain information about your Site visit automatically and store it in log files. We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the Site, to learn about user behavior on the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  However, to the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by applicable law, we also treat this information as Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.  Also, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with Personal Information about you, we treat the combined information as Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
