> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pervespace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622131708id_/http%3A//www.pervespace.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PerveSpace Privacy Policy

At the same time that Perve Space is committed to bringing you entertainment tailored to your individual needs, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about you. In adopting this customer privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information with your reasonable expectations of privacy.

Perve Space does not collect personally identifying information about individuals, except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.

Web servers serving Perve Space automatically collect information about which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors. This is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. We do NOT provide this information about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers. We do NOT share nor sell private information, such as the email addresses of our registrants.

Perve Space may place a "cookie" on the browser of a Perve Space user's computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site; we use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as delivery of ads, so we can customize delivery of information without compromising privacy. For example, cookies are used to ensure that you don't see the same ad too many times in a single session. Cookies may also be used to allow users to remain logged into this Web site.

A user's personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address) may be used by Perve Space for editorial purposes. If we run competitions or contests on the site, you may be required to provide information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate. The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used.

Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection, user's personally identifiable information, will not be transferred to a party outside Perve Space, its divisions, its vendors providing Internet hosting services or third party list managers unless stated at the time of collection. If you do not wish to receive any e-mail, you may "opt out" at any time by e-mailing us or contacting us by regular mail. _Perve Space does not share email addresses with advertisers or any other third party_.

We do not control the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks. Perve Space users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others. 

_Perve Space does not target children or teenagers_ (or anyone under the legal age to view such materials in their community) for collection of information online. Perve Space does not solicit or collect individually identifiable information targeted at children and teenagers under 18 and does not allow anyone else to do so on PerveSpace.com. In addition, the editorial content of Perve Space is not designed for children and therefore will not knowingly promote or link to any third-party Web site that collects individually identifiable information unless that site publishes an easily accessible privacy policy. 

Parents: We encourage you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. Any personally identifiable information collected by Perve Space that we are aware is from children will be immediately and permanently removed. Such information will not be posted or published by us, or provided to any third parties, without your prior consent. Finally you should be aware that if your children voluntarily disclose information such as their names or e-mail addresses on various forums or chat areas, such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties.

Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace, and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena. If we need to change our policy in the future, we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect. 
