> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alfredangelo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606051346id_/http%3A//www.alfredangelo.com/Company/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Alfred Angelo... Find the perfect Wedding Dress, Bridesmaid Dress, Prom Dress, Flower Girl Dress or Mother of the Bride Dress at Alfred Angelo.

|   


**      
[TERMS OF SERVICE](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606051346id_/http%3A//www.alfredangelo.com/Company/TermsOfService.aspx)         
**

|  |  |  |   


**Introduction  
** Alfred Angelo, Inc. ("Alfred Angelo") owns and operates [**_www.alfredangelo.com_**](https://web.archive.org/ "Visit AlfredAngeloBridal.com") and related websites and webpages ("service"). In order to preserve and protect the confidence and trust our customers have in Alfred Angelo, we have adopted the following policies governing use of our service and any personal information supplied online ("policies"). These policies may be changed from time to time and you should visit this page to familiarize yourself with our current policies.

 **Personal Information  
** Alfred Angelo generally collects personal information only with your knowledge and consent. Alfred Angelo collects information that you provide to us online, through completion of registration and other forms in our retail stores, or through other means.  Personal information may include your name, address, email address, wedding date and phone number, and we may request and you may choose to supply other information such as age, gender, credit card or other personal information (collectively "personal information.") Alfred Angelo may collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of our products and services that we offer.  Alfred Angelo may also record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page or pages you request.  For example:

\- If you join our registry or request an appointment through the Service, we will collect your first and last name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number, specific bridal party and wedding information, and other preferences and demographic information you provide.

\- If you make a purchase through the Service, we will ask you to register with us, and we will also ask you for your credit card number, a shipping address and a telephone number for that shipping address, and for any additional information that may be required to personalize the product you purchase.

\- If you contact our customer service, we will ask you for your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, order number and such other information as you wish to submit to us to allow us to assist you.

\- If you submit a wedding story through the Service, we will ask you for your e-mail address, the names of the bride or the subject of the story, the date and location of the wedding and such other information as you may include in the story and photos that you submit to us.

\- If you enter our "gown giveaway" or other contests and sweepstakes, complete our surveys, or voluntarily participate in other promotions offered by us or third parties through the Service (collectively, "Contests") we will ask you to provide personal information, such as your first and last name, postal address, wedding date, e-mail address and telephone number.

\- If you send us a text message, we will collect the mobile phone number you use to send us a text message, the content of the message, and we will log the wireless telecommunications service provider associated with the number and the date and time of the message.

Please note that registration is required to create “My Favorites,” submit a story, or use certain other features of the Service. 

_Social Networks_ : If you are a member of Facebook or another social network or service, and you use functionality available through the Service or otherwise authorize us to associate your Service account with that network or service, both we and the network or service will gather information about your behavior on the Service, and may associate that information with personal information we and the network or service already have about you. _Public Conduct_ : __ If you engage in behavior at or through the Service that is intended to be viewed by other users (collectively, "Public Conduct"), such as participating in forums, message boards and chat rooms; using your Facebook page, Twitter® account or other functionality available through the Service to share product preferences, comment on products and other content; or posting stories about your wedding, we and others may collect information about you as a result of your Public Conduct, and all such information will be publicly available to anyone visiting or using the Service. _Automatic Gathering of Information_ : We and other companies and individuals we select to provide us with goods and services (each, a "Service Provider") collect non-identifying information about your visit to or use of the Service, your Web browsing movements across the Internet (not just on the Service), and your interaction with our advertisements at the Service and elsewhere. For example, we may keep track of how many of our advertisements you saw before visiting the Service, how you were directed to the Service, how you navigate around the Service, which products you browse, as well as your purchasing activities through the Service.

To do this, we and our Service Providers use technology (e.g., cookies, action tags, Web beacons, and GIF tags), placed at various sections within the Service and in our advertisements delivered by e-mail or served during your Web browsing session. Some of this technology may be disabled by changing your Web browser settings. Please consult the documentation for your Web browser on how to manage the information gathering and storage aspects of this technology on your computer. We and our Service Providers do not collect any personal information through the use of this technology.

If you use the mobile application portion of the Service, we and our Service Providers may also use various technology (e.g., anonymous identifiers, flash cookies, HTML5 software, local storage, and mini-databases) to track your Web browsing movements at the Service and across the Internet, and may store such information on your mobile device. Many mobile devices have this technology pre-loaded or incorporated in the Web browser, or the technology may be included in the mobile application you download and use on your device. Please consult your device documentation on how to manage the information gathering and storage aspects of this technology. We and our Service Providers do not collect any personal information through the use of this technology.

If you choose to reject all cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology, you may be unable to use much of the functionality of the Service. Unless we associate non-identifying information that we gather through use of technology with your personal information, we will NOT treat such information as personal information.

 _Information from Other Sources_ : We may also collect information (including personal information) about you from our Service Providers and other third parties and add it to the personal information we maintain. _Request Fulfillment_ : We use your personal information to confirm, fulfill and ship your orders, to set up appointments that you request, to confirm your entry in our Contests, and to otherwise respond to your requests. We may also use your personal information to contact you if we want to communicate with you about your order, appointment or other request. _Promotional Messages_ : We may also use your personal information to send you newsletters, information about special events, e-mail offers, text message offers, and other savings opportunities; to notify you of changes to the Service; to provide you with up-to-date information on the newest products and services that may be of interest to you; to handle billing disputes with you; and to tailor our online offerings and advertisements to your preferences. We may also use non-identifying information about your visits to the Service and other Web sites in order to provide you with special offers about goods and services of interest to you, make sure you are not shown the same content repeatedly on the Service, deliver information that is specific to your interests, and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Service. If you wish to opt-out of the collection and use of information concerning your Web browsing behavior for purposes of serving and better targeting advertisements, please send us an email at [customercare@alfredangelo.com](mailto:customercare@alfredangelo.com) to do so. _Rewards Program and Advertisements:_ We may also participate in rewards programs with other business organizations where our customers who are also members of these programs receive a reward from the other businesses for their purchases from Alfred Angelo. We also place advertisements for our products on other Web sites that include a link enabling visitors to click on the link to be taken to the Service and purchase the products featured in the advertisement. In these situations, we share your personal information about your purchases with the other member organizations or Web sites under the contracts these entities have with us. _Optional Features_ : If you choose to participate in certain other features or functions available through the Service, such as customer service, product reviews, wish-lists, and special occasion stories or other Public Conduct, we will use your personal information to administer and operate those features and functions. We may also aggregate information we gather from your Public Conduct with other information we collect from your use of the Service. _Other Business Purposes_ : We may also use personal information, non-identifying information, and aggregated information about our customers' access and navigation of the Service and their browsing and purchasing activities that we and our Service Providers obtain from our use of technology, to improve the Service, and for other business purposes, such as marketing, advertising and research.   
**  
Use of Information Provided by You  
** Alfred Angelo uses personal information provided by you to provide the goods or services you have requested. We may also use personal information to communicate with you about new offers, features, products or services or to improve the services that we offer. Alfred Angelo does not sell your personal information, including your email address to any third party, although we may choose to rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information to selected third parties as set forth in these policies.  In order to facilitate communications between you and affiliated full service bridal salons that carry Alfred Angelo® apparel and accessories, Alfred Angelo sends personal information to such salons who may contact you directly. Personal information may include your name, email address, suggested dress or style information and other personal information you supply to us.  We may also share personal information with others including our affiliates and carefully selected companies who we believe can offer you products or services that may be of interest to you.  If you wish not to have your personal information disclosed or you wish not to be contacted by bridal salons or others, please email or write to us as provided below. 

To provide you with better service, we may also use "cookies" which are small bits of code, usually stored on a user's computer hard drive, which enable a website to "personalize" itself for each user or to facilitate future use of our service.  If we or any of our lines of business are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant customer database may be sold as part of that transaction and your personal information accessed by such successor or purchaser.

 **Children Under Age 13  
** We do not collect or disseminate personal information about anyone whom we have actual knowledge is under the age of 13.

 **Security  
** To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we employ reasonable and current Internet security methods and technologies. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt credit card numbers to prevent your information from being read during transmission over the Internet. To learn more about SSL, please follow this link to [http://www.ssl.com](http://www.ssl.com/). In addition, we use other means, such as firewalls, to safeguard the confidentiality of this information. However, no method of transmission or electronic storage provides certainty of security. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of the information that we collect.

  **How to Contact Us  
** Should you have any questions, concerns or comments, please click on the following link to send an email to _customercare_[ _@alfredangelo.com_](mailto:info@alfredangelo.com) __ or write to us at:

Alfred Angelo, Inc.  
1301 Virginia Drive, Suite 110  
Ft. Washington, Pennsylvania 19034  
Attn: Customer Service

 **California Privacy Rights**  
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to opt-out of our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may make such a request by contacting us by e-mail addressed [customercare@alfredangelo.com](mailto:customercare@alfredangelo.com). Please reference California Privacy Rights in your subject line. You may also write to us at Alfred Angelo, Inc., 1301 Virginia Drive, Suite 110, Ft. Washington, Pennsylvania 19034, Attn: Customer Service. 

Please be aware that this opt-out does not prohibit our disclosure of personal information for any purpose other than direct marketing.

 **Will Alfred Angelo disclose my personal information?  
** _Retail Stores_ : Our retail stores share with us the personal information they collect from your completion of a registration or other form, and we combine it with the information we collect from you through the Service, so that the Service will be able to provide you with relevant information regarding special events and offers. We share the personal information we collect from you through your use of the Service with our retail stores so that they can provide you with relevant information regarding special events and offers.

 _Service Providers_ : We engage Service Providers from time to time to perform business functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, maintaining customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments, and providing customer service. We furnish personal information to our Service Providers as required to perform these business functions on our behalf.

We also engage advertising agencies and other Service Providers and share non-identifying information and aggregated information with them for purposes of analysis and improvement of the Service. In addition, we have carefully selected certain Service Providers to provide us with digital analytics and marketing optimization services. These Service Providers use technology, such as cookies and anonymous identifiers, to collect information on our behalf that will educate us on such things as search engine referral, how you navigate around the Service, unique visitor identification, and product browsing and purchasing information. These Service Providers are not permitted to collect credit card, username or password information. These Service Providers analyze the information collected on our behalf and return it to us through a secure web connection for our use in understanding your use of the Service and how to better serve you. These Service Providers are contractually prohibited from using our information for any other purpose and are required to maintain all information collected and their analyses in strictest confidence. You may choose to continue to benefit from the improved experience with the Service that such analyses provide to you, but maintain your anonymity. You may also choose to deactivate the ability of these Service Providers to analyze your browsing and purchasing behavior at the Service by setting your Web browser to reject cookies and other technology. 

_Third Parties_

: Alfred Angelo may share your personal information with our Recommended Vendor Partners for direct marketing purposes. Alfred Angelo may also choose to share, sell, trade, or rent your personal information to other third parties for direct marketing purposes (i.e., offering goods and services that we believe would be attractive to our customers). We require all third parties with whom we share information (including personal information) that we collect to handle that information in accordance with this privacy policy. However, these third parties may also have additional or different privacy practices that you may find on their respective Web sites. You may also go to their Web sites to find out more about technology they use to collect information while providing us with services.

We also may share non-identifying and aggregate information with third parties that advertise at or through the Service. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X-number of individuals visited a certain area of the Service, or that Y-number of women who filled out our registration form are from the northeast U.S., but we will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. 

_Optional Features_ : If you use optional features or functions available through the Service to engage in Public Conduct, any personal information that you post or submit may also be collected and used by other users of these features to send you marketing messages and for other purposes. In addition, we may forward the information you provide as a part of Public Conduct to other Web sites as a part of an RSS feed, API, or other format. We are not responsible for editing or removing any personal information that you post or submit as a result of your Public Conduct. Additionally, we share personal information about you when you voluntarily use certain optional features of the Service. For example, if you include personal information in a product review that you submit, the content of that review will be posted on the Service and may be distributed and posted to other Web sites. If you are a member of a third party rewards program, we will share personal information concerning your purchases through the Service with that organization. If you participate in a Contest, we will share the personal information you submit with our Service Providers assisting us in the administration of the Contest.

 _Law Enforcement_ : From time to time, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to share information with law enforcement agencies concerning any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We also may share certain personal information when we believe that such sharing is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.

 _Business Transfers_ : We may also share personal information with third parties in relation to planned or potential corporate sales, mergers, reorganizations, consolidations, dissolutions, bankruptcies or similar events. As a part of any such transaction, we will treat your personal information as an asset and transfer it to the purchaser.

 **How can I opt-out of receiving advertising communications from Alfred Angelo and others?**  
You may request that we remove you from our telephone marketing list and refrain from sharing your telephone number with third parties by sending us an e-mail addressed [customercare@alfredangelo.com](mailto:customercare@alfredangelo.com). Please reference Telephone List Removal in your subject line and include your telephone numbers in the body of your email. You may also write to us at Alfred Angelo, Inc.   
1301 Virginia Drive, Suite 110  
Ft. Washington, Pennsylvania 19034   
Attn: Customer Service 

You may request that we remove you from our postal mailing list and refrain from sharing your postal address with third parties by logging into your Service account and updating your preferences concerning advertising communications from us and third parties. You may also make such a request by sending us an e-mail addressed to [customercare@alfredangelo.com](mailto:customercare@alfredangelo.com). Please reference Postal Mailing List Removal in your subject line and include your postal mailing address in the body of your email. You may also write to us at Alfred Angelo, Inc., 1301 Virginia Drive, Suite 110, Ft. Washington, Pennsylvania 19034, Attn: Customer Service.

If you would prefer not to receive our e-mail offers, please click on the "unsubscribe" link or follow the instructions in our e-mail message, or log into your account and update your preferences concerning advertising communications from us and third parties. You may also make such a request by sending us an e-mail addressed [customercare@alfredangelo.com](mailto:customercare@alfredangelo.com). Please reference E-mail List Removal in your subject line and include your email address in the body of the email. You may also write to us at Alfred Angelo, Inc.1301 Virginia Drive, Suite 110, Ft. Washington, Pennsylvania 19034 Attn: Customer Service 

To opt out of text messages from Alfred Angelo, reply to the text message you received with the word STOP. 

It may take Alfred Angelo up to thirty (30) business days to reflect your preferences in our databases, and we will promptly communicate your preferences concerning advertising communications to the third parties with whom we have business relationships. However, if these third parties have personal information directly from you or from a source other than Alfred Angelo, you will have to opt-out from receiving their advertising communications by contacting them directly. 

From time to time, we may also use your personal information to send important notices, such as notifications about your Service account, changes to our terms of use, this privacy policy, or other policies or agreements relevant to you, or regarding transactions or services you have specifically requested. Because this information is important to your interaction with us, you may not opt-out of receiving these communications. 

**Is there anything else I should know about Internet privacy?  
**

 _A note concerning Third Party Web sites_

: __ The Service may contain links to Web sites operated by third parties, including Web sites operated by our advertisers, Service Providers, and other business associates of Alfred Angelo. When you click on one of these links, you will visit the Web sites operated by these third parties. Any information that you submit at these third party Web sites are submitted by you directly to these third parties, and all such information will be governed by their privacy policies and procedures, not ours. The privacy policies of other Web sites will vary, and some may have no stated privacy policy. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures of third party Web sites.

 _A note to residents of the European Union and other countries outside the United States_

: __ Alfred Angelo is located in the United States and makes the Service publicly available from the United States. Any information that you provide to us will be transferred out of your country of residence to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its transfer to and storage in the United States and to its use and disclosure as described in this privacy policy. We adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission. 

**A note concerning changes to our privacy policy**  
By using the Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information you provide in accordance with this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Privacy policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post our revised privacy policy, as well as to existing information we hold.  
 **  
**

| 
