> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alfy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060430003543id_/http%3A//www.alfy.com/about/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ALFY - The Web Portal for Kids - About ALFY - Privacy Policy

Last updated on January 25, 2003

Here at www.alfy.com, www.CleverIsland.com and www.CleverTeacher.com (collectively, the “Site”) we recognize that respecting the privacy of our guests (children, parents, teachers and other adults), is as important as the quality of the on-line experience that we deliver to them. Our Site complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and rules promulgated thereunder (collectively, “COPPA”), which you may read about by clicking here. 

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully because it describes our information collection practices, the kind of information we need to gather in order to serve you better, and how, why and under what circumstances we may use or disclose such private information. Your visit to the Site is conditioned upon your agreement with this Privacy Policy and your agreement to abide by the other terms and conditions governing your use of this Site. You can review the Site’s other terms and conditions by clicking [here](http://www.alfy.com/about/terms.asp).

If you have questions that have not been answered in this Privacy Policy please send us an email at [info@alfy.com](mailto:info@alfy.com) and we will get back to you with answers. We want you to always know what’s going on in our home, because we think of this Site as your home too.

_Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and What You Can Do About It_

Much of the content on the Site is accessible without any need for us to collect personally identifiable information from you, but in order to receive some of our most popular services and content (including the content at www.CleverIsland.com, which is solely a subscription-based web site, and including certain content and services provided through www.CleverTeacher.com), you may need to provide us with such information from time to time. For example, in order to enable a guest’s participation in sweepstakes, we need to collect contact information so that we know how to contact the winners and where to send the prizes. Our information collection, use and disclosure practices with respect to children under the age of 13 are further described below in a section titled _Kids, Parents and COPPA_ or by clicking here.

When we refer to personally identifiable information we mean any combination of your e-mail address, full name, home or business address, school address, child’s grade, credit card information, billing address, social security number, age, gender, birthdate, or any other information that would allow someone to identify or contact you. The type of personally identifiable information collected may depend on the service or feature that you are trying to access or obtain, and who you are (a child, a parent wishing to use the Site for him or herself, a parent wishing to make a feature or service available to his or her child, a parent wishing to open an account and add his or her child to the account, a teacher wishing to use the Site’s resources, a parent inquiring about his or her child’s activities on the Site, etc.). 

Remember that, in general, when we collect any personally identifiable information from you, you will _know_ because you will have to provide that information by filling out a form. For example, you (or your parent if you are a child under the age of 13) will have to fill out a subscription form if you wish to enjoy our content at www.CleverIsland.com. As a teacher, you will need to provide us the information requested on the www.CleverTeacher.com registration form if you wish to take advantage of our services at www.CleverTeacher.com. At the time you fill out the form (which could be a registration form, a subscription form, a participation form, or any other form or questionnaire entitling you to take advantage of a feature or service on our Site), you choose what type of information you are willing to provide to us and you choose if you wish to limit our ability to send e-mail or other communications to you or our ability to let other third parties send e-mail or other communications to you. Understand, however, that your choice not to provide us with certain of the personally identifiable information requested may preclude you from accessing or from fully benefiting from the features, content or services offered on the Site. That said, rest assured that we only collect personally identifiable information that you have decided to give to us. 

_Information Gathered Through Technology_

In addition to the information that we receive from you directly, we gather date, time, browser type and the IP addresses of all of our guests, for our internal purposes. We keep this information for system administration, for web server load balancing, to report aggregate information to our advertisers and for our internal security audit log. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.

When your web browser accesses the Site, we collect certain information via “cookies.” “Cookies” are pieces of information that our Site sends to your computer while you are visiting us. Most web sites use “cookies” because “cookies” make the use of the Site more useful for the guest. For example, “cookies” help us set the language of many of the voices you hear on the Site. We never save personally identifiable information in “cookies.” 

We may use third party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our behalf. These companies may employ “cookies” and “action tags” (also known as “single pixel gifs” or “web beacons”) to deliver advertisements that are more relevant and more interesting to you, and to measure advertising effectiveness. We do not control the “cookies” and “action tags” that they employ. Any information that these third parties collect via “cookies” and “action tags” is not associated to personally identifiable information. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp). 

Most browsers are initially set up to accept “cookies.” You can reset your browser to refuse all “cookies” or indicate when a “cookie” is being sent. You may disable the “cookies” if you wish by using utilities provided by companies not associated with our Site. Unfortunately, if you choose to visit our Site anonymously, which you can do, of course, you will not be able to take advantage of many of the great features and content the Site has to offer.

_When We Might Share Your Personally Identifiable Information With Third Parties_

Your privacy is important to us, which is why we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties except in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In general, collecting personally identifiable information gives us the chance to serve you better. Accordingly, we will share your personally identifiable information only if we believe that doing so might provide value to you. For example, we may use a third party company to ship prizes to you if you have won a contest. We may also offer to you promotions, free subscriptions or products in connection with a third party sponsor and we may share your information with the sponsor so that you can participate in the promotion and the sponsor can deliver the promotions to you. If a third party provides content or services on our Site that you wish to receive, we may share your information with that third party in order to allow them to provide the content or services. Similarly, if we believe that a third party could offer you services or products that may be generally beneficial to you, we may share your information with them. Finally, we may be required to share your personally identifiable information to comply with a court order or subpoena, to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect your safety and security when you visit the Site. Other than as set forth above, we will give you notice when information about you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to tell us not to share that information.

_Kids, Parents and COPPA_

We care about the safety and privacy of children under the age of 13, and we always seek parental consent in accordance with COPPA

Generally speaking we do not collect e-mail addresses of children under 13 without first asking for their parents’ consent. If and when we do that, however, we do it only in certain types of circumstances, as permitted by COPPA. For example, we may collect the child’s e-mail address before seeking parental consent when a child asks to participate in a contest on a one-time basis only, the first time a child requests that we send him or her our online newsletter (in which case we will communicate with the parent and tell the parent that we are about to engage, at the child’s request, in a regular communication with the child, and give the parent the opportunity to stop further communication), when we offer to help a child with his or her homework, when a child wants to send electronic postcards to a friend, when the collection is meant to protect the child’s safety during his or her visit to the Site (and in that case we will notify the parent and give him or her the opportunity to prevent further use of the information), and when the collection is done for the purpose of protecting the security of the Site, or to respond to law enforcement, if necessary. The e-mail addresses collected are not used for any other purpose. 

Other than as described above, we will always make sure to ask for the parents’ verifiable parental consent (in compliance with COPPA), _before_ we collect any personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13, and _before_ we use or disclose any personally identifiable information that a child under 13 has provided to us.

We may seek your parental consent in several ways: for example, via confirmatory e-mail if all we want to do is use the information collected from your child for internal purposes only (such as, for example, communicating updates about the Site’s content). Before we disclose the e-mail address of a child under 13 to any third party (or through chat rooms or message boards when the personally identifiable information has not been stripped from postings) we will get a signed consent from you via mail or fax, or accept and verify a credit card number in connection with a transaction or subscription, or take a call from you through a toll-free telephone number staffed by trained personnel, or ask you to send us a confirmatory e-mail accompanied by your digital signature.

We also fully comply with COPPA in connection with other types of information that your child provides us (for example, information collected through “cookies”) if these types of information are tied to individually identifiable information.

If you are a parent and have any further questions about any personally identifiable information that we might collect from your child please email us at [info@alfy.com](mailto:info@alfy.com), call us at 1-866-4-CLEVER, or send us mail at Alfy, Inc., 589 Eighth Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10018.

_Links To Other Sites_

For the enjoyment of our guests, we provide links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the information collection, use and disclosure practices of those other web sites, and we advise our guests, and their parents in case of our children guests, to check the privacy policies of each such other web site before using it, to understand how your personal information will be handled on each such other web site. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the other web sites that we provide links to. We will notify you each time you’re leaving this Site.

_E-Commerce Applications_

Your use of on-line stores and other e-commerce applications that you have access to from our Site is subject to the policies and terms and conditions of such applications, including those with respect to collection of personal information necessary to process any orders. The privacy policies and terms of use of such applications can be reached from such applications. These applications are intended for adults and a credit card is required in order to complete the ordering process. We may use outside contractors to process and fulfill orders made from the on-line stores and if so, we ask them to maintain the confidentiality of the information they receive from us. They, in turn, may provide this information, as necessary, to their subcontractors, including warehouses and shipping companies, in order to process your order. We are not responsible for these outside contractors and their subcontractors. In order to protect your child's privacy, we do not create any on-line store account nor enter information into our records unless and until the order is completed using a verified credit card during the check out process.

_Legal Information_

Although the Site follows and complies with COPPA, this does not guarantee safety or that the relevant person is a child or a parent or legal guardian, and the Site does not guarantee the actual identities claimed by its guests. Also, we do not guarantee that your children will not voluntarily release personal information about themselves or about you or their friends or other acquaintances on our Site or on web sites that they visit or link to from our Site. It is very important that parents understand the features, uses and potential risks of using the Site. That's why we advise all guests to practice safe computing and urge parents to advise their children not to give out any personally identifiable information without their consent.

We make no guarantees, warranties or representations that any of our guests will be absolutely safe or insulated from inappropriate content or behavior and we do not guarantee, warrant or represent that a guest will not try to circumvent, or be successful in circumventing, the features on our Site. Furthermore, the Site does not assume any obligations, liability, or responsibilities associated with such behavior.

_Changes And Updates_

We reserve the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures and disclaimers of this Site at any time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site as they occur. **BY VISITING THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, UNLESS YOU ARE A CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 13, IN WHICH CASE, YOUR PARENTS ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY.** Please check this Privacy Policy periodically to determine if any changes were made to it since you last visited us. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means that you have accepted such changes. In the event there is a material change in the information collection, use or disclosure practices described in this Privacy Policy, and you have consented to our practices before such material changes occurred, we will give you the opportunity to withdraw your consent and specifically instruct us as to what we are allowed or not allowed to do with the information that we collected from you prior to the material changes being implemented.

Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy. We hope that you enjoy the Site. If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact us at:

ALFY, Inc.  
589 Eighth Avenue, 9th Floor  
New York, NY 10018  
Telephone: (212) 968-0600  
Fax: (212) 629-5790   
email: [info@ALFY.com](mailto:info@ALFY.com)

Regards,  
You friends at ALFY, Inc. 
