> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the olympiadsuccess.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170328013631id_/https%3A//www.olympiadsuccess.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Olympiad Success understands that privacy is an important issue for visitors to the website [www.OlympiadSuccess.com](http://www.olympiadsuccess.com/). This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Loyalty Square Analytic Solutions Private Limited, Olympiad Success, www.OlympiadSuccess.com or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies. The following information is designed to help visitors understand what information we gather from our site, and how we handle the information once we gather it.

**Information Collection and Use**  
Olympiad collects personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") such as your full name, email address, mailing address or telephone number, etc. only in order to create or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect this information from you, it is because you voluntarily submit the information to us in order to access tests, blogs, contests, surveys, forums, subscription registrations or bulletin boards, in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information. We may also obtain Personal Information from third parties.

**Cookies**  
Cookies are small bits of information that the Olympiad Success website place on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on our site and enable Olympiad Success to make your visits to our site more enjoyable. For example, cookies can store your password for easy logon to a site you have previously visited, can save your preferences for a personalized home page. Information about your activities on Olympiad Success site and other non-personally identifiable information about you may also be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests.

Third party advertisements displayed on Olympiad Success’s sites may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. Olympiad Success does not control these advertiser cookies, and visitors to our web site should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.

Olympiad Success may use cookies and similar tools to relate your use of our web site to Personal Information obtained from you or a reputable third party. For example, if you’ve asked us to provide you information about our upcoming articles or promotions, cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on Olympiad Success web site may allow us to limit the materials we provide you to items we think you will find interesting, based on your prior online activities and preferences.

You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, without cookies you will not have access to certain features on Olympiad Success's web site.

At the time you provide your Personal Information, Olympiad Success will notify you of your options regarding our use of Personal Information, including whether we will share it with outside companies (See “Choice” below). This Policy describes the types of other companies that may want to send you information about their products and services and therefore may want to share your personal information, provided you have given Olympiad Success permission to do so (see "Use" below).

Olympiad Success's web site may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a Olympiad Success logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Olympiad Success. Olympiad Success's website may also carry advertisements from other companies. Olympiad Success is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site or for the privacy practices of third party or Internet advertising companies. Once you’ve left a Olympiad Success site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any Personal Information they collect from you.

**CHOICE** : Olympiad Success will provide you with choices about the use of your personal information. Olympiad Success will not use the Personal Information you provide to us for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted or share your Personal Information with third parties that are not affiliated with Olympiad Success. **OPT-OUT** : Olympiad Success considers opt-out requests very seriously. All unsubscribe or opt-out requests should be sent to us at unsubscribe@olympiad.com and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. However, we are not responsible for, and in some cases we are incapable of, removing your personally identifiable information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or your consent.  You should contact such third parties directly. If you would like to update or correct any personally identifiable information that you have provided to us, please email us at unsubscribe@olympiad.com and once we confirm your information, we will update such information within a reasonable amount of time.

**USE** : Olympiad Success’s use of personal information. Olympiad Success will use your Personal Information provided under this Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If Olympiad Success obtains Personal Information from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is governed by this Policy.

Olympiad Success may share your Personal Information with companies that are affiliated with us. Olympiad Success may also share your Personal Information with advertisers and business partners that are not affiliated with Olympiad Success, but would like to send you information about their products and services.

Olympiad Success may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows Olympiad Success to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on our websites. Your non-Personal Information and click stream data about your activities on our sites may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies will not share your information with any third party or use it for any other purposes. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with Olympiad Success’s advertisers and business partners.

**Changes to Olympiad Success's Internet Privacy Policy**  
Olympiad Success may, from time to time, make changes to this policy. We recommend that visitors to this site re-visit this privacy policy on every occasion to learn of new privacy practices or changes to our policy.

**How to contact Olympiad Success about this Privacy Policy**  
If site visitors have any questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Policy, or want to let us know what they think about any of our offerings and services, they can do so by sending an email to us at [webmaster@OlympiadSuccess.com](mailto:webmaster@OlympiadSuccess.com)
