> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goaliemonkey.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523221417id_/http%3A//www.goaliemonkey.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GoalieMonkey.com - #1 Online Hockey Goalie Equipment Store Privacy Policy

**Credit Card Security  
****We guarantee that you will be able to use your credit card securely while shopping at GoalieMonkey.com.** Yahoo! Shopping uses the latest browser encryption technologies, which provides the highest level of security currently available and insures secure transactions. All important and private financial & personal information is encrypted before it is transmitted to us. Encrypted personal information can not be read or recorded as it is being transmitted over the internet. **Goalie Monkey Privacy Policy**  
At Goalie Monkey.com, your privacy is a top priority.  Our only goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our services.     
**  
** When you shop on our site, we collect personal information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment types.  
  
We do not sell or rent your personal information to others. We use customer information we collect only for the purposes of filling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information (only if requested), enhancing the operation of our site, for statistical purposes and to administer our systems. We may use third parties to help us fulfill orders, to help process payments, to provide customer service, to serve site content, help administer promotional emails, and to administer drawings or contests. We give them access to the information needed to do their job. Sometimes that includes your personal information. Our computer system protects personal information using advanced firewall technology.  **We will not provide, rent, or make available in any way, customer information to any party outside of Goalie Monkey.** Customer order information, credit card information and phone numbers are used to process the orders only.  
**  
Yahoo! Shopping Privacy Policy**  
Homerun Monkey is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. **Yahoo! Shopping is a TRUST-e certified, meaning that an outside body has certified that Yahoo! Shopping does not improperly use any personal information collected from customers while online.** Please see the [ Yahoo! Privacy Policy](http://privacy.yahoo.com/privacy/us/) for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information.
