> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adp.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120612040550id_/http%3A//www.adp.ca/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | ADP Canada

### ADP Canada Co. (“ADP Canada”) believes that privacy is important to the success and use of the Internet. This Website Privacy Statement (“Statement”) describes how ADP Canada collects, protects, uses and shares information gathered about you on the ADP Canada Website (the “ADP Canada Site”).

### What is personal information?

“Personal information” generally refers to any information about an identifiable individual.

### To what personal information does this Statement apply?

This Statement applies only to personal information collected through the ADP Canada Site.

### How and why do we collect your personal information via the ADP Canada Site?

ADP Canada collects personal information from you through the ADP Canada Site only for the purposes that ADP Canada identifies to you in a consent statement, which ADP Canada will provide to you at or prior to the time ADP Canada collects such information from you, unless ADP Canada is permitted or required by law to collect such information without your consent. The consent statement will explain to you (i) the nature of the information ADP Canada will seek to collect, (ii) the purposes for which ADP Canada may use and disclose the information, (iii) the types of organizations with whom ADP Canada may share the information, and (iv) the manner in which you may access and correct or update the information. ADP Canada will always collect your personal information by fair and lawful means, and will not seek to collect more personal information from you than is necessary in order to fulfill the purpose(s) ADP Canada identifies to you.

### Does the ADP Canada Site collect personal information from you using technology?

The ADP Canada Site collects information from you using technology, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. Specifically, ADP Canada uses cookies (small strings of text that are stored on your computer) to collect information about how you enter (e.g. through a link from a 3rd party site) and navigate the ADP Canada Site, and what information was of interest to you. ADP Canada uses this knowledge to improve the information and services ADP Canada’s offer on the ADP Canada Site. In general, the cookies ADP Canada uses do not identify you by name. Instead, the cookies ADP Canada uses identify each visitor by the number associated with the computer or device they use to access the Internet (i.e., the Internet Protocol (IP) Address). Such cookies cannot retrieve any other information from your hard drive or obtain your email address without your knowledge. ADP Canada may also make use of memory-based cookies to assist in authenticating you as a registered user of certain ADP Canada web applications. If you are a registered user (meaning that you have a user ID and password to access one of ADP Canada’s web applications), ADP Canada may use memory-based cookies to remember any preferences you set during a previous use of the application in order to provide you with more direct services based on these preferences when you use the application in the future.

### Do you have to disclose personal information to us to use the ADP Canada Site? 

ADP Canada generally does not require you to disclose your personal information to ADP Canada in order to access, to surf or to view the content on the ADP Canada Site. You can always choose not to provide your personal information to ADP Canada, although this may prevent ADP Canada from fulfilling a particular transaction that you have requested. For example, ADP Canada cannot contact you to provide you with information you have requested if you refuse to provide ADP Canada with your contact information. You can also configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is placed on your browser. Use the “help” feature of your browser to obtain more information about these options. Please note, however, that if you choose to reject all cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the features of the ADP Canada Site, such as any ADP Canada web services that require registration. Many features on the ADP Canada Site, however, do not require that you accept cookies. 

### With whom will ADP Canada share your personal information?

ADP Canada does not sell or rent the personal information collected through the ADP Canada Site to any third party to use or disclose for its own marketing purposes. ADP Canada may share this information with service providers that ADP Canada has contracted with to perform services on its behalf, such as data storage, data processing and information technology support, but these service providers are contractually required by ADP Canada not to use or disclose this information except as necessary to perform services on ADP Canada’s behalf or to comply with legal requirements. ADP Canada may also share this information in circumstances where ADP Canada holds a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect and defend ADP Canada’s rights or property; or (c) act to protect the safety and security of ADP Canada’s guests and the ADP Canada Site.

### Will my personal information be accessible outside of Canada?

ADP Canada may, only for the purposes identified in this Statement, transfer and permit access to your personal information collected through the ADP Canada Site outside of Canada. As a result, your personal information may be subject to the laws of such jurisdictions and may be accessible to the courts and law enforcement authorities of those jurisdictions. ADP Canada will always protect the privacy and security of your personal information, regardless of where it is processed or stored.

### How can you access and update or correct your personal information?

Unless ADP Canada is permitted or required by law to prohibit access, you may view and, if necessary, update or correct the personal information ADP Canada holds about you by contacting ADP Canada in the manner set out at the end of this Statement. ADP Canada will respond to your request within the time limit set out by the applicable privacy legislation and, if applicable, will provide you with an estimate of the of the cost to you associated with administering and responding to your request. ADP Canada will retain the personal information you submit to ADP Canada for a period long enough to provide you with a reasonable opportunity to exercise your access rights. In any event, if ADP Canada uses the personal information you submit to ADP Canada to make a decision about you, ADP Canada will retain such personal information for a period of at least one year following such use. Links and Disclaimer of Linked Sites Please note that once you have clicked on a link on the ADP Canada Site, you may be leaving the ADP Canada Site and entering a site that is not under ADP Canada’s control, and to which this Statement does not apply. While ADP Canada seeks to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, ADP Canada strongly recommends that you read the website privacy notice, if any, associated with each linked site to learn how the personal information you submit through that site will be handled by the responsible organization, and whether or not the site uses cookie technology.

### What type of security does ADP Canada provide for your personal information?

The security of the personal information collected through the ADP Canada Site is of utmost importance to ADP Canada. We have implemented technical, contractual, administrative and physical security measures to protect the personal information collected from you on the ADP Canada Site with a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information collected. This may include, among other things, using industry standard techniques such as firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection and site monitoring. Internally, ADP Canada restricts access to your personal information to employees and service providers who need access to this information in order to fulfill the purposes identified to you at the time of collection, or who are permitted by law to have such access. These employees and service providers are limited in number, and are committed to, and have agreed to be bound by, ADP Canada’s high standards of privacy protection. If you are using an ADP Canada web program for which you registered and chose a password, we strongly recommend that you do not reveal your password to anyone. Please note that ADP Canada will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. In addition, please remember to sign out of the program for which you registered and to close your browser window when you have finished your work, in order to help ensure that other individuals with access to your computer cannot view and retrieve your personal information. ADP Canada will review and amend our security measures periodically, as ADP Canada deems appropriate. 

### Who do I contact with questions or concerns about this Statement?

If you need further assistance, please contact the ADP Canada Privacy Officer either by writing to us at ADP Canada, 3250 Bloor Street West, 16th Floor, Etobicoke, Ontario, M8X 2X9, Attention: Privacy Officer, or by [clicking here](mailto:canada_privacyofficer@adp.com) to submit your inquiry to our Privacy Officer via email. 
