> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gowatchit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151226115422id_/http%3A//gowatchit.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | GoWatchIt

## **PRIVACY POLICY**

EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 24, 2015

Plexus Entertainment, LLC (“Plexus”) is committed to protecting your privacy. Plexus operates a website located at [www.gowatchit.com](http://www.gowatchit.com/) as well as device and platform-specific applications ("Apps") and also powers functionality on title-specific microsites and similar assets hosted by us and third-party properties which can be identified by “Powered by GoWatchIt” or other similar branding (collectively, “GoWatchIt”). As used herein, the words “user,” “you” and “your” mean users of GoWatchIt and the words “we,” “us” and “our” mean Plexus.

This Privacy Policy, in conjunction with our [Terms of Use](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms), sets out the information about you and your activities that we or others collect, gather or otherwise receive when you use GoWatchIt and how we use and protect such information. We take reasonable steps to protect your information, including your personally identifiable information (“PII”), and respect your privacy options. We will use this information only in accordance with the policies you see here and applicable laws.

**WHEN YOU ACCESS OR USE GOWATCHIT, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING THE MANNER IN WHICH WE USE YOUR PII, WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE A[REGISTERED GOWATCHIT USER](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#registration). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY STOP USING GOWATCHIT.**

We reserve the right to modify or update the Privacy Policy at any time, with or without prior notice to you, for any reason including, without limitation, as laws and technologies change or we add or discontinue certain services or practices. Any such changes to the Privacy Policy will supersede and replace any previous Privacy Policy effective immediately upon posting to this page. We suggest that you periodically review the Privacy Policy as posted here for any changes. Your continued use of GoWatchIt after the posting of revisions to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

**Table of Contents**

**What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Obtain?**

Personally identifiable information is information that can be used to identify a person (such as name, address, date of birth, mobile phone number or e-mail address). When you create a GoWatchIt [Account](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#account) and/or when you enter or edit your “Basic Information” in the preferences associated with your Account (“Preferences”) _you give us_ some or all of your name, date of birth, mobile phone number, e-mail address, and Twitter user name. You have control over the Basic Information you provide to us and may update it at any time. If you create an Account through **social media** service functionality such as Facebook Connect or subsequently associate your Account with one or more social media accounts, you are authorizing the relevant social media service to share certain information about you with us, most likely including your user ID and/or e-mail address, depending on your account settings with them. _You also give us_ your e-mail address or mobile phone number when you set an alert to receive e-mail or text (including SMS and MMS) Notifications regarding movies or TV shows in which you are interested. Information _your device, browser or operating system gives us_ such as your IP address or device ID may also be considered PII in certain jurisdictions.

Certain information that might be considered non-personally identifiable information (as described below) on its own may be considered PII when associated with information that identifies you as a person. This includes any of the Basic Information in your Preferences, such as your zip code, gender, cable provider and preferred services for viewing or purchasing movies and TV shows. It also includes, but is not limited to, the names of movies and TV shows you add to your personal GoWatchIt user queue (“User Queue”) or for which you otherwise set alerts and your ratings of movies and TV shows. We will never share your PII with third-parties without your explicit consent or as otherwise described herein.

**What Non-Personally Identifiable Information Do We Obtain?**

Non-personally identifiable information is information that cannot be directly associated with you. For example, we may detect or you may give us your zip code (and cable provider) so that we can provide you with tailored information, such as nearby theaters showing a movie in which you are interested, or the air date, time and channel for a linear TV show you want to watch on your cable service. When you interact with GoWatchIt, we may also note what movies and TV shows you search for, what movie- and TV show-specific and other webpages you visit, and which trailers you watch or service affiliates (e.g., Netflix, VUDU, et. al.) you link to for given movies and TV shows, ostensibly to watch or purchase. We may also automatically collect certain information from your device, browser or operating system such as your IP address (which we consider non-personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy), operating system and browser type, as well as the webpages you view right before arriving at, while on, or that you go to from GoWatchIt. While this information is often anonymous, to the extent we associate any of it with a user, such information is considered PII, as discussed above, and will be treated as such in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that we may combine any or all of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Having said all of that, the operators of certain Third-Party Sites may anonymize the information we collect from GoWatchIt deployments on their properties, including by complete blockage of your IP address. In instances where we do collect your IP address, we anonymize it before associating it with your profile in a manner that limits its utility beyond our needs to isolate and analyze service issues, and to identify activity derived from bots and crawlers.

We collect, gather and receive information about your activities on GoWatchIt, including on [Third-Party Sites](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#third-party), in several ways. Among others, this may include (i) the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, (ii) our own widget code on Third-Party Sites and (iii) GoWatchIt serving as a link redirector with respect to inbound links and outbound links to service affiliates, in both cases from GoWatchIt.

**How We Use Your Information**

By providing us with your PII and other information, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. You understand and agree that Plexus is the owner of the information it collects, including your PII. We may use this information for any purpose relating to our business, subject to this Privacy Policy. This includes, for example, responding to your requests to provide you with Notifications relating to specific movies and TV shows and the provision of theatrical showtimes, linear TV airing information and other viewing alternatives tailored to your location or other preferences. It also includes the dissemination of other direct communications to you, including our newsletter and other offers which we believe may be of interest to you, subject in all cases to your ability to opt-out of such communications. More generally, the information we collect about you, your interests, and your activities helps us to improve GoWatchIt and deliver a better and more personalized service to you by enabling us to customize GoWatchIt according to your individual interests, estimate our audience size and usage patterns, speed up your searches, and recognize you wherever you encounter GoWatchIt. Because we want to help **GoWatchIt Partners** and others better understand how users in general interact with GoWatchIt, we may share anonymous aggregated data with others, but we will never sell your PII or provide your information to others in a manner that can be used to identify you except as described below. If you do not want your PII or other information used or disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, PLEASE STOP USING GOWATCHIT, TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT AND, IF APPLICABLE, UNLINK GOWATCHIT FROM YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS.

_We may disclose_ your information, including PII, to the following third-parties in the following circumstances:

  * **_Processors and Service Providers:_** We may disclose information, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, to our contractors and certain other vendors or suppliers who process data on our behalf or assist us in the day to day operation of our services, including analytics vendors and our e-mail and text messaging service providers. We require such parties use our PII only for the purposes for which it was collected and disclosed. Service providers also include third-parties that help us manage and use anonymous data collected by way of via cookies, web beacons and other technologies.
  * **_GoWatchIt Partners:_** We may disclose information about you and your activities collected in conjunction with your use of GoWatchIt to the parties responsible for the deployments of GoWatchIt functionality giving rise to such information (“GoWatchIt Partners”). Please note that the relevant GoWatchIt Partner with respect to GoWatchIt functionality on a particular property may not be the owner or operator of such property but rather may be a studio, distributor or similar entity with rights to a movie or TV show they are promoting on such property using GoWatchIt functionality. Specifically, information we disclose to GoWatchIt Partners may relate to your activities: 
    * On third-party properties from which aspects of GoWatchIt functionality can be accessed, as identified by “Powered by GoWatchIt” or other similar branding (“[Third-Party Sites](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#third-party)”).
    * On webpages at www.gowatchit.com or similar App destinations, Microsites, or Third-Party Sites to which you are directed when you click inbound links deployed by such GoWatchIt Partners.
    * From Notifications as well as from ad hoc offers and promotions, in both cases when such communications are sent by us on behalf of our studio, distributor or other partners and are clearly marked as a message from such GoWatchIt Partner (“Direct Messages”).
    * From Notifications we send to you or from your personal User Queue but only with respect to movies and TV shows that you add to your personal User Queue or for which you otherwise set alerts from Third-Party Sites, inbound links and Direct Messages as described above. 

The information, including PII, we may disclose pursuant to the above includes i) information you explicitly provide, such as when you register for an [Account](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#account) from a Third-Party Site or Microsite or you set an alert for a movie or TV show, including by way of providing your e-mail address or mobile phone number and ii) information we can attribute to you when you are identifiable, including when you are logged-in to GoWatchIt or are interacting with Direct Messages or other Notifications.

We provide information to GoWatchIt Partners to help them better understand their own users’ interests and develop their own direct relationships with you. GoWatchIt Partners may use your information, including PII, in accordance with their respective privacy policies including to directly market to you, or they may further share your information. If you (i) are uncomfortable with the manner in which we share your information with GoWatchIt Partners for any reason, including because you are unable to identify the relevant GoWatchIt Partner or to locate the relevant GoWatchIt Partner’s privacy policy or (ii) do not agree with a GoWatchIt Partner’s privacy policy for any reason, please do not interact with GoWatchIt on Third-Party Sites, on www.gowatchit.com, GoWatchIt Apps or Microsites from inbound links or from Direct Messages.

  * **_Social Networking Services_ :** When you opt to use GoWatchIt with social media services, such as Facebook and Twitter, you may instruct us to share information about you and your activities on GoWatchIt with these services and other of their users. For more information about how and under what circumstances we may share your GoWatchIt activity with and via social media services, please click here.
  * **_Other_ :** Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Plexus reserves the right to disclose any PII or other data about you (i) if required to do so by court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (ii) with respect to notices and counter-notices pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures; (iii) if we believe that such action is necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use; and/or (iv) to protect or defend the rights, property, or safety of Plexus, our users or others.



**Who Else Might Have Access to Your Information on GoWatchIt**

As you interact with GoWatchIt, certain other third-parties may directly receive information about you and your activities. While we make sure these third-parties do not get any of your PII from us without your consent, they may be able to combine information they collect from you regarding your activities on GoWatchIt with other information, including PII, they have with respect to you. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third-parties with regard to the information they directly collect from you, and we recommend you read any of these third-party’s privacy policies to learn more about their practices. Such third-parties may include:

  * **_Third-Party Sites_ :** As discussed, GoWatchIt functionality may be provided through [Third-Party Sites](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#third-party). This includes official movie studio or film distributor assets, TV network or service provider assets, social media, media properties and others including those that contain advertisements incorporating GoWatchIt functionality. These Third-Party Sites may directly monitor your activity on their properties or provide access for others to do so. In addition, we provide the ability for GoWatchIt Partners to include cookies, web beacons and other technologies in their deployments of GoWatchIt on Third-Party Sites, including, but not limited to those owned or operated by them, as well as in title-specific microsites and similar assets hosted by us but configured by them or on their behalf (“Microsites”) and accessed by way of inbound links. 
  * **_Linked Sites_ :** We may provide _outbound links_ to service affiliates, advertisers or other web destinations (“Linked Sites”). GoWatchIt also provides certain GoWatchIt Partners with _inbound links_ for their use in social media, advertisements, trailers, and other marketing activities which, when clicked, direct you to a specific webpage at www.gowatchit.com or a similar App destination, a Microsite, a Third-Party Site or directly to a service affiliate (the locations where these links are placed are also considered Linked Sites). In order to deliver what you request, Linked Sites will have access to information about you and your activities including, but not limited to, your IP address, device ID and operating system, as well as the referring URL on which the relevant link appeared and the URL to which you are sent, either of which may relate directly to a specific movie or television show. In the case of links to service affiliates, this information will necessarily include the name of the specific movie or TV show in which you are interested. Please be aware that GoWatchIt will not warn you when you click through to another website from GoWatchIt. Please note that any services through which links are facilitated may also have access to similar information as described above. For example, if you see a link that starts with bit.ly, the link has been shortened and is being redirected through a third-party service called bitly.
  * **_Other service providers_ :** GoWatchIt may provide you with direct access to functionality from other third-parties, including: social media services such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Google+ and others; trailer providers such as YouTube and others; and advertisers and advertising service providers. The placement of social media widgets, trailer players, or advertising units on GoWatchIt may permit these third-parties to see information about you and your activities via cookies, web beacons and other technologies they place and/or access on your browser or device, even if you do not interact with them. We also utilize Google Analytics for certain reporting data which similarly accesses non-personally identifiable information via these technologies.



If you are an [Account User](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#account-user), you may provide movie reviews and create themed lists of movies, which are displayed for public consumption. We may offer chat rooms, message boards, bulletin boards or similar public forums where you and other users can communicate with each other. We consider all of the foregoing to be “User Generated Material” and the protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide [User Generated Material](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#user-material) in connection with your use of GoWatchIt. Please note that your user name will be used to identify you with respect to User Generated Material. **User Generated Material and any other information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone** , including third-parties who do not adhere to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you publicly post or share through GoWatchIt. Additionally, to the extent you choose to make your User Queue public in your Preferences, third-parties may be able to see which movies and TV shows you have saved to your User Queue, which movies and TV shows you have moved to your “Watched List,” as well as any ratings you have assigned to movies and TV shows in your User Queue or Watched List. Specifically, when using Facebook Connect, other of your friends similarly using Facebook Connect in conjunction with their Accounts will be able to see a thumbnail identifying you next to any movies or TV shows that are commonly in your User Queues or Watched Lists. When they click on your thumbnail, they will have full visibility of your User Queue and Watched List. Additionally, you may choose to share the URL for your User Queue and Watched List, or each can be accessed by anyone who knows the relevant URL scheme and your GoWatchIt user name. If you do not want your User Queue and Watched List to be accessible by third-parties in any of the ways just described, please make sure it is marked private in your Preferences.

**Cookies, Web Beacons, Pixels and Other Ways We Optimize Your Experience**

Plexus and some of our service providers, advertisers and other third-parties may use a variety of technologies to learn more about how you use the Internet and GoWatchIt, as described below.

  * **_A cookie_** is a small string of data sent by GoWatchIt that is stored in your computer's Internet browser and provided back to GoWatchIt each time you interact with GoWatchIt to uniquely identify your browser. Cookies do not convey PII about you; they provide anonymous information to us regarding how you use GoWatchIt. We may use session cookies, which are temporary cookies that disappear after you close your browser and/or persistent cookies, which remain on your hard drive after you close your browser and are reloaded when you open a new browser session. In general, cookies can save your session information so you do not need to log-in again to GoWatchIt once you have already done so, and they can make GoWatchIt load faster and more enjoyable to use. We also use cookies for other specific purposes which include, among others: 
    * Session cookies help us compile anonymous data about you and your activities on GoWatchIt to help us and third-parties understand activity on GoWatchIt. For example, we may use data from cookies to tell a specific GoWatchIt Partner how many times information about a particular movie was viewed on its site, or how many times users clicked to watch or purchase a movie when such information was viewed. This information can help them better understand their own users’ interests and the utility of their service so that they can make improvements for your as well as their benefit.
    * Session cookies help us better gauge the relative effectiveness of GoWatchIt Partners’ marketing activities, such as those of our studio and distributor partners. For example, we may be able to determine which inbound links to a particular webpage containing GoWatchIt functionality drove subsequent interactions with GoWatchIt functionality such as additions to User Queues / alerts set and clicks on service affiliate links.
    * Persistent cookies can help us better understand your viewing interests and preferences to help us pick the right ads, movies or TV shows to display to you on GoWatchIt or elsewhere. Please note that certain Third-Party Sites may require us to block our access to information from persistent cookies.

**You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, disabling cookies may make certain GoWatchIt features unavailable or not function optimally.** We recommend you keep cookies enabled.

  * **_A Web Beacon_ ,** also called a single-pixel (1x1), clear GIF, or pixel tag, is an electronic image embedded in a webpage or HTML-based e-mail. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and the webpage where the beacon is placed. _No PII is detected by web beacons_ , but they can help us track online usage patterns of our users and gauge the effectiveness of our activities _anonymously_ by, among other things, enabling us to see whether particular webpages are viewed or e-mails are opened by recipients. While you may not decline web beacons, you may render some web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies. But, like we said, **if you disable the cookies associated with a beacon, some services may not function properly.**
  * **_Other Technologies_**. GoWatchIt and its service providers, advertisers, and other third-parties, may use other kinds of local storage, such as “flash cookies”, authentication tokens, and HTML5 local storage. Like cookies, these technologies are stored on your computer, albeit in different parts of your device, and perform similar functions. They can also be used to store certain information about your preferences. Your Internet browser may allow you to disable HTML5 or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage by changing your browser setting. **Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the GoWatchIt**.



As discussed previously, some providers of social media widgets, trailer players or advertising units on GoWatchIt may also place and use session or persistent cookies in your Internet browser and/or contain web beacons or similar technologies. We also enable GoWatchIt Partners to include such functionality in their deployments of GoWatchIt on Third-Party Sites as well as in Microsites. These providers and GoWatchIt Partners may gather browser information including IP address, device ID and operating system, as well as the URLs of the webpages visited or from which trailers are viewed, which may include or enable them to infer the titles of the relevant movies or TV shows, and whether or not, how and where you engage with GoWatchIt functionality. These third-parties may use this information to provide you with relevant advertisements or other content, measure the effectiveness of their activities, or otherwise pursue their own business or service goals. Once a cookie is placed by such third-parties, we may have no access to or control over them. For information about how to manage the manner in which the information collected by cookies, web beacons and pixels can be used by third-parties, please click here. 

**Social Media and GoWatchIt**

_Linking accounts_

When you create an Account via Facebook Connect or similar functionality from another social media service or subsequently associate your Account with your Facebook or other social media accounts, you authorize Plexus and the relevant social media service to share certain information about you. For example, in the case of Facebook Connect, we receive your Facebook ID and, depending on your Facebook settings, we may receive your e-mail address and certain other information in your public Facebook profile including your name, zip code and gender as well as the list of all your Facebook friends which we use to show common movies in your public User Queue and Watched List.

_Sharing on Social Media_

You may choose to share information about your activities on GoWatchIt with Facebook users, your Twitter followers or other social media connections, including publishing to these platforms, among other information, which movies or TV shows (i) you add to your User Queue, (ii) for which you click on a service affiliate link, ostensibly to watch or purchase or (iii) you review or rate. Generally, this sharing can happen in one of two ways. First, if you link your Account with a social media account, you can specify in your Preferences what information you want to be automatically shared with the social media service. Please note that GoWatchIt will only share information via social media services in the manner and to the extent displayed in your preferences. Be advised, however, that you may be consenting to the continuous release of information about you and your interests and activities on GoWatchIt to others in accordance with your Account settings. If you do not want this information shared in this manner, please adjust your Preferences and change your settings on the relevant social media service. Second, you may click on a social media share button on GoWatchIt which generates a pre-populated message related to a particular movie or TV show which you can edit as desired prior to submitting it for publication on the relevant social media service. Facebook and Twitter may make the information you share visible to Facebook users or your Twitter followers in accordance with applicable law, the [Facebook Data Use Policy](https://www.facebook.com/policy.php), your Facebook privacy settings, the [Twitter Privacy Policy](https://twitter.com/privacy), and your Twitter privacy settings and any other social media services will similarly make such information available in accordance with their own privacy policies and your account settings thereon as applicable. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of and your account settings on all social media services you use before sharing your GoWatchIt activities on their platforms.

**What Anonymous Aggregated Data Is**

We may organize certain of the information we collect, gather or otherwise receive, excluding certain data elements which can be used to identify individuals, for particular uses. Specifically, we may remove data elements, such as device identifier, e-mail address, or other PII as previously defined, and summarize or aggregate the remaining information in order to analyze web traffic trends, preferences and activity across GoWatchIt (“operational data”). The resulting operational data is no longer considered PII. This operational data may be published or shared by Plexus with various third-parties. If you do not consent to anonymous operational data being shared as described herein, your only remedy is to discontinue using GoWatchIt.

**Interest-Based Advertising & Choices**

GoWatchIt Partners and Third-Party Sites may partner with various third party ad networks and suppliers (“Ad Suppliers”) in order to deliver ads on their behalf across the Internet. These Ad Suppliers may collect, use, and transfer information about your visits to GoWatchIt, as well as from other websites across the Internet, over time to infer your preferences and to deliver ads that are more relevant to your interests on behalf of their partners across the Internet. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising. If you would like to learn more about interest-based advertising, or opt-out of this practice for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), please visit the DAA Consumer Choice Page at [www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). Additionally, GoWatchIt adheres to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles. 

**How and When We May Contact You**

  * We may occasionally contact you directly, including via e-mail. Specifically, we may send you: 
    * Information about movies and TV shows you have added to your personal User Queue or for which you have otherwise set alerts (“Notifications”). Notifications may include new viewing or purchase availabilities. Notifications may also include promotional material or offers sent on behalf of studios, distributors or similar entities associated with the relevant movies or TV shows.
    * Periodic GoWatchIt newsletters, if you are an Account User.
    * Ad hoc offers and promotions, including on behalf of our studio, distributor or other partners. 

Any Notifications or ad hoc offers and promotions sent on behalf of our studio, distributor or other partners are considered Direct Messages and are clearly marked as messages from such partners. You can opt-out of receiving any e-mail communications from us by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of any e-mail we send you. If you are an Account User you may also opt-out of or reinstate receipt of any particular form of e-mail communication from us by updating your Preferences. Account Users may also suspend or reinstate e-mail Notifications related to individual movies or TV shows via a toggle next to each title in their User Queues. Please note that we may also private label Notifications for certain GoWatchIt Partners. In such instances, Notifications relating to movies and TV shows added to personal User Queues, or for which alerts are otherwise set from the relevant Third-Party Site, will be stylized and branded for such Third-Party Site or GoWatchIt Partner, as applicable, but will include “Powered by GoWatchIt” attribution.

  * We may send you Notifications via [text message](http://gowatchit.com/pages/terms#messaging) in response to your requests to receive them **.** You may opt-out of receiving any future text messages from us at any time by texting the keyword STOP to short code 66555.
  * Plexus reserves the right to contact you via e-mail and to use your PII in order to respond to a question, comment, or other communication that you may have initiated with us, including but not limited to questions related to this Privacy Policy, and any comment or review you have posted on GoWatchIt or in social media. We may also retain a copy of your questions or comments for future reference. We may also periodically contact you to advise you of an update to the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use or in relation to customer service issues.



**A Special Note About Kids**

GoWatchIt.com is a general audience website that is not directed to children. We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Plexus does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. Plexus is not responsible for independently verifying the age of each of its users. Should you, as a user’s parent or legal guardian, become aware that a user who is under the age of 13 has provided Plexus with PII, please notify us immediately by e-mail at [privacy@gowatchit.com](mailto:privacy@gowatchit.com) or by mail at Plexus Entertainment, ATTN: GoWatchIt Privacy Department, 37 W 17th Street, Suite 3W, New York, NY 10011. Plexus will make reasonable attempts to verify the information provided to us by the parent or guardian is accurate, and if it is determined the user is under the age of 13 the Account will be disabled and any gathered information will be deleted from our records.

**How We Protect Your Information**

Plexus takes reasonable administrative and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your PII from accidental loss or unauthorized access, disclosure, or use. This may include using technologies such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and may include one or more firewalls designed to block access from outside our network. Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers in any country where we do business. Although Plexus strives to protect your PII and privacy, no security method or firewall can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error, and we therefore expressly disclaim responsibility and/or liability for the loss, theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your PII. In the unfortunate event that your PII is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail, at the last e-mail address you have provided to us, in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances and as required under law. Delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the GoWatchIt system, as well as at the legitimate request of law enforcement should it be determined that such notification would impede a criminal investigation.

**How You Can Access or Correct Your Information**

If you are an Account User, you can log-in to your Account at any time to see what personally identifiable information you have provided to us in your Preferences. You may update such information at any time. If you have questions about your information, feel free to e-mail us at [privacy@gowatchit.com](mailto:privacy@gowatchit.com) or contact us by mail at Plexus Entertainment, ATTN: GoWatchIt Privacy Department, 37 W 17th Street, Suite 3W, New York, NY 10011. We will take reasonable efforts to respond in a timely manner.

**Terminating Your Account**

You may terminate your Account at any time by sending an e-mail to [support@gowatchit.com](mailto:support@gowatchit.com) with “Cancel Account” in the subject line. Following termination, with the possible exception of requested text Notifications, you will not receive any further communications from us. Please allow 48 hours for termination to take effect. Please also unlink GoWatchIt from your social media accounts. Any user without an Account who has set alerts to receive Notifications for one or more movies or TV shows will be deemed to have deactivated their relationship with us if they have not set any alerts to receive Notifications for a period of twelve months.

It is Plexus policy to retain your PII for one year after your Account has been canceled or deactivated. This enables you to re-activate your account without losing your Preferences and other information relating to movies and TV shows. In accordance with the law, we may retain anonymous data perpetually.

Please note that Accounts remain active unless affirmatively terminated by the user. Continued use of GoWatchIt constitutes permission to continue gathering, aggregating, storing and sharing your PII and other information as described herein.

**How to Contact Us with Questions or Concerns**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at [privacy@gowatchit.com](mailto:privacy@gowatchit.com) or contact us by mail at Plexus Entertainment, ATTN: GoWatchIt Privacy Department, 37 W 17th Street, Suite 3W, New York, NY 10011.

**Legal Notices**

**CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS** : If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: (i) information identifying any third-party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed, within the past year, PII for that company's direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a description of the categories of PII disclosed. To obtain such information, please e-mail your request to [privacy@gowatchIt.com](mailto:privacy@gowatchIt.com) or mail your request to Plexus Entertainment, ATTN: GoWatchIt Privacy Department, 37 W 17th Street, Suite 3W, New York, NY 10011.

**INTERNATIONAL USERS:** GoWatchIt is an online video service based in the United States, with our servers and offices headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of GoWatchIt may be processed and transferred to, and be subject to the laws of, the United States. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to similar laws in your country of residence. By using GoWatchIt, or by providing us with your PII, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and within the Untied States. If we detect IP addresses located in a country outside the United States, we reserve the right to deny access to any and all of our services.

**TRANSFER OF ASSETS**. We may transfer PII as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control. We may also use and disclose your PII to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets, including for the purposes of determining whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship or fulfilling any records or other reporting requirements to such parties. Other than to the extent use and disclosure is pursuant to a court order, we will require such parties and successors in interest to treat your PII in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to use and disclose it only for the purposes for which it was collected.
