> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the enchantedlearning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214173631id_/http%3A//www.enchantedlearning.com/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Enchanted Learning

  * Enchanted Learning does not track individual users as they visit our (non-members’) web site.
  * We do not require registration. However, some activities at the EnchantedLearning.com web site may be available only to members.
  * For those activities available only to members, we may request the e-mail address given when you joined (which must be the e-mail address of a person 18 years of age or older) or other verification of your membership. (If personally identifying information is submitted in a posting intended for a message board, that information will be deleted before the posting is placed on the web site. However, we do not currently offer any message boards.)
  * Access to our [members’ web site](http://members.enchantedlearning.com/) is available only to current members of Enchanted Learning (financial supporters). Entering your username and password is required to verify that access to the members’ site is authorized. Note that payment is required, and any personal information obtained (including possibly name, e-mail address, postal address, and/or telephone number) is from somebody 18 years or older who has made a payment. We will not release any such personal information to a third party, nor will we use it except in connection with your membership in Enchanted Learning. (If any personal information is from a child, a parent has the right to review it and delete it at any time. Our contact information is below.)
  * If you send us a question for which you would like a reply by e-mail, we will use your e-mail address only to respond to your question. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and we will not release it to any third party.
  * We do not currently offer a newsletter, although we have in the past. If you subscribe to an Enchanted Learning newsletter, we use your e-mail address only to e-mail the newsletter to you. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and we will not release it to any third party.
  * If you are under 13 and you would like to subscribe to our newsletter (which is currently not offered but which was intended primarily for parents and teachers), the request must be e-mailed to us by a parent, or we must be able to notify a parent by e-mail. At any time, a parent may write us to unsubscribe, of course, in which case the child’s e-mail address is deleted. (For the record, we do not collect any personally identifying information from children under 13 years old with the exception of e-mail addresses entered for a newsletter subscription.)
  * If you visit our store site and make a purchase, or if you purchase a membership to the site, we will not sell or otherwise provide any personal information (name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, etc.) to any other party. Such information is used only to fill your order. (You must be at least 18 years of age to make a purchase or a contribution.)
  * Some of our web pages have advertisements on them. No personally identifiable information (name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, etc.) is collected on our web site by or for an advertiser or any other third party. Neither we nor our advertisers serve behavioral or interest-based ads on our website.
  * We use Google as a vendor to serve ads on our website. Google generally uses its own cookies and a DoubleClick DART cookie to enable it to serve ads to users based on their prior visits to sites on the Internet, and Google generally uses information about your visits to websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. For more information, or to opt out of the use of the DoubleClick DART cookie, please [click here to visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy page](http://www.google.com/settings/ads). However, this is just general information; in fact, Enchanted Learning has selected Child-Directed Treatment under Google Webmaster Tools to prevent visit information from being transmitted to advertisers, and we have disabled interest-based and third-party (non-Google) advertising. The Enchanted Learning website is fully COPPA-compliant.
  * Parents have the right to review and delete any personal information collected from their child. (Our contact information appears below.)



E-mail [privacy@EnchantedLearning.com](mailto:privacy@EnchantedLearning.com) with any questions, comments, or requests. Or you can telephone us at (206) 232-4880, or contact us by U.S. mail at: Enchanted Learning, LLC, PO Box 799, Mercer Island, WA 98040-0799.

[ ](http://www.safesurf.com/) [ ](http://www.rsac.com/)
