> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myperfectcv.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190706124135id_/https%3A//www.myperfectcv.co.uk/information/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyPerfectCV Privacy Policy

Effective date: 25 May 2018

##### 1\. Scope and Consent

The Provider is an online destination that provides CV and covering letter building, career tests, salary information, and other products and services for individuals seeking to further their careers. We do not guarantee employment for any user of this Site. Nor do we guarantee that any employer will find qualified candidates through this Site. When you use the Site, you are contracting with the Provider. If you reside outside the United States, the Provider [Bold LLC, City View Plaza II 48 Road 165 Suite 6000 Guaynabo, Puerto Rico 00968] is your data controller. By using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.

##### 2\. Information that we collect

a) Registration, product and account information: You can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information (e.g. name, email address, phone number, mobile telephone number, credit card information or physical contact information) about yourself. If you register for an account with us, post a CV, create an email account using our platform or use some of our products and services (e.g. Site email account(s), CV Builder, CV-Check, CV Guide, Covering Letter Builder, Covering Letter Tips, My Perfect CV, CV Review, CV Writing, CV Services, Search Jobs), you choose to give us your Personal Information and are not anonymous to us. When you register an account or use certain products and services, create a profile, create a CV, search for or purchase products, create an email account on our Site or otherwise engage with our Site, you can provide certain Personal Information (e.g. username and email address). You can also provide payment information (e.g. credit or debit card information, name and billing address) to purchase products and services. Personal Information is only associated with your account/profile when you sign in as a registered user.

b) Information to respond to your requests: You can give us your Personal Information so that we can respond to your questions and requests, as well as send you newsletters and other communications that you request. Details of how you can opt out of receiving any communications from us are provided in the section headed Accessing, reviewing and changing your Personal Information

c) Social media information: We can offer sign-on services that allow you to use third-party login credentials to access the Site. We also can offer services that allow you to share information with third-party social media websites such as Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter and others.

When you link your account or engage with our Site through third-party social media sites, you understand that you are allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on these social media sites (e.g. your social networking credentials, your public profile, friends list, people you follow or who follow you, pictures, your email address, date of birth, work history, education history, interests, current city, religious and political views, website, personal description and likes, and your friends' dates of birth, education histories, personal descriptions and likes).

We can also receive other information (e.g. content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content that you have been shown or have clicked, etc.) from your interaction with our Site. You agree that we can share your video viewing with, or obtain information about your video viewing from, analytics providers and advertising partners, and third-party partners and social media sites, for two years or until you withdraw your consent.

The information to which we have access from third-party social services varies by service and is controlled by your privacy settings on that service and by your consent. Information that can be passed to analytics providers and advertising partners can be via cookies and tracking technology. Please see our [Cookies and Tracking Technology Policy](https://web.archive.org/information/cookie-tracking-policy.aspx) for information, including your choices in relation to some of this technology. By associating an account managed by a third party with your Provider account and authorising us to have access to this information, you agree that we can collect, use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

d) Information from other sources: The information that we collect can be combined with information from outside public records (e.g. demographic information, navigation information and additional contact information) that we have acquired in accordance with the law.

e) Mobile information: With your consent, we can collect additional information from you if you access our Site through a mobile device (e.g. your unique device identifier, device's operating system, mobile operator, location or GPS/geo-location, mobile number, your text messages, emails or email address, username, contacts/address book, financial or payment information, web browsing history, photos, your phone's name, passwords, political interests, sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, religious and philosophical beliefs, and trade union membership.

f) Technical usage information: When you visit our Site, we collect usage information sent to us by your computer, mobile or other access device that tells us how you are using the Site, including video viewing, site views, key-stroke data, mouse movement, scrolling, clicks and typing ('usage information'). We use tracking technology (including [cookies, flash cookies, unique device identifiers, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, e-tags/cache browsers and cross-device tracking](https://web.archive.org/information/cookie-tracking-policy.aspx#CTCookiesSection4)) to collect usage information. We can use tracking technology for a variety of purposes, including:

Operationally necessary We can use tracking technology required for systems administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping-basket functionality. We are not required to obtain your consent to tracking technology that is operationally necessary.

Performance related We can use cookies or other tracking technology to assess the performance of the online services, including as part of our analytics practices to improve the content offered through the online services. For example, as set forth in detail in our [Cookies and Tracking Technology Policy](https://web.archive.org/information/cookie-tracking-policy.aspx), we use [Google Analytics](https://web.archive.org/information/cookie-tracking-policy.aspx#CTPolicySection3) and [Inspectlet ](https://www.inspectlet.com/)to perform site analytics.

Functionality related We can use tracking technology to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Site before or if you are a new visitor, and to help us identify the features in which you have the greatest interest.

Targeting related We can use tracking technology to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our online service and third-party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content, as well as track the content that you access (including video viewing). Further information on this and your opting-out choices are shown below.

We can also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and/or connection information. During some visits, we can use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page-response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages and page-interaction information.

Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using the Site. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the Site or social media for up to two years or until your consent is withdrawn. To learn more about how we use tracking technology and cookies, please see Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.

g) Apply Tool Privacy Notice and information that we collect: We can automatically collect certain information (including Personal Information) from your device or web browser. We can automatically collect information from location storage associated with your web browser, including your browsing behaviour, for career searching activity. We can also automatically record your interaction with certain web pages by accessing local storage associated with your web browser. The Apply Tool was created to automatically interact with third-party websites, so we can also collect some non-personal data about you when you visit those websites, including, clickstream data, operating system being used, the URL of the site that you have come from and move to after your visit, data relating to your activities on third-party websites (including IP addresses and URLs) via tracking technology (such as cookies and measurement software), the date and time of your visit and your server's IP address, the geo-location of your device and the type of payment you use. We collect this information for statistical purposes to find out how our website and the Apply Tool are being used. We can use this information to evaluate and, hopefully, improve your experience. As an example, when you visit a web page that supports the auto-fill function, we can record metadata generated by your web browser that identifies one or more auto-fill fields that you interact with. In this example, we can also access local storage associated with your web browser to determine information (including Personal Information) which can be, or has been, entered into an auto-fill field. We use your information to facilitate your completion of job applications across the Internet, on our websites and third-party websites, and to provide advertising and/or other content that we believe may be of interest to you based upon your browsing behaviour on the Internet. 

##### 3\. Uses, retention and storage

We process your Personal Information for the following purposes and legal bases: 

a) Operate our site and provide you with our services:  We use the Personal Information that we collect, including the email account that you can create on our platform using the Provider's email, to (i) respond to your questions and requests; (ii) provide customer service (e.g. to fulfil product and service orders made by you, give you information about your account to resolve disputes, problems with your account/profile or the Site, administer a competition, sweepstake or promotion, or to provide information to third parties at your request, such as potential employers, job-matching services or third-party websites, or other career-related services); (iii) personalise your experience by providing content on the Site, including targeted advertising or job-related advertising, that we believe can be of most interest to you; (iv) improve the Site; (and (v) provide you with a safe, efficient and customised experience.

b) Analyse and aggregate non-personal information: We use aggregate information about our users, as well as non-personal information, to analyse Site and user behaviour and to prepare aggregated reports.

c) Prevent fraud and comply with the law: We use information from the Site to prevent, detect and investigate fraud, security breaches and potentially prohibited or illegal activities, to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim and to enforce our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/information/termsofuse.aspx). We also use information in response to requests by government or law-enforcement authorities conducting an investigation, or in response to complaints where we are under a legal or regulatory obligation to adhere to a complaints-handling procedure.

d) Communicate with you and third parties at your request: We use your information to contact you to maintain the Site, your account or to comply with your stated communication preferences, or to provide other products or services requested by you, as described at the time when we collect the information from you, or to contact you for other purposes authorised by law. If you have chosen to participate in some of our career-building Services, the information that you share with us can be provided to third parties such as (i) CV editors, (ii) employers or recruiters, who can contact you about career opportunities, (iii) employers seeking candidates and/or (iii) other career service providers.

e) Mobile data: When you access the Site on a mobile device, with your consent, we can use the information collected for any purpose set forth in this Privacy Policy. For example, we can use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalised content.

We retain Personal Information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was collected, our business purposes and/or to comply with the applicable laws, and your consent to such purpose(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you. You consent to our retention of your video-viewing tracking data for as long as permissible under applicable law – up to 12 months after you have closed your account or otherwise withdraw consent for video tracking.

##### 4\. Disclosure

Information that we collect can be shared with:

a) The Provider's corporate family and other third parties: We can share the information that we collect about you with the Provider's corporate family (our affiliates), as well as with third-party suppliers. The information can be disclosed (i) to provide joint content and our products and services (e.g. registration, transactions, employment or education opportunities, analytics and customer support); (ii) to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud and/or data security breaches; and (iii) to guide decisions about our Provider or third party's products, sites, applications, services, tools and communications. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications, and you will have the opportunity to opt out of email communications.

b) Service providers and other third parties: We can disclose your information to service providers under contract, which help with our business operations (such as, but not limited to, fraud investigations, bill collection and payment processing, and site [analytics and operations](https://web.archive.org/web/20190706124135id_/https%3A//www.myperfectcv.co.uk/information/cookie-tracking-policy.aspx#CTPolicySection3)). Also, we share information with our third-party payment processors. With your authorisation, we can also share your information with potential employers and career/job-posting websites.

c) Other entities, with your consent: We can share your Personal Information with third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (such as CV editors, employers, recruiters or job-posting third-party websites, or others about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service). These third party services are governed by their own terms of service and privacy policies, as set forth by the third parties that provide them. We do not necessarily endorse, nor are we responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for those services. On the Site, you have opportunities to express an interest in, or register for, other products and services. If you do, we will provide information about you to these third parties, or parties working on their behalf, to implement your request.

d) Legal and law enforcement: Law enforcement, governmental agencies or authorised third parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, or any other activity that can expose us, you or any other Provider user to legal liability. In such events, we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry, such as name, city, county, postcode, telephone number, email address, user ID history, IP address, fraud complaints and anything else that we deem relevant to the investigation.

e) Change of control – new owners: Other business entities, should we plan to merge with, or be acquired by, that business entity. Should such a combination occur, we will make reasonable efforts to request the new combined entity to follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information. If your Personal Information were to be used contrary to this policy, we will request that the new owner provide you with prior notice and, depending on the circumstances, an opportunity to opt in to or opt out of the new use.

f) Ad networks: : On the Site, we can work with third parties to serve advertisement, provide us with data collection, reporting, ad-response measurement and site analytics, and assist with the delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties can view, edit or set their own tracking technology/cookies. The use of this technology by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. They can also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites that you visit and other information about you or your device, in order to analyse and serve anonymous, targeted advertising on the Site and elsewhere. For more information about third-party ad servers on our Site and your ability to opt out of targeted advertising from such third parties, please visit <https://www.aboutads.info/choices/>, which provides information about certain companies that we may use to serve advertising on our Site.

g) Companies in the mobile app industry: If you access the Site through a mobile device or app, we can also share your information with operators, operating systems and platforms.

##### 5\. Your choices

a) Opting out of promotional messages: You can choose not to receive our promotional communications by clicking the 'My account' tab and clicking the 'My settings' and 'Preferences' tabs. You can also click the Unsubscribe link in the footer of any email or newsletter that you receive. You can also email us at [privacy@bold.com](mailto:privacy@myperfectcv.co.uk).

b) Update/delete or change your CV or covering letter: To change or delete your CVs or covering letters, log in to your Provider account, click the 'CV' and 'Covering letter' tabs and select Edit or Delete.

c) Site privacy settings: Information that you disclose while participating on the Site can be public and subject to redistribution by us and any third party that reviews your profile or the information that you post. You can change preferences for other Provider services as set forth in section 8 or by contacting us as set forth in Section 16. Please be aware that the Provider is not responsible for the use, disclosure or copies of your public postings on or through the Site that you make public and that are downloaded by third parties.

d) Administrative messages cannot be turned off: As the Provider provides an online service, you cannot opt out of administrative emails (for example, emails about your transactions or policy changes) for your registered account.

e) Deletion of your user content/account: You can request that we delete your account by logging in to your account and clicking the 'My settings' and 'Overview' tabs. You can also email us at [privacy@bold.com](mailto:privacy@myperfectcv.co.uk). When you request that your account be deleted, your Personal Information, including your CV and profiles, will be deleted and no longer available to you or visible to users from Provider applications. However, if any of your information, including your Personal Information, was previously accessed by others using Provider applications, we are unable to delete the information from their systems. When you delete your information on Provider applications, we will retain logs and non-personally identifiable information about you, along with an archival copy of your information, which is not accessible by you or third parties on Provider applications, but which might be used by us for record keeping and internal purposes, including enforcing this Policy and demographic, reporting and research purposes.

f) Timing and third parties: We will endeavour to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably possible, but please note that changes requested of us are not always effective immediately. Unless required by law, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including, without limitation, our third-party service providers, potential employers, job-posting sites that you authorise us to contact on your behalf, or strategic or marketing partners) with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from, or causing information to be removed from, the databases or records of such entities.

##### 6\. Information that you share on the site.

If you participate in Provider services (e.g. CV posting, profile creation and job alerts) that permit you or the Provider, on your behalf, to post information on third-party sites (e.g. websites, bulletin boards and personal URLs), and if you post information or content, such as by posting photos, or participating in online forums or communities, when you interact with our Site through social media sites, plug-ins or other applications, depending upon your privacy settings, this information can become public on the Internet. We cannot prevent the further use of this information. You can control the data that you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites. Please refer to these third-party sites' privacy policies and terms of use to learn more about their privacy practices, which we do not control.

a) Other services: If you use the Site, the Provider can create a universal application derived from the information you provide on the Site that will be visible to potential employers who have immediate needs for prospects, as well as visitors to the Site. Therefore, your Site Profile can be publicly viewable. You can elect to have your Profile restricted to registered users only by following the instructions on the Site for that particular setting. You agree that employers and the Provider will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by email and/or SMS text, and you understand that this consent is not a condition to having access to the Site or the Provider's services. Messaging and data rates can apply. If you opt in to our SMS alert service, you acknowledge that message or data charges may apply. If you do not wish to continue with the SMS alert service, you may opt out by replying 'STOP' to the SMS text that you have received, or you may contact our customer service. Please allow three to five working days for us to process your request. The Provider reserves the right to terminate the SMS alert service, at its sole discretion, for any reason and at any time.

##### 7\. Tracking technology (cookies)

When you visit the Site, we and our business partners can use tracking technology to enhance your online experience or customise our offerings. Here are a few additional important things that you should know about our use of tracking technology (cookies):

  * We can offer certain features that are available only through the use of tracking technology.
  * We use both session and persistent tracking technology. Tracking technology (e.g. cookies) can either be persistent (i.e. they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e. they last only until you close your browser). You are always free to decline tracking technology if your browser permits this, although doing so can interfere with your use of the Site. Refer to the Help section of your browser, browser extensions or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting or disabling tracking technology such as cookies.
  * We encode and protect the types of tracking technology that the Provider sets so that only we can interpret the information stored in them. You can encounter tracking technology/cookies from the third-party service providers allowed on our Site, such as Google Analytics, which assist us with various aspects of our Site operations and services.
  * You can also encounter tracking technology from third parties on certain pages of the websites that we do not control and have not authorised. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there can be a cookie placed by that web page).
  * We can target and track the videos that you view on the Site. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the Site, or on third-party social media, for up to two years or as permitted by applicable law.



For more information about the use of cookies and similar technology on our Site please review this Privacy Policy and our [Tracking Technology Policy](https://web.archive.org/information/cookie-tracking-policy.aspx#CTCookiesSection4).

##### 8\. Accessing, reviewing and changing your Personal Information

Registered members can review and change Personal Information at any time by accessing their accounts on the Site (through the **[My Account](https://web.archive.org/account/resume-home.aspx)** and **[My Settings](https://web.archive.org/web/20190706124135id_/https%3A//www.myperfectcv.co.uk/profile/my-settings-a.aspx)** tabs). You should update your Personal Information promptly if it changes or becomes inaccurate. We can retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with the law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyse or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use or take other action permitted by law. Likewise, if your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we can maintain some information to prevent re-registration. For non-registered members, you can update or request access to your Personal Information by contacting us as set forth in Section 16.

We will endeavour to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably possible, but please note that changes requested of us are not always effective immediately. Unless required by law, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including, without limitation, our third-party service providers, potential employers, job-posting sites that you authorise us to contact on your behalf, or strategic or marketing partners) with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from, or causing information to be removed from, the databases or records of such entities.

##### 9\. Notice to residents of California

a)  California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the 'Shine the light' law, permits those of our customers who are residents of California to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Information (if any) we have disclosed to third parties for direct-marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, and the names and addresses of these third parties. Requests can be made only once a year and are free of charge. To make such a request, please contact us at [californiarequest@bold.com](mailto:californiarequest@livecareer.com). For all requests, you must put the statement 'Your California privacy rights' in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a resident of California and provide a current address in California for our response. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, by post or via facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly, or that do not contain complete information.

b) California Business & Professions Code Section 22575 (b) provides that California residents are entitled to know how the Provider responds to 'Do not track' browser settings. The Provider does not currently take action to respond to Do not track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been adopted. We continue to review new technology and may adopt a standard once one is universally accepted.

##### 10\. Notice to residents of the European Union 

a)  The Provider complies with the General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR'). As such, the Provider affords to all European data subjects their respective data privacy rights to the extent that they are applicable, including: (i) the right to rectify inaccurate data; (ii) the right to erasure (deletion of your Personal Information); (iii) the right to restrict processing of your Personal Information; (iv) the right of data portability; and (v) the right to object. You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us at [boldforeigndispute@bold.com](mailto:boldforeigndispute@bold.com) or Contact us. In order to safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorised access, we can ask that you provide sufficient information to identify yourself prior to providing access to your Personal Information.

b)  In certain situations, and subject to applicable law, the Provider will not be able or obliged to comply with part or all of your individual requests. Please note that we have the right to refuse and/or charge a monetary fee for requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive, for example due to their repetitive character. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an EU supervisory authority.

c)  Providing your information to us is optional, but it can affect our ability to offer you the Service. For example, if you do not provide your complete Personal Information, we will not always be able to respond to your request in a timely manner. 

##### 11\. Third parties

Our Site can contain links to other third-party websites, and the Provider can provide products and services that share information with third-party sites for your job search. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites, so it is important to familiarise yourself with their privacy policies before providing your Personal Information.

##### 12\. Information security

We maintain technical, physical and administrative security measures designed to protect the security of your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorised or accidental access, disclosure, copying, use or alteration. Some of the safeguards that we use are firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, information access authorisation controls and other measures in accordance with industry standards. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is totally secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

##### 13\. Children's privacy

The Site is a general-audience site and it is not intended for children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information via our websites, applications, services or tools from users in this age group.

If you are a minor and want to remove the information that you have posted to the Site, please contact us via the email or postal address listed in Section 16 below. Removal of the information that you have posted does not ensure its complete or comprehensive removal.

##### 14\. Storage and international transfer

As we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based globally, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information can be stored and processed elsewhere by us, our affiliates or an unaffiliated service provider. The data protection and privacy regulations do not always offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Economic Area ('EEA'). When you create an account/profile or otherwise provide us with Personal Information, you consent to the collection, storage and/or processing, in the United States and other countries, of your Personal Information and tracking technology/cookies as described in this Policy. We take appropriate measures to ensure adequate protection of the privacy rights of EEA data subjects with respect to Personal Information that we transfer outside the EEA to a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission. To obtain a copy of the relevant transfer mechanism or additional information on the transfers, please address these requests to Contact us.

##### 15\. Notification regarding updates

From time to time, we can choose to update this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy posted at any time, or from time to time, via this Site shall be deemed to be the Privacy Policy then in effect. You agree that we can notify you about material changes in the way that we treat Personal Information by placing a notice on the Site. You should check the Site frequently for updates. In addition, we have provided the Privacy Policy Highlights section to offer a summary of the main points of our full Privacy Policy for your convenience. In the event of a conflict between the Privacy Policy Highlights and the full Privacy Policy, the full Privacy Policy will control.

##### 16\. Contact us

If your questions are not answered online, you can email us at [privacy@bold.com](mailto:privacy@myperfectcv.co.uk), write to us at , or BOLD LLC, City View Plaza II, 48 Road 165, Suite 6000, Guaynabo, PR 00968, or use the [contact us form](https://www.myperfectcv.co.uk/information/contact.aspx) on the Site.
