> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mypinterventures.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190422234440id_/https%3A//mypinterventures.com/advertising-sponsor-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure & Privacy Policy – My Pinterventures

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Disclosure and Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.

####  **WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?**

 **Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website** : We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, you are able to create a user profile, which allows you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records.

 **Automatically-Collected Information** : We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, this site and our third-party service providers, such as advertising and analytics providers, may use cookies, web beacons and other data technologies to receive and store certain types of information when you interact with us through your computer or mobile device. Using these technologies helps us recognize you, customize your experience and make relevant marketing messages. When you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.

####  **DISCLOSURE POLICY**

The content of My Pinterventures is a source of income and may be used to promote products, services, or other businesses.  Any mention of products, services, or businesses that may be a source of income to My Pinterventures will be noted as an affiliate in accordance to the [Federal Trade Commission (FTC)](http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2009/10/ftc-publishes-final-guides-governing-endorsements-testimonials) regarding endorsements in blog posts.

  * This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. However, the compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog.
  * This blog does contain advertising generated by a third party ad networks. My Pinterventures is compensated for any purchases made through these advertisements at no additional cost to you.
  * The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.
  * I will always try my best to promote products/businesses/services that I feel will be beneficial to My Pinterventures readers.



####  **COOKIES**

We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website. The cookies are used to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit to customize ads on the site. You can turn off the use of cookies at anytime by changing your specific browser settings, but some parts of this site may not function properly.

 **HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED**

We may use the information collected in the following ways:

  * To operate and maintain the Website.
  * To create your account, identify you as a user of the Website, and customize the Website for your account.
  * To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings.
  * To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts.
  * To respond to your comments or inquiries.
  * To provide you with user support.
  * To track and measure advertising on the Website.
  * To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.



####  **THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies.

The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:

Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.

Mail Chimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.  Please refer to Mail Chimp’s privacy policy for further information.

Mediavine – this service is used for delivery of ad on this site. This service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website to provide relevant ads and a better user experience.

This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.

Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.

####  **AFFILIATE PARTICIPATION**

The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.

My Pinterventures is a participant in the Shop Style and Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, which are affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com or linked shops.  As part of this Shop Style and Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Shop Style and Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.

 **EMAIL NEWSLETTERS**

  * When signing up to the My Pinterventures or Merry Monday Emails, you give consent to receive My Pinterventures or Merry Monday emails. I do not share or sell any information and there is always an option to unsubscribe at the bottom of each email.
  * These emails may be used for advertising purposes and all newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. These pixels are embedded in emails to allow analysis of the success of email newsletter campaigns. These tracking pixels allow me to to see if and when emails are opened and links clicked. This information will be used to adapt future content and will not be passed to third parties.



####  **RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at erleneamat@gmail.com to be removed from our mailing list.

Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to erleneamat@gmail.com.

Amend – You may contact us at erleneamat@gmail.com to amend or update your personal information.

Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to erleneamat@gmail.com.

Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.

 **SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION**

At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

####  **INFORMATION PROTECTION**

This website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Your personal information is contained behind Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology.

 **COMMENT POLICY**

  * If you create a user profile on this site or leave a comment, some information may be publicly visible. To create a user profile, you must choose a username, password, and email address. Your email address will never be available publicly. At your option, you may also add an avatar, a profile description, and a link to your website. Users on this site may see your username, avatar, and website/social media link if you provide them.
  * My Pinterventures is “family friendly” blog and comments which include offensive or inappropriate language, or considered by me to be rude and offensive, will be edited or deleted. So please be nice.
  * Please do not leave links in your comments. Your comment may post, but the links will be deleted or modified.
  * Emails are required for commenting, but is never shared or published on the blog.
  * Any comment that is marked by Askimet or suspect to be spam will be deleted and not posted.



[Copyright secured by Digiprove © 2018](https://www.digiprove.com/show_certificate.aspx?id=P1019732%26guid=HJZ6aCIgLEaiAPPP2D7Euw)
