> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myplay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080618013042id_/http%3A//www.sonymusic.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sony Music USA

  
Your privacy is important to us. That is why we want you to be informed about how we protect the privacy of visitors to our site. Please take a moment to read the following policy, which describes our practices for the collection and use of personally identifiable information on this site. Sites that are linked to our site may have different policies; please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details. 

  We do not collect personally identifiable information about you on this site without your knowledge, and all such information is collected directly from you. For example, we may ask you to provide your e-mail address, name, mailing address, cell phone number and carrier service provider or other information about yourself in order to participate in contests, chat rooms, or on bulletin boards, to be added to the list to receive e-mail or SMS (text message) updates on particular artists or types of music, to send so-called "postcards" or to conduct transactions elsewhere on the site. You are not required to provide us with this information, but if you choose not to, you may not be able to participate in some of the activities on this site. 

  We use the information we collect from you to allow you to participate in the site activities for which the information is collected. For example, when you give us your e-mail address in order to receive updates on a particular artist or type of music, that address is added to the e-mail list for that artist or type of music. On each e-mail you receive, you are given the opportunity to unsubscribe; once you unsubscribe, you will no longer receive such e-mails. 

  A cell phone number and carrier service provider is only required if you want to receive updates on a particular artist or type of music via SMS (text messages) sent to your mobile phone. There can be costs associated with receiving SMS (text) messages depending on your wireless carrier and plan. 

  For contests conducted on this site, we use the personal information you provide only for the purpose of contacting you if you win a prize and sending the prize to you. We do not use contact information contained in contest entries to create mailing lists or for any other purpose, unless you have simultaneously subscribed to a mailing list. For further information about how we handle entries to a particular contest, please consult the contest rules. 

  Except with respect to personal information collected on sites devoted solely to individual recording artists, we may share the information we collect from you with our affiliates or send you e-mail promotions and special offers from reputable third parties in whose products and services we think you may have an interest. We may also share your information with reputable third-parties who may contact you directly. With regard to artist sites, except as discussed in the following paragraph, we do not share personal information collected on those sites with anyone outside Sony BMG for any purpose. 

  Personal information collected on this site may be shared with those with whom we contract to operate this site (for example, to send you a promotional item that you have requested on the site). These contractors have agreed with us to use personal information of site visitors only for the purposes of carrying out these operations. To the extent required or permitted by law, we may also collect, use and disclose personal information in connection with security-related or law enforcement investigations or in the course of cooperating with authorities or complying with legal requirements. We may also use your information as permitted by law to perform credit checks, report or collect debts owed, or protect our rights or property, our website, or its users. 

  Some information may automatically be collected as you browse our site. Our web server automatically collects information known as "clickstream data," such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our site, pages viewed, information searched for, access times and other relevant statistics. We also use cookies on our site. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to the hard drive of a visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes. 

  We use clickstream data and cookies only in the aggregate to measure the use of our site and to administer and improve our site. When we collect personal information, we may extract some of the information and combine it with other information, such as clickstream data. This combined information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. 

  We try to keep the information we collect from you as current as possible, and we take steps to maintain the security of your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access to it by those who do not have a legitimate need for it. To that end, we periodically review our security measures. We will never post your e-mail address or other identifying information you have provided on our site without your consent. 

  If you are under 13 years of age, you should not provide any personally identifiable information on this site without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. There are certain web pages within our website that require users to be at least 13 years of age; these pages require you to enter your date of birth, and anyone under the age of 13 will be restricted from participating in such web page activities. We use cookies to assure that this restriction persists. This may mean that you will be unable to participate in some activities on the site. 

  All contests that are held on this site are limited to persons above a certain age. Accordingly, we ask each contestant to provide year of birth, as well as name, address, and e-mail address. If the year provided indicates that the contestant is underage, the information submitted is deleted. Please refer to the specific age requirements for each contest as rules may vary from contest to contest. 

  We ask each visitor who wishes to participate in chat rooms and bulletin boards on this site to provide an e-mail address along with the visitor's screen name. Each visitor who wishes to send a so-called "postcard" is asked to provide the visitor's screen name and e-mail address, the recipient's name and e-mail address, and a message selected by the visitor. All such e-mail addresses are used only to protect the security and integrity of the site, such as to take action against visitors who post inappropriate material or harass other visitors. 

  The operator of this site is Sony BMG, 550 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 

  By using our site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those changes. Thank you for visiting our site, and for taking the time to read this policy. 

    Last Revised: January, 2006 
