> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mypreferences.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180130144137id_/http%3A//mypreferences.com/privacy-statement.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | MyPreferences

**Use of cookies and Web beacons**  
PossibleNOW uses third party applications including Google Analytics, Oracle Eloqua and Clicky which may use Web beacons or clear gifs to track visitors on any of our Websites. We automatically collect and store; the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our sites.

We use this information only as anonymous aggregate data to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our sites, to ensure the sites are working properly, and to help us make our sites more useful. We do not use it to track or record information about individuals. Only if a site visitor provides us with their contact information through a form submittal do we know the identity of the site visitor.

A "web beacon" is a transparent pixel image used in collecting information about website usage, email response and tracking. Web beacons are used to enhance functionality on the site (e.g. user ID and password prompts, and conference registration) and aggregate traffic data (e.g. what pages are the most popular.) 

A "cookie" is a small text file that a Website can place on your computer's hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it possible for you to use an online "shopping cart" to keep track of items you wish to purchase. The cookie transmits this information back to the Website's computer which, generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. Many consumers do not know that "cookies" are being placed on their computers when they visit Websites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Website attempts to place a "cookie" on your computer. 

We do not use persistent cookies or tracking mechanisms that collect personally identifying information on our sites. The only persistent cookies that PossibleNOW uses are Google Analytics code. These are first-party cookies. Google Analytics collects tracks and analyzes site statistics. These cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information and are only used for the statistical collection of data such as page hits. Our Websites use session cookies to anonymously collect a visitor's IP address and the date and time of the visit. Session cookies are temporary files that are erased when you close all browsers. We use these session cookies for site management purposes. Accepting session cookies on our sites is voluntary; you may still use the site if you decline cookies. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

PossibleNOW's website does not respond to a browser's Do Not Track signal.
