> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the punchpin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160206182455id_/http%3A//www.punchpin.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PunchPin - Sexy pictures and cool stuff for guys.

PunchPin is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of consumers of its interactive products and services and of visitors to its site. We want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for consumers. All references in this policy to "PunchPin" include the PunchPin site and all of the other Internet-accessible PunchPin-branded services. The purpose of this PunchPin privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcome visitor to PunchPin, (1) what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit PunchPin; (2) how we may use that information; (3) whether we disclose it to anyone; and (4) the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. Finally, please note that this policy applies only to PunchPin and Web sites that carry the PunchPin brand, and not to other companies' or organizations' Web sites to which we link. We have clearly marked PunchPin and these branded Web sites with our logo so you know where this policy applies. PunchPin welcomes comments and questions on this policy. PunchPin is dedicated to protecting your personal information. Due to the evolving nature of the technologies PunchPin uses to communicate with you, we may occasionally update this policy. Notice of any revisions will be posted to this site. Any comments or questions regarding our privacy practices should be sent to us via our Contact Us page. 

**What personal information does PunchPin collect?**

PunchPin collects personally identifying information during: (i) user registration; (ii) user surveys; and (iv) registration for certain interactive areas on PunchPin and on Web sites that carry the PunchPin brand. For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server may collect that visitor's IP address (where possible). In addition, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our interactive areas, aggregate information about which pages visitors access, user-specific information about which pages visitors access and how much time is spent in particular areas, and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or information provided in site registration forms, including but not limited to a visitor's name, address, and phone number may also be collected.  PunchPin may retain personally identifying information indefinitely. PunchPin maintains publicly available user profiles as well, which may contain personally identifying information volunteered by its visitors. 

**What does PunchPin do with the information it collects?**

PunchPin may use personally identifying information of its visitors to award prizes, track compliance with our Terms of Service, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when visitors provide the information). PunchPin does not ever make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations, although we reserve the right to do so.  In addition, PunchPin may disclose personally identifying information about you, your accounts, or any content you provide on your site, if PunchPin believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to enforce its User Agreement or copyright policy, to comply with the law, to comply with legal process, to operate its systems properly, or to protect the rights or property of itself, its members, its visitors, or others. PunchPin may collect and disclose such material for use in promoting PunchPin or its services or if PunchPin believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to enforce its User Agreement or copyright policy, to comply with the law, to comply with legal process, to operate its systems properly, or to protect the rights or property of itself, its members, its visitors, or others. Other companies which provide services on our site, or which advertise on our site, may collect information about you. PunchPin does not control collection or use of this information. You should contact these companies or advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of this information.   


**How to update personal information**

You can help PunchPin to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. If at any time you wish to modify your information or stop receiving communications from PunchPin, you can opt-out of the mailing by using the opt-out link in the mailing. Or if needed, you should contact PunchPin via our Contact Us page to have us remove your address.  


**About IP addresses**

PunchPin collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers, if any. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from PunchPin, our servers log their IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.

Use of cookies

What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard \-- you'll find them at most major Web sites. By showing how and when guests use the site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed, as well as user preferences that make your surfing at our site easier.  


Each browser accessing PunchPin is given a unique cookie that is then used to determine the number of unique site visitors. An additional cookie lets our computers remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites.

By using this site, you signify your assent to the PunchPin Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of PunchPin following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. For a full explanation of the terms and conditions for using this site, please see our PunchPin Terms of Service Agreement. Please use our Contact page for any further questions.
