> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the soundfeelings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190508073759id_/http%3A//www.soundfeelings.com/about/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy and GDPR Statement

 

UPDATED 5/22/2018

**What Private Data do we Collect?**

To ease your mind, by just clicking on our site, absolutely no information is tracked or collected about you. However, when you write, phone, fax or email us, or when you place an order, we take your information. This allows us to reply to yourquestions or comments, to process and fulfill your orders and to notify you of your order status. In these cases we would need your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone numbers credit card number and expiration date. 

**Who Sees This Data?**

Only us! Sound Feelings will NEVER sell, trade or rent your personal information to others, for any purpose, whatsoever. THIS INCLUDES ANY IMAGES THAT YOU SEND FOR OUR CUSTOMIZED PRODUCTS SUCH AS THE SLIM PHOTO OR THE ANGER PILLOWCASE. We will NEVER share or post your images without your permission!

**Is my data secure?**

If you have made a purchase with a credit card, WE DO NOT HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION. This is processed by our shopping cart, Modular Merchant, who is SSL-Compliant. We can confirm their commitment and intention to comply with GDPR.

**What Do We Do With This Information?**

We use your contact information only to help serve you with the product or service that you have purchased. That’s all. WE WILL NOT CONTACT YOU UNLESS YOU HAVE ADDITIONALLY SIGNED UP FOR ONE OF OUR MAILING LISTS.

**What About “Cookies?”**

A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a website to give you a unique ID. Cookies help make it easier for you to use our site, and they help us process your order. A cookie generated by our site contains no information about you. It contains only a numeric ID that, for example, is needed to access our online shopping cart. In this way, the cookie keeps track of your selections and lets you continue shopping where you left off without losing any of the items in your cart.

**Can I update my data?**

Yes, you can update your data at any time by contacting us, or if you have created an account on our shopping cart, you can log in and do it yourself.

**Can I trust that all your employees will uphold this policy?**

All staff have received training on what GDPR entails and they understand what data on individuals should be held or not.

**How Can I be Removed From Your Mailing List?**

Let us know if you would prefer not to receive any materials from us in the future. You may contact us below: 

Customer Service 

Sound Feelings, and all Subsidiary companies

18375 Ventura Blvd. #8000

Tarzana, CA 91356

U.S.A. 

Tel: 818-757-0600 

email

Please also see our Security Statement.

Please also see our [Security Statement](https://web.archive.org/web/20190508073759id_/http%3A//www.soundfeelings.com/about/security.htm).



