> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the soundtoys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214184343id_/http%3A//www.soundtoys.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Soundtoys

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  
  
**SOUNDTOYS, INC. PRIVACY POLICY**  
  
This Privacy Policy will apply to the website that you are visiting, www.soundtoys.com (the “Website”) which is owned by Soundtoys, Inc. (the “Company”). This Privacy Policy also applies to the computer software (plug-ins and applications) available on the Website (the “Software”) by the Company.

  
Company and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate-wide Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Company and its subsidiaries, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.  
  
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Company at the email address or postal address specified on the Website.  
  
**INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE**  
  
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you with the products and services made available through the Website and the Software, including, but not limited to our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.  
  
**Information Collected Upon Registration:** If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Website, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to Company. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your full name, username, password, email address, address, telephone number, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile.  
  
**Use of Contact Information:** In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to our services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.  
  
**Log Data (WebSite ):** When you visit the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Website and of our Service, and for the Website’s technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.  
  
**Usage Data(Software):** Our servers automatically record information collected and sent by the Software, communicated over the internet as Usage Data. This Usage Data may include information such as your IP address, computer type and operating system, host DAW (for plug-ins) and statistics regarding the usage of our software products. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider, the IP address changes periodically, and does not uniquely identify a single user, and is not considered personal information. We use Usage Data to help us improve the quality of our software and to provide relevant information to you in the form of software updates and other notifications. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information, except in case of a violation of the Terms of Service and our software License Agreement.

**Your Account:** If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Company reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.  
  
**Cookies:** We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and Company does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.  
  
**Other Technologies:** Other technologies used include clear GIFs. Clear GIFs also known as web bugs, beacons or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages.  
  
**Law Enforcement:** We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Company or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.  
  
**Business Transfers:** We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
