> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the souplantation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161031012236id_/http%3A//www.souplantation.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Souplantation & Sweet Tomatoes : Privacy Policy

Thank you for your interest in Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp., dba Souplantation and Sweet Tomatoes Restaurants ("Garden Fresh Companies," "we," or "our") and our websites ("Site") located at [www.gardenfreshcorp.com](http://www.gardenfreshcorp.com/), [www.souplantation.com](http://www.souplantation.com/) and [ www.sweettomatoes.com](http://www.sweettomatoes.com/). We are pleased to provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our practices with respect to how we collect and use personal information about persons who use our Site and/or interact with us through this Site or through other means. 

**Privacy Policy Updates.** Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, we will post our updated Privacy Policy on our Site so you are always aware of what personal information we may collect and how we may use this information. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personal information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy and our [ Terms of Use.](http://www.souplantation.com/terms)

**By using this Site or otherwise providing personal information to the Garden Fresh Companies, you consent to the following terms.**

**What We Collect.**   
_Information We Collect Directly From You:_ You may browse our Site without submitting any information directly to us, but we may collect information about you automatically as you do so (see below). Certain other actions require you to provide information directly to us. Specifically, to sign up for Club Veg, we will collect your name, e-mail address, postal address, birthdate, the location you visit most often, and your gender. We also may collect additional information from you, such as information about your diet and the number of children in your household, but this information is not required. If you place an order through our Site (e.g., for a gift card), we will collect your contact and credit or debit card information and the name/email address of the recipient. We also collect information about you when you contact us (e.g., letters, guest comment cards, including in-store comments, request information from us), participate in a survey, order catering services, respond to a promotion, post content to our social networking sites, or otherwise choose to provide it to us. 

_Information We Collect Automatically About You:_ We and our third party service providers collect data about you automatically as you use our Site, such as number of visitors, browser type, pages accessed, duration of visit, IP address, and other information about your use of our Site and services. We may combine this information with other information that we collect about you. For additional information, please see our discussion of Cookies and Tracking.

**Use of Information.** Garden Fresh Companies use your personal information to respond to your correspondence, to provide you with any materials or information that you have requested, to provide you with products and services that you have requested, to send promotional materials (e.g., coupons, special offers) or newsletters to you (including via email), to contact you when reasonably necessary or appropriate, to administer and improve this Site and our products and services, and for research and analytics purposes. The Garden Fresh Companies may share your information among our various brands, each of which is part of the same corporate entity and may use your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 

**Disclosure.** With the exception of joint marketing as noted below, we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. We may share your information, including personal information, with the following persons and entities and in the following circumstances: 

  * **Service Providers.** We may disclose your information to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. For example, these vendors may assist us with data storage, processing, administering this Site, Site analytics, customer service, marketing and research, or providing our products and services. Garden Fresh Companies may transfer your personal information to such vendors that have entered into a contract with us that strives to protect the confidentiality of your information and permits the vendor to use it only as reasonably necessary to fulfill its contract with Garden Fresh. 
  * **As appropriate to respond to your inquiries.** We may also provide your personal information to third parties if we believe in our discretion it would be helpful to responding to you or acting upon your request. For example, if you ask us to provide you with information about one of our partners, we may provide your request and contact information to such partner so that the partner may respond to your request directly. 
  * **Marketing Partners.** If we engage in a joint marketing campaign, we may share your information with your consent with our joint marketing partner. 
  * **To Comply with Law and To Protect Our Rights, Property and Interests.** We may disclose your personal information if we believe it is appropriate or necessary to do so to comply with law, regulation, other governmental authority, to prevent harm to you or others, to protect our property rights and interests, or to investigate or otherwise take action regarding violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy. 
  * **Business Transfers.** Garden Fresh Companies may disclose your personal information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of its assets or stock in its or upon any other corporate reorganization or transaction, including a bankruptcy. 
  * **Aggregate Information.** We also may share aggregate information with third parties for marketing, research, or other purposes. 



**Cookies and Tracking.** To facilitate your use of this Site, we and our third party service providers use "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that our servers transfer to your browser. When you log onto this Site, the cookie file captures your username, unique session identifier number and other session data to enable you to traverse through this website's various screens without having to authenticate yourself at each new screen. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how you may be able to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or fully enjoy the Site. Please note that we do not control the cookie management tools that may be offered on your browser and cannot guarantee their effectiveness.

**Do Not Track.** Currently, our systems do not recognize browser requests not to be tracked. If, however, you do not wish to use cookies, you may disable or delete them from within your Internet browser application by accessing the security or privacy settings. You may be required to have cookies enabled to access certain portions of this Site. 

**Third Party Analytics.** We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may engage third parties to assist us in determining the success of our marketing campaigns or email response rate (e.g., whether you opened or forwarded an email). These third parties (and third party devices and applications) may use cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies in performing these services. We use these tools to help us improve our products and services, performance and user experiences. For more information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: [ www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners).

**Your California Privacy Rights.** California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. As discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we do not currently share the personal information of California residents with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. However, if you have further questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us as explained below.

**A Special Note about Children.** Garden Fresh Companies recognize the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Garden Fresh Companies do not target its services or this Site to children under 13. Garden Fresh Companies do not solicit or knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. 

**User Generated Content.** We invite you to post content on our Site and on our social networking pages, including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Site or social networking pages. If you post content to our Site and on our social networking pages, all of the information that you post will be available to all visitors to our Site and the social network. If you post your own content, your posting may become public and Garden Fresh Companies cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy. For information about how the social networking site may use the information that you post, please refer to their privacy policy. 

**Links.** For your convenience, we may provide links to certain third-party websites or references to certain third parties' products or services. If you choose to visit a third party's website or use its products or services, please be aware that the third party's privacy policy, and not this one, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with the third party. 

**Security.** Garden Fresh may use procedural and technological measures, reasonably designed to protect your personal information from loss or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. 

**Correction/Updating Your Information.** We provide you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the personal information that you have provided to us. If you wish to review, delete or correct any information you have provided to us, contact Garden Fresh at [ privacy@gardenfreshcorp.com](mailto:privacy@gardenfreshcorp.com) or if you are a member of Club Veg, you may log into your account and update your information online. 

**Employment Opportunities.** If you choose to submit an employment application with us, we will use the information submitted in connection with that application for the purpose of processing your application. We will not use the information contained in an employment application for marketing purposes. We generally do not disclose information submitted in your employment information, except as appropriate to third parties in the course of processing your application, as required by law, and to protect our rights and interests, or the rights and interests of other users of our Site, employees, or others. If you would like to update information that you have submitted to us online for purposes of employment, you may update your profile through the "Career" portion of this Site. 

**Communications Preferences.** If you have communicated with us by e-mail and no longer wish to receive our e-mail communications, you may unsubscribe by following the unsubscribe link in our e-mail communications with you. Please note that it may take up to 10 days to process your request. 

**Questions?** If you have any questions about the Garden Fresh Companies' privacy practices, please feel free to contact us at [ privacy@gardenfreshcorp.com](mailto:privacy@gardenfreshcorp.com)

GARDEN FRESH RESTAURANT CORP.  
15822 BERNARDO CENTER DR STE A  
SAN DIEGO, CA 92127 

This Privacy Policy was last updated: February 11, 2016 

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: August 13, 2014 
