> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sourceknowledge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121207233038id_/http%3A//www.sourceknowledge.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | SourceKnowledege

SoKno Media, Inc. (SourceKnowledge) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information when you are on our site. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.

Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, title, occupation, industry, and other information when needed to provide a service you requested.

We don't automatically collect personal information, including your email address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our Website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information. Like many other Websites, the SourceKnowledge Website may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how you use the site. Please go to "Cookies and Tracking Technology" below for more information.

SourceKnowledge collects personal information when you register with SourceKnowledge for a SourceKnowledge client account, when you use certain SourceKnowledge products or services, when you register to participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list, or when you submit your personal information to SourceKnowledge for any other reason.

When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. SourceKnowledge will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled "How We Use Information Collected" below.

If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may only transfer that information, within SourceKnowledge or to SourceKnowledge's third party service providers with your permission. Upon receiving your permission, we may transfer your information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.

Some areas of SourceKnowledge's Website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our Website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. We also use cookies to verify the efficacy of our advertising and online marketing programs, using 3rd party software to analyze the tracking results. The information is viewed in aggregate, meaning your personal information is not used or displayed.

If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of SourceKnowledge's Website if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our Website. You do not need to have cookies turned on, however, to use/navigate through many parts of our Website, except access to certain of SourceKnowledge's Web pages may require a login and password.

SourceKnowledge uses information for several general purposes: to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to personalize your experience in secured areas of our Website, to keep you up to date on the latest news and trends, special offers or other information we think you'd like to hear about, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services.

Your personal information is never shared outside SourceKnowledge without your permission, except under conditions explained below. Inside SourceKnowledge, data is stored in controlled servers with limited access.

SourceKnowledge may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of SourceKnowledge to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); or we want to keep you up to date on the latest news and trends, special offers or other information we think you'd like to hear about either from us (unless you have opted out of these types of communications). We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our Websites.

SourceKnowledge's Website contains links to other sites. SourceKnowledge does not share your personal information with those Websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.

Our Website may contain links to Websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a SourceKnowledge logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by SourceKnowledge. Although we choose our business partners carefully, SourceKnowledge is not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our Website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party Website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.

We use third-party advertising companies and networks to serve ads. These third-party ad network providers may use web beacons and cookies to help present, better target, and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, using non-personally identifiable data (such as sites visited and browser type) gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. If you would like more information about this practice, as well as your choices about not having this information used for online behavioral advertising by these ad networks, click here: [networkadvertising.org](http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp).

SourceKnowledge will amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.

If you have questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please email us using our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/contact.html).
