> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the southkoreanews.net privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609185237id_/http%3A//www.southkoreanews.net/index.php/nav/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# South Korea News - South Korea News | As it Happens | South Korea News.Net

## South Korea News.Net Privacy Policy

For information about privacy and the various Privacy Acts legislated by governments around the world, including your own, visit the relevant government sites.

Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. Because the Internet has the capacity to collect certain types of information about users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the retrieval and use of any information we gather. To that end, this privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.

### Collection

South Korea News.Net may collect two types of information about users:

Personal information, provided by you at the time of voluntary registration for the services we offer or news polls you are asked to participate in; and

Aggregated information generated by our systems or third party systems we use, which track traffic to our sites but does not relate to you personally.

Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain services not being available to you.

### Disclosure of Information

We may disclose:

all information that we gather, including your personal information to entities within our group, or periodically to third parties when we have your permission which we will obtain when collecting information from you;

aggregated tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties such as our advertisers and partners;

your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law;

### Use

We use the personal information we collect:

for verification of your identity and assisting you in case you forget your password or login details for our subscription services;

to assist in providing the services requested by you;

to provide further information to you about other Web sites and services or products which we consider may be of interest to you;

for future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including to carry out direct marketing, market research and surveys;

for ensuring that you are shown the advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and

for any other uses that you authorise.

### Cookies and Tracking

We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (Windows, NT or Mac), Browser (eg. Microsoft, Netscape or other, plus the version of Browser) and domain (irrespective of where you are accessing the site from). We may use the information generated by "cookies" to:

track traffic patterns to and from our site including information like the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to);

ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and

You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to New York Telegraph, but you may need them for customisable areas of the site that we may develop in the future. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could effect your reading experience

### Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners

We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with our site and to whom you provide personal information whilst using one of our sites or services. Our sites contain links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend you check privacy policies of external sites before providing your personal information to them.

### Third Party Ad Servers

Some of our advertisers use third party companies to serve advertisements when you visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites, including information gathered by cookies, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not control the practices of these companies and they may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of other sites before providing your personal information to them.

### Opting out

If at any time you do not wish to subscribe to any of our services you will also have the option to opt out. This option will be detailed on all communications sent to you.

### Changes to Policy

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying site users in this section of our site. You should regularly visit this section to keep abreast of any changes that occur. If at any time you require further information on any changes, or in fact any aspect of our Privacy Policy please [contact us.](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609185237id_/http%3A//www.southkoreanews.net/index.php/nav/index.php?nav/contact)
