> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the southparkstudios.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231022647id_/http%3A//www.southparkstudios.co.uk/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# South Park Studios UK and Ireland -

**PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

This is the official privacy policy (" _Privacy Policy_ ") for southparkstudios.co.uk (" _Site_ ," " _we_ ," " _us_ ," or " _our_ "), an Internet website offered in cooperation with the Comedy Central television channel or programming service ("Comedy Central Channel"). The MTV Channel and the Site (together, " _Comedy Central_ ") are provided by MTV Networks (" _MTVN_ "), a division of Viacom International Inc. (collectively, the " _Parent Companies_ "). This Privacy Policy governs only the personally identifiable information (" _Personal Information_ ") collected by this Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner or for any other purpose, or for or by any other MTVN programming channel, MTVN's "Jobhunt" website, the Parent Companies and any subsidiaries and affiliates of Comedy Central and the Parent Companies (collectively, " _Affiliates_ "), or any other company, unless specifically stated.

 **Overview:** This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and inform you as to:

  * The kinds of Personal Information we collect from users of the Site and how that information is collected;
  * How we use your Personal Information;
  * The circumstances under which we disclose Personal Information to third parties;
  * How you can access, update or delete any Personal Information collected about you by us; and
  * The mechanisms we have implemented to protect your Personal Information.



This Site is offered and made available only to users 18 years of age or older and certain features on this Site (including, but not limited to, user registration and newsletter signups) may be subject to heightened age and/or other eligibility requirements. If you are not yet 18 years old or the required greater age for certain features, or do not meet any other eligibility requirements, please discontinue using the Site immediately or, if for any reason, you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the features, activities and services that require you to provide your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy is a part of the terms and conditions which are set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement. Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement. Both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement are legally binding on all users.

We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes to either document will be posted on the Site's homepage. However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates. We may also e-mail you, at our discretion, about these changes.

We are committed to protecting our users' privacy. Keeping the Personal Information you share with us on the Site secure and ensuring your understanding of how we collect, use, disclose and maintain your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information and while no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your Personal Information.

**GENERAL PRIVACY INFORMATION**

This Site is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States. By your participation in our Site activities, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age. Please be aware that any Personal Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be submitted and/or transferred to the United States and subject to United States law. By using this Site, participating in any Site activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to this submission and/or transfer and processing of Personal Information to and in the United States. . All users of the Site are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent, or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Your continued participation on this Site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. We may from time to time, transfer or merge any Personal Information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. We may also combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from our Affiliates, marketing companies, or Advertisers (as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement). This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site even if your use of or participation in any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason.

  1. **Collection and Use of Personal Information** : When we use the term " _Personal Information_ " we mean information such as your first/middle initial or name and last name, street address, town or city, state, postcode, telephone number, instant-messenger nickname, blog or other personal website URL, date of birth, e-mail address and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you. Personal Information also includes information about your personal preferences and survey responses. 

We collect Personal Information about you when you visit the Site and input information, whether you are registering to use any services, features or functions of the Site. We may use the information we obtain from you, including Personal Information, to tailor your experience on the Site, to display content we think may be of interest to you, or to let us customize what you see when you visit the Site according to your preferences. 

    1. **Collection of Personal Information During Registration.**

To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, to register as a member of the Site, you are required to select a user name and password (together, your " _User ID_ "), and may be required to also provided other Personal Information, such as your email address, first and last name, gender, date of birth, country and postcode. Additional Personal Information may be requested during the registration process (but not required), such as cable/satellite provider, ethnic information, and annual income. We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information you have given us in order to keep your information current, but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID. Among other things, these kinds of information help us securely identify you as a registered or permitted user of the Site and our features and functions. You will not be able to change your date of birth without sufficient verification.

All member benefits are free. 

If you choose to register on this Site, you will be required to submit your details directly to the United States which shall be governed by United States law. Please note that United States law provides a lower standard of protection for personal information than the United Kingdom. By registering with, using and participating in our forum services, blogs, web communities and other message and communication facilities (“ _Communities_ ”), you therefore acknowledge and consent to the submission, collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information and in the United States. 

If you are a registered user, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities, your use of the Site in connection with your registration. You also agree to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.

    2. **Collection of Personal Information During Registration or In Connection with Certain Features and Functions.**

During registration (and possibly at certain other times to enable your use of other features or functions or for security purposes), you will be required to provide us with certain information about you in order for us to allow you to use the features and functions that we may offer on the Site, such as chat rooms, message boards, electronic mail services, messaging services, registration and member profile pages.

    3. **Collection of Personal Information during email newsletter registration** You may subscribe to a free email newsletter or other email distribution. You may select such option by clicking on “Crap” on the main navigation and then “Newsletter. On this page you be required to supply your name, e-mail address, gender and date of birth. You will also have the right to unsubscribe from a newsletter or other email distribution, click on the relevant link on the newsletter/other email (which can normally be found at the bottom of the communication). 

By subscribing to the email newsletter or other email distribution, you therefore acknowledge and consent to the submission, collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information andin the United States. 

    4. **Sharing of Aggregate Information with Third Parties** Some of the aggregate user data we collect may be shared with Advertisers, our Affiliates, and other business partners of the Site, its Parent Companies, and/or its Affiliates, but we do not give any Personal Information to them as part of the relationship except as described in this Privacy Policy. Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies. 
    5. **Use of Communities** If you use any of the Communities' features and functions made available on or through the Site, please remember that any information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public. You should exercise caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities, as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes. Comedy Central is in no way responsible for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any information that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization. 
  2. **Accuracy and Confidentiality** It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information and to keep the Personal Information that you provide to us up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or you fail to update the information you give us. 

You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your user name and password, if applicable, and for any charges, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so. You, and not us, are solely responsible and liable for your activity, behavior, use and conduct on the Site and for any use of the Site or any other activity or conduct in connection with the Site, by any others who use your user name or password, unless and until you notify us that your user name or password may have been compromised, misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party.

Bear in mind that when you submit information to us, it does not guarantee that we will permit you to use any or all of the features or functions of the Site.

  3. **Cookies and Other Aggregate Data** We use 'cookie' technology (cookies are small text files that websites automatically save to the cookie file of the browser on your computer when you enter the website) to collect data regarding your visits to the Site. This data is stored in aggregate form and is not used to identify any particular user or individual. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including: 
    * Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies', Affiliates', Advertisers' or partners' sites;
    * Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Site;
    * Determining which features users like best; and
    * Saving your user name, your password or other information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site.

This Site may contain advertisements, references and links to other websites and organizations. We may also use third parties to display or serve advertising on the Site and our web-based newsletters or other communications which you may choose to receive. Often these third party Advertisers employ cookie and web bug technologies to measure advertising effectiveness. You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet. The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours. Even if we have a relationship with the third party, we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information. _**This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Personal Information that a third party Advertiser or ad server may collect from you.**_ We encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard. Use of Advertisers' tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies. For more information about these third party servers and how to "opt out" of the ad-serving cookie, [please click here.](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/)

Although we may track the numbers of visitors to inform us on how best to update the Site and enhance the experience for all visitors, Personal Information is not extracted in this process. We use tracking information on an aggregated basis to help us operate the Site, enhance and improve our service, improve the look of the Site and display advertising and marketing information. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie or image tag is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all such devices. This is done through your browser. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features at the Site that make your Internet experience more efficient and enjoyable - like the features mentioned above - and some of our other services will not function properly.

  4. **Privacy of Your Postings** We respect the privacy of the contents of any Personal Information related to or contained in a Posting, unless the information is intended to be disclosed (such Personal Information, except as intended to be disclosed, is called (" _Confidential Personal Information_ "). However, we reserve the right to monitor, edit, and disclose your use of the Site or Confidential Personal Information to a third party, if we believe such action is required by law or is necessary to protect and defend our rights, to enforce this Privacy Policy or the other terms of the Terms of Use Agreement, or to protect the interests of our users, Advertisers, Parent Companies, Affiliates, suppliers, operational service providers, and others. Please see the Terms of Use Agreement for details regarding Postings. 
  5. **Disclosure to Third Parties** We do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities or entities that are not our Advertisers, except in the limited circumstances listed below. As stated above, we will disclose Personal Information related to or contained in a Posting in connection with the display of and other services relating to such Posting as such Personal Information is intended to be disclosed. When we plan to disclose your Personal Information to Advertisers, we ask for you to opt in to do so, in which case their use of your information is subject to the Advertisers' own privacy policies. 
    1. **Operational Service Providers** We have the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site's services, features, functions and operations. We will refer to these third parties as " _operational service providers_ ". We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we request that our operational service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with this Site or the Comedy Central Channel. Additionally, such providers are not permitted to use your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes. 
    2. ****

**Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties.**

We will make your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information available to non-affiliated third parties in the following limited circumstances: 
      * When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process); 
      * If we believe your actions violate any law, regulation, the Terms of Use Agreement, including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy, or any of our other terms and conditions, Rules, offerings or any other services, features or functions of the Site, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of the Site, the Comedy Central Channel, the Parent Companies, the Affiliates, or any of its or their operational service providers, suppliers, Advertisers, customers or registered users, or any other party; 
      * If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or 
      * In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates 
  6. **Security & Protection of Personal Information** We maintain reasonable standards of security and confidentiality. However, for most Internet sites, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the site. We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes. We request that our operational service providers follow the same policy. 
  7. **Phishing** Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers' personal identity data and financial account credentials. "Phishers" use 'spoofed' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Sensitive Personal Information such as credit card numbers, account usernames, passwords, and social security numbers. WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD! If you receive such email communication, please forward it immediately to the Site's Privacy Administrator at privacy-admin@comedycentral.com, and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer
  8. **Review, Update or Delete Your Personal Information** Generally, you may review, update or delete your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected by this Site. You may also correct factual inaccuracies. However, Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information. Deletion or attempted deletion of certain Personal Information, such as your user name, may not be permitted and/or may result in suspension of your account or termination of any registration you may have made. To review, update or delete your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected by the Site, click to http://www.southparkstudios.co.uk/about/contact-us/ and sending a request or click your user name to get to the account update page. 

Children under the age of 18 that are unknowingly registered on the Site are in violation of the Terms of use Agreement. Parents (including legal guardians) of children that registered on the Site in violation of the Terms of Use Agreement who wish to terminate their child's membership must send their child's user name in an email to the Site's Privacy Administrator and request to terminate your child's account and registration. We will not allow direct access to a user's account and Personal Information by any person without the user's User ID. (Please see above for how to change your preferences or the information associated with your account.) If a parent does not have his or her child's User ID, the parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the parent's name, address, telephone and email address, in addition to the child's name and email address as registered on the Site, plus the child's date of birth. The parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent of the ineligible child. Comedy Central will send a confirming email to the parent via the email address provided to verify that the parent wishes to terminate his or her child's account and registration. The parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address. Comedy Central will then terminate the child's account but will notify the child of the termination request via email and will identify the name, address and email address of the person making the request.

We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including without limitation a registered user of any services, features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user's account or any services, features or functions. And if the burden or expense of providing access to your Personal Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and a contact person for further inquiries.

  9. **Questions** If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or share your personally identifiable information, you may contact us directly by sending an email to privacy-admin@comedycentral.com. 
  10. **Sole Statement** This document is the sole statement of the Site's Privacy Policy with respect to this Site, and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid. 



This Privacy Policy was last modified on September 30, 2009 and is effective immediately..

Copyright © 2009 MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved.
