> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the southparkstudios.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100514011002id_/http%3A//www.southparkstudios.com/about/legal.php%3Fdocument%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal - South Park Studios

**Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Certain Information.**

Generally, you may review, update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by, if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site, clicking “Profile” or your display name at the top of the Site and then selecting “Edit Profile”. However, Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information. We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current, but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID.

Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user’s request, unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old.

If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such Information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and contact information for further inquiries.

**_Children or Ineligible Teenagers._** If we, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates, inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site, such as a child (a person under the age of 13) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site (" _Ineligible Teenagers_ "), the child (or Ineligible Teenager) or the child’s (or Ineligible Teenager’s) parent or legal guardian (the " _Parent_ ") always has the right to unsubscribe (opt-out) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message. The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor (a person under the age of 18, or the age of majority in your state).

In addition, Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s membership must use their child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s User ID to gain direct access to the account, and follow the procedures in the "Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use" Section of the 0 to terminate their child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s member; alternatively, Parents may send an email to the Site’s Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s User ID and request to terminate your child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s account and registration. We will not allow direct access to a user’s account and Personal Information by any person without the user’s User ID. If a Parent does not have his or her child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s User ID, the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent’s name, address, telephone and email address, in addition to the child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s name and email address as registered on the Site, plus the child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s date of birth. The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager. Comedy Central will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s account and registration. The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address. Comedy Central will then terminate the child’s or Ineligible Teenager’s account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name, address and email address of the person making the request.

**Your California Privacy Rights.**

If you are a resident of the State of California, we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out (which we may sometimes refer to as " _unsubscribe_ ") or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as Advertisers) for marketing purposes. Therefore, pursuant to the California Civil Code, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.

If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please send a request by email to the Privacy Administrator at [privacy-admin@comedycentral.com](mailto:privacy-admin@comedycentral.com) or by postal mail to Comedy Central, Southparkstudios.com, 345 Hudson Street, New York, NY 10014, Attn: Your California Privacy Rights, c/o Privacy Administrator. 

**All requests must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the email subject line or envelope or post card.** For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to “Your California Privacy Rights”, include your name, street address, city, state, zip code and e-mail address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). **We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile.** We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
