> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the btcactivewear.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621102941id_/http%3A//www.btcactivewear.co.uk/store/index.pl%3FPageName%3DCookieInfo) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BTC activewear | The UK's no.1 multi-brand distributor of promotional, corporate, school and work wear

Cookies – What are they?

A “cookie” is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user's device e.g. a computer, tablet or mobile phone. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a website. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user's identification card, which tell a website when the user has returned.

They are used by most websites including BTC activewear’s online store. To make the best use of our website, on any device, users need to make sure that the web browser is set to accept cookies. 

How long do cookies stay on my computer?

_Session Cookies_

Cookies that are stored in the computer's memory only during a user's browsing session and are automatically deleted from the user's computer when the browser is closed.

These cookies usually store a session ID that is not personally identifiable to users, allowing the user to move from page to page without having to login repeatedly. They are widely used by commercial websites (for example, to keep track of items that a consumer has added to an online shopping basket).

Session cookies do not collect any information from the user's computer.

Session cookies expire at the end of the user's browser session and may no longer be accessible after the session has been inactive for a specified length of time, usually 20 minutes.

BTC activewear use session cookies within our website.

_Persistent Cookies_

Cookies that are stored on the user's computer and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies can retain user preferences for a particular website, allowing those preferences to be used in future browsing sessions.

Persistent cookies can be used to analyse users' surfing behaviour within the website. These cookies can also be used to provide information about numbers of visitors, the average time spent on a particular page and generally the performance of the website. They are usually configured to keep track of users for a prolonged period of time, in some cases many years into the future.

BTC activewear also use persistent cookies within our website.

How are cookies used by BTC activewear?

BTC activewear use cookies for internet-enabled devices in order to:

  * Allow users to securely connect to our web store
  * Remember the content of the online shopping basket
  * Transmit online orders
  * Evaluate the use of BTC web pages
  * Assess web browser capabilities



What cookies are used by BTC activewear?

The following cookies are used within the BTC web store:

Cookie Name | Purpose  
---|---  
Main1 | This session cookie gives users an anonymous ID whilst you are using the BTC activewear site so that our web servers can respond to your actions. This cookie is deleted once the web browser is closed.  
AWS_USERID | This persistent cookie is used to collect anonymous information about usage of web pages from within the BTC website only. This cookie is not deleted when the web browser is closed.  
AWS_SESSIONID | This persistent cookie is used to collect anonymous information about the user's web browser capabilities and is used by BTC to test and develop web pages for the relevant web browsers used by our customers. This cookie is not deleted when the web browser is closed.  
TCUAN | This persistent cookie is used for tracking solely as a website security measure and to help us enhance the website experience for users. This cookie is not deleted when the web browser is closed.  
  
**Third-party cookies**

Third parties may use their own cookies when you click on an advertisement or link on our website. These third parties are responsible for setting out their own cookie and privacy policies.

The BTC website currently includes a link to our courier's website (www.dpd.co.uk). This link is made available in order to allow customers to track the status of deliveries in transit.

For further details of the cookies used by DPD's website then please visit:

<http://www.dpd.co.uk/content/privacy.jsp>

Further details about Cookies

For further information about cookies please visit: 

[www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)

This privacy policy sets out how BTC activewear uses and protects any information that you give us when using this website.

BTC activewear is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

BTC activewear may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 19/09/2012.

What we collect

BTC may collect the following information:

  * Name and job title
  * Contact information including email address
  * Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
  * Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers



What we may do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * Internal record keeping
  * We may use the information to improve our products and services
  * We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
  * Our email communications may include user click tracking explicitly for the purpose of measuring the effectiveness of our electronic communications.
  * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests



Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

All requests sent to our web servers are logged with an IP address. For logged-in users this IP address is also recorded for the applicable online user profile. This security procedure is undertaken solely as a fraud-prevention measure and the information obtained is not used for any purpose other than helping to keep our customer's personal and commercial data secure.

BTC endeavours to keep our website secure at all times. However, you recognise when providing your information to us through our website or when you send us or ask us to send you any of your confidential information by email, that the internet and email communications over the internet may not be secure. BTC cannot be held responsible for any loss or unauthorised interception of information transmitted via the internet which is beyond our control.

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Controlling your personal information

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information.

If you do not wish BTC to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes then please email us at: [support1@btcactivewear.co.uk](mailto:support1@btcactivewear.co.uk)

You may also request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:

BTC Activewear Limited  
Point 1 Opus 9, Axletree Way  
Wednesbury  
West Midlands  
WS10 9QY  


If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

To read our full terms and conditions of sale and website use, please click [here](http://www.btcactivewear.co.uk/store/index.pl?PageName=WebsiteConditions#Condition).
