> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bmibaby.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161014060914id_/https%3A//www.bmiregional.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BMI Regional bmi regional airlines

## All personal information held by bmi regional in the UK is governed by the UK Data Protection Act. Any changes to this privacy policy will be updated on this page.

### Security

To ensure the highest standards of security, the booking system used by bmi regional, encrypts information using the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL). Consequently, bookings can only be made where customers use Mozilla Firefox 1 and above, Internet Explorer 5.5 and above, or any Web browser which supports SSL.The use of SSL allows all personal information, such as your credit card number, to be encrypted as it travels from your computer to the booking system used by bmi regional. Once received, the information is unencrypted and processed in the same way as a credit card transaction placed via the telephone. At no time is your credit card number stored on our website, or in our online database – it is passed straight back to our secure servers, where it only exists as part of the record of your transaction.

All booking profile information on our website is held on a secure server. Once your PIN number has been entered, all data is encrypted and it is not possible for an unauthorised user to access. Most browsers will notify you when you have established a secure connection. If you are not sure about this, consult the help section of your browser. If your browser does not support SSL, bmi regional recommends that you update to the latest version.

### What personal information is used by bmi regional and why?

On various pages of our website, you have the option to provide us with personal information, all of which is kept securely.

We require specific information from you in order to process an airline booking. This information will be used for the purposes of providing you with air transport services. It is possible that such information may be processed outside of Europe.

### Direct Marketing and Special Offers

On various pages of our site we offer you the opportunity to receive information about products, promotions and special offers which we think may interest you. Information provided is securely stored on our network, and is primarily used to email special offers, news and promotions directly to you. We also allow you to enter specific personal information, including your name, mailing address, etc. This specific information is used to improve the level of service and functionality available online. This information may be shared with companies within the British Midland Regional Ltd, or with designated market research companies carrying out research on behalf of British Midland Regional Ltd.

If you have signed up for marketing communications online, we will communicate with you as a registered customer.

You can change your personal details or withdraw from our mailing list by contacting website administration at bmi regional, Aberdeen Airport, Wellshead Drive, Dyce, Aberdeen AB21 7EU.

### Links to Other Websites

For your convenience and information, the bmi regional website provides links to other websites. bmi regional would like to make you aware that these sites may have different security and privacy policies, which we have no control over. We take no responsibility for any information submitted to these sites.

### Use of Cookies

A cookie is a small executable file or txt file that is stored on your PC or mobile device. It is generated by a web server and placed on your machine for future access.

Certain bmi regional activities such as advertising and research implement the use of cookies. This means that bmi regional may compile statistics about users, information requests, traffic patterns and any other related site information to reputable third parties. However, bmi regional will not provide any information of this nature to any third party that could identify you as an individual.

### Customs and Immigration Authorities

bmi regional and other airlines are obliged by new laws introduced in the US and other countries, to give border control agencies access to passenger data. Accordingly, any information we hold about you and your travel arrangements may be disclosed to the customs, immigration and law enforcement authorities of any country in your itinerary.

In addition, new laws in the US and other countries, require bmi regional and other airlines, to collect ‘Advance Passenger Information’ (passport and associated information) for all passengers, prior to travel to or from those countries. bmi regional is required to provide this information to the relevant customs and immigration authorities.

### Copyright

Copyright material appears on the site which is our or our Licensor’s property. Do not copy anything on the site without our prior emailed or written consent. Except as expressly stated on this website we do not give permission for you to republish, alter, transmit or otherwise copy any material on the site, but you may download information on the site for your own personal use. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of the downloaded material will be permitted without our express permission and that of the copyright owner. All bmi regional branded logos on this site are our trade marks. You may not use them without our permission.

### Customer Survey

We may pass on your details to nominated market research companies, solely for the purpose of carrying out research on behalf of bmi regional. This research is intended to assist us in improving the service we offer our customers. No personal information will be used for marketing purposes.

### Air Carriers Banned in the EU

Following the preparation by the European Commission of a list of air carriers subject to an operating ban within the European Union, all air carriers operating in the European Union are required to bring passengers’ attention to the list on their websites. In compliance with this formality, the current list and further related information can be found on the [European Commission website](http://ec.europa.eu/index_en.htm). We would like to reassure our passengers that the publication of this list is simply a formality and that any contract of carriage you enter into with us will not involve a flight with a carrier on the banned list.

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Ok[Read more](https://www.bmiregional.com/cookies/)
