> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ecobee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-09-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090901070327id_/http%3A//www.ecobee.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ecobee - Programmable Thermostats and Other Green Living Products - Privacy Policy

ecobee Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used, and we will make every effort to ensure that our activities keep within the spirit of this Privacy Policy. Please note that by visiting and using ecobee.com, or any other website owned and operated by ecobee Inc., you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

#### What Information is ecobee Inc. gathering about its visitors and how is it being used?

Every computer connected to the Internet is provided with a domain name (e.g. someispname.net) and an IP Address (e.g. 192.164.13.145). When a visitor requests a page from within the ecobee Inc. website, our Web Servers automatically identify and log the HTTP request that is made to our Web Server. By itself, this information reveals nothing personal about you. In fact, the only information that we automatically gather and log is as follows:

• The IP Address of the Site that may have Referred you  
• Your IP Address  
• The Web Page that you may have linked to us from, if any  
• The Product Identifier for Version and Make of Browser (e.g. Internet Explorer®)  
• The Operating System platform that you may be running (e.g. Macintosh® or Windows®)  
• Search Words or Terms that are passed from a Search Engine (e.g. Google® or Yahoo!®)  
• Information readily available and stored in your Adobe® Flash ‘System.Capabilities’ Object.

There is absolutely nothing special about the information just described, and the practice of collecting this data has been generally standardized by virtually every Web Server on the Internet today.  
The purpose for this information is actually two-fold. One, ecobee Inc. has found it advantageous to examine visitor traffic in its aggregate, so that we can ensure maximum compatibility for the various Browsers and Operating Systems that visit our site. Additionally, as any business should attest, it is our desire to generate greater amounts of visitor traffic. By analyzing visitation patterns, referring URLs and Search Engine terms, we can strategically enhance our exposure on the Internet.

#### What about Cookies? ****

Cookies are small pieces of data that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser from our Web Server. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that may have been created from other sites. The ecobee Inc. website utilizes cookies only as a means of providing personalization features to our visitors. For example, we utilize cookies to manage your login to your personalized web portal once you have registered your ecobee Smart Thermostat.

You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Typically, by accessing the browser’s help feature you can obtain information on how to prevent your browser from accepting all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our website and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.

#### What other information does ecobee Inc. keep about me? ****

If you buy an ecobee Smart Thermostat and register your thermostat so that you can access your thermostat from anywhere on the internet, we will ask you for information about your house (for example, your address so that we can determine the nearest local weather station) and we will keep information about how your house performs (for example how quickly it heats up or cools down) and how your heating and cooling system performs. We use this data to make more intelligent decisions about how to manage your heating and cooling. We may also anonymously aggregate your data with data from other homes in order to create reports, benchmarks and allow you (and others) to compare energy usage, on an anonymous basis, with similar homes. We will also request your e-mail address – this allows us to email you alerts and reminders and allows someone to contact you if you so request. If you register for one of our mailing lists, we will use your email address to send you updates on the mailing list topic. We maintain a strict ‘No Spam or UCE’ policy that means we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.

The technician that installs your thermostat may link their business contact information with your thermostat. This information, if inputted, will appear with the Alerts and Reminders that are generated by the thermostat and can be found in the Settings-> About function on the thermostat or in the Settings-> About widget in your personalized web portal. ecobee provides technicians who install the ecobee Smart Thermostat with a thermostat portal. This portal allows the technicians to track and maintain the thermostats that they have installed and contains the following information; Thermostat ID number, the status of the thermostat (online/offline), the customer’s name, phone number and/or email. The technician will use this information to service their accounts and will agree to a strict ‘No Spam, or UCE’ as defined above. You can remove yourself from your technicians list of thermostats by using the Settings->About widget in your personalized web portal.

In addition, ecobee Inc. will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. If you are a member of our Mailing List, you will be contacted with announcements, news, and new products or services. You have the option of ‘Unsubscribing’ from out Mailing List at any time, thereby disabling any further such e-mail communication from being sent to you. If you wish to have specific communications with a member of the ecobee Inc. staff, you will be required to provide specific information that will be routed to the appropriate contact within ecobee Inc..

#### What information does ecobee Inc. collect when I purchase something? ****

If you purchase something, such as an ecobee Smart Thermostat, we need to obtain the appropriate information in order to complete the purchase transaction. Depending upon the method of payment that you select and your location, the required information may vary. However, generally speaking we will need:

• YourName  
• Billing Address (for Credit Card Orders)  
• Shipping Address  
• E-Mail Address  
• Phone Number  
• Credit Card Number (for Credit Card Orders)  
• Expiration Date (for Credit Card Orders)  
• CCV2 Code (for Credit Card Orders)

We use shopping cart features that safeguard this information by using industry standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encrypted servers. SSL encodes the information transferred between you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information.

#### Will ecobee Inc. disclose the information collected to Third Parties? ****

ecobee Inc. will only disclose your personal information or any of its log file information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such actions are necessary to:

• Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on ecobee Inc..  
• Protect and defend the rights or property of ecobee Inc., or visitors of ecobee Inc..  
• Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties.  
• Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.

ecobee Inc.uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. ecobee Inc.reserves the right to transfer information in connection with the sale of all or part of ecobee Inc.capital stock or assets to any third party. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. ecobee Inc.also provides ‘links’ to a wide variety of other web sites on the Internet. We are not responsible for their Privacy Policies or how those web sites manage information about their users. We strongly urge you to check with those web sites to determine their privacy policy.  
**  
** Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

Please send any notices or requests regarding this Privacy Policy by care of e-mail to: legal@ecobee.com  
**  
**Your California privacy rights****

California residents can now ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies' sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year.

ecobee does not share personal information about its customers with third parties for their own marketing purposes.

To request a printed copy of this disclosure from ecobee pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email at info@ecobee.com or write to us at:

ecobee inc.  
Attn: 

California

privacy rights

333 Adelaide St W

, 6th Floor

Toronto, ON M5V 1R5, Canada

Copyright © 2008, ecobee Inc. All Rights Reserved. ecobee Inc. and any marks and logos are Federal Registered Trademarks of ecobee Inc.. All other trademarks listed are the property of their respective owners.  
Revision: January 2009
