> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ecocard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212032536id_/http%3A//www.ecocard.com/cgi-bin/navigation.pl%3Fvid%3D2394774%26sel%3D0105%26inc%3D0010%26expt%3D1) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EcoCard Ltd. – Your Electronic Card Operator

  


Privacy Policy of EcoCard Ltd.

EcoCard Ltd. values the privacy of its Users. Customer privacy is our top priority; our services were designed with your privacy concerns in consideration. The registration process requires only a valid e-mail address and funds can be transferred to the EcoCard using cash deposits, providing the most anonymous and secure form of payment.

**Information about our Organization and Website:** Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of EcoCard Ltd., a European company with headquarters in Luxembourg. Our principal activity is Internet-based financial payments. The current Privacy Policy covers EcoCard Ltd. and its website [www.ecocard.com](https://web.archive.org/?langid=en).

**Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access on Public pages:** You can access our website public pages and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. No registration is necessary to browse the information on the site.

**The services and links of our Website:** Our website does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. The site includes links to third party websites that are opened in a new browser window. Please note that third party websites have individual policies towards the privacy of customer information that may differ from ours. EcoCard Ltd. is not responsible for their operations, including but not limited to, content or privacy practices employed by third party websites. Before submitting personal information to these sites, you should read their privacy policies.

**Automatic Collection of Information:** We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. In order to understand our Users’ preferences better and to advance the level of our service we automatically collect and analyze information such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) click flow to and through our website, including date and time. We do not use "cookies" when your Web browser accesses EcoCard Ltd. website (except for the presentation page).

**Data Collection and Purpose Specification:** Through our online registration process in addition to the secret question and answer information, we will collect an email address. We also collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services; for instance, names, address, phone/fax details, etc. This information is collected on a purely voluntary basis and is used during technical and customer administration support processes. You can choose not to provide certain information. We collect and store all information relating to movements and activities in the EcoCard in the MyEco section including but not limited to: amount, type of transaction (transfer, payment, etc.), fees, reports, deposit information, etc.  
Any correspondence sent to us, including but not limited to faxes, emails, phone calls, is retained and stored in association with the EcoCard information, for the purpose of improving the Eco Systems and Customer Support service, protection against fraud and breach of the Eco Terms of Service. Merchants applying to register with our service will be required to provide additional information and we may check and verify the background business and operational information through various means. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.

**Children's Privacy:** We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We do not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to us. We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page, or at those pages on our website where we collect personal data.

**Information Disclosure:** We will not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations. However, we may disclose aggregate demographic information (that cannot be associated with any specific user) to third parties including but not limited to business partners for the purpose of research. In the event of EcoCard closure by a Customer, EcoCard Ltd. will mark the account as closed and keep the information for the purposes of combating fraudulent activities and any inquiries that may occur.

**Data Security / Confidentiality:** EcoCard Ltd. takes a lot of care to protect and secure your data and interaction, by using state-of-the-art technologies and processes. Customer security is at the center of everything we do! When moving data between your computer and ours, we use the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available). This means that any outsider trying to inspect this data will only see garbled data. We use a secure transmission method to collect various types of personal data such as website identifiers and personal data from our Customers. At EcoCard Ltd.’s service center, we keep your information on a server that is guarded both physically and electronically. Only a handful of authorized persons with special security clearance have emergency access to the data. Our servers are electronically protected by the services of a well-reputed security service, using the latest firewall and Intrusion Detection Service technologies and processes available. We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees and data processors that have access to and are associated with the processing of personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the personal data of our Users. As a testament to our security commitment, we have dedicated staff that continues to monitor and upgrade our existing security policies, procedures, and technologies as our business grows. For your protection against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer, you must also remain guarded and never share your password. Be sure to sign out when finished using a shared computer. Please check the [Eco Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/navigation.pl?vid=2516504&sel=0105&inc=0007&expt=1) for more information on how to protect your password. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.

**Contacts with EcoCard Users:** Communication with EcoCard Users is pursued on a regular basis by email, phone, and/or fax to provide customer service assistance, investigate and resolve complaints and transactions connected to operations with EcoCard. EcoCard Ltd. uses email correspondence to inform its Users about EcoCard registration and activation, deposits and/or withdrawals to/from EcoCard, about core changes in the EcoCard products and services. Users cannot opt out of this email communication that is rather of the informative nature than promotional. EcoCard Ltd. can use email correspondence for sending other types of communication, including but not limited to the periodical newsletters. You can choose whether to receive such correspondence or not. If upon receiving such correspondence from EcoCard Ltd., you decide to discontinue, reply to the email with subject line “Unsubscribe”.

**Access to the personal data we may hold about you:** EcoCard Ltd. ensures your access to the following information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and updating that information: your EcoCard, your personal information and your personal settings. You can access your personally identifiable information, modify, or erase it online by clicking 'Personal Information' under 'Personal Settings' on the secured part of the EcoCard Ltd. We do not reserve the right to refuse to provide you with a record of your personal data.

**Privacy Support:** We actively monitor changes in industry standards that may affect the content of our Privacy Policy. We encourage customers to login to the website frequently in order to be aware of any such changes. Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to [privacy@ecocard.com](mailto:privacy@ecocard.com).

By visiting EcoCard Ltd. website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. EcoCard Ltd. reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We urge you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit EcoCard Ltd. website to obtain the most current version.

  

