> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ecollege.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003000727id_/http%3A//www.ecollege.com/Privacy_Policy.learn) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eCollege: Privacy Policy

### Submitted Information

Pearson eCollege is committed to providing you with the best value products and services in our industry.  If you’ve submitted your personal identity information through the Pearson eCollege website, we want you to know how it will be used. By registering with or contacting us through the Pearson eCollege website, you agree that any information or comments you provide may be shared between Pearson eCollege, its affiliated companies and partners, and used without restriction to contact you and to improve or market our products and services. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party, and will exercise reasonable efforts to keep the information secure. Pearson eCollege recognizes and respects your online privacy.

### Cookies

When you visit the eCollege website, we may send you a “cookie”. A cookie is a small data or text file that is stored on your computer to enable us to recognize you each time you visit the eCollege website and to help us analyze how users use the Pearson eCollege website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Pearson eCollege website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored for analysis.  Pearson eCollege will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Pearson eCollege website, compiling reports on website activity for our website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Pearson eCollege may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties collect, process or store the information on Pearson eCollege 's behalf. Pearson eCollege will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Pearson eCollege. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the eCollege website. By using the Pearson eCollege website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Pearson eCollege in the manner and for the purposes set forth above. Pearson eCollege cookies are not used to collect personally identifiable information.  Some examples of what data collected from cookies may be used for:

  * Counting the number of times you visit the Pearson eCollege website
  * Compiling anonymous statistics on website use
  * Gathering information on the type of Internet browser and operating systems used



### Links

The Pearson eCollege website contains links to other websites. Pearson eCollege is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
