> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ecorptv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-02-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110201181159id_/http%3A//ecorptv.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Business Video Sharing, Video Hosting, Video Streaming

**Personal Information**  
Non-Account Activity. You can watch videos on eCorpTV.com without opening an Account. You can also contact us about a particular video without having a eCorpTV.com Account.

**Account-Related Activity**   
Certain other activities on eCorpTV.com - such as uploading videos, posting comments, flagging videos, or watching restricted videos - require you to create an eCorpTV.com Account. We ask for personal information when you create an Account including email address and a password, which is used to prevent unauthorized access. 

**Usage Information**   
We may record information about your usage, such as when you use eCorpTV.com, the channels, groups, and favorites to which you subscribe, the contacts with which you communicate, the videos you watch, and the frequency and size of data transfers, as well as information you display or click on in eCorpTV.com (including UI elements, settings, and other information). If you are logged in, we may associate that information with your account. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. "Web Beacons") in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. 

**Content Uploaded to Site**   
Any personal information or video content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your playback or profile pages, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.

**Uses**  
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through eCorpTV.com, we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the general and personalized features and functionality of eCorpTV.com, and to process any flagging activity or correspondence you send to us. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users when you upload videos or send messages through eCorpTV.com and other Users can contact you through messages and comments. Any videos that you submit to eCorpTV.com may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. If you have enabled Active Sharing, other users may see that you, as identified by your account name (not your email address), are watching the same video.

**Opt-in or opt-out**  
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes, such as notifying you of major eCorpTV.com changes or for customer service purposes. We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, and clickstream data, to improve the quality and design of eCorpTV.com and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, analyzing, and processing user preferences and trends, as well as user activity and communications.

**Cookies**  
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the eCorpTV.com; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. If you download the eCorpTV.com Uploader, your copy of the Uploader includes a unique application number. The unique application number and information about your installation of the Uploader (e.g. version number, language) will be sent to eCorpTV.com when the Uploader automatically checks for updates. 

**Information That is Publicly Available**   
When you create an account on the site, some information about your account and your account activity will be provided to other Users of the site. This may include the date you opened your account, the date you last logged into your account, your age (if you choose to make it public), the country and the number of videos you have watched. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users when you engage in certain activity on the site, such as your upload videos or send messages through the eCorpTV.com. Other Users can contact you through messages and comments. You may also choose to add personal information visible to other Users on your channel page (which is the public facing page for your account on the site). This may include a profile picture, you name, gender, relationship status, or other details. If you choose to add certain features to your channel page, then these features and your activity associated with these features will be displayed to other Users and may be aggregated and shared with your confirmed friends or other Users. Such shared activity may include what videos you listed as favorites, rated or uploaded. Any videos that you submit to the eCorpTV.com may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. If you have enabled Active Sharing, other users may see that you, as identified by your account name (not your email address), are watching the same video. 

**Your Choices**   
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through eCorpTV.com, in which case you can still view videos and explore eCorpTV.com, but eCorpTV.com may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page. You may clear your viewing history at any time through the "Viewing History" feature. You may control the information that is available to other Users and your confirmed friends at any time by editing your account and the features that are included on your channel page.

**Links to Other Sites**   
eCorpTV.com allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to place advertisements within eCorpTV.com. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on eCorpTV.com. They automatically receive your IP address at that time. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. eCorpTV.com does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks eCorpTV.com to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men ages 18-24 who have viewed certain channels of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the eCorpTV.com, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks (see links below) for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. eCorpTV.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with eCorpTV.com is maintained and dealt with by eCorpTV.com in accordance with this privacy policy. 

Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Business Video Sharing, Video Hosting, Video Streaming. All rights reserved  
eCorptv.com is operated by [MarketMakers Group, Inc.](http://www.marketmakers.com/) 687 West Lancaster Ave. Wayne, PA 19087 · 1-800-909-6811 · [rlail@marketmakers.com](mailto:rlail@marketmakers.com)
