> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the naptimeismytime.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161103184605id_/http%3A//naptimeismytime.com/media/disclosure) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure and Privacy Policy | Nap Time is My Time

**Disclosure**

This policy is valid from 04 February 2011.

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by Emily Stephens. For questions about this blog, please contact [Emily](mailto:emily@naptimeismytime.com).  
This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org

**Reader Comments**  
Your comments are important to me and I appreciate the time you take to make them. Please know that the content of _all_ reader comments is reviewed prior to publishing. These comments may be edited or deleted, if deemed inappropriate.

**Privacy Policy**  
This policy was updated on 12 October 2016.

This privacy policy sets out how Nap Time is My Time uses and protects any information that you give while using www.naptimeismytime.com

Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 12 October 2016.

What we collect

We may collect the following information:

contact information including email address  
demographic information such as zip code, preferences and interests  
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers  
What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

We may use the information to improve our products and services.  
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.  
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.  
Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

How we use cookies

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

Advertising

Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. We may use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the website, one of which is http://www.gourmetads.com. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Service Provider disclaims all liability in connection therewith.

Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Controlling your personal information

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes  
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.  
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

Opt Out

For information about opting out of Gourmet Ads and ad serving partners please visit <http://www.gourmetads.com/about/privacy-policy>

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us.

**Copyright Notice**  
© Emily Stephens and Nap Time is My Time, 2010 – 2016. 

Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from Emily is strictly prohibited. The cropping of watermarks where applicable and all photo edits is not permissible, ever. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Emily and Nap Time is My Time with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. This copyright includes photographs, recipe instructions, and all other content found on this blog.

Commercial use and distribution of the contents of the website is not allowed without express and prior written consent of the author.

Any content used in an unauthorized manner is subject to [DCMA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dmca) filing.

For questions about this copyright policy, please contact [Emily](mailto:emily@naptimeismytime.com).

**Information on using our Facebook App**  
Your relationship with us is important, and we want you to know that we respect your privacy. When using our Facebook App, we do not store any of the information you grant permission for us to see.

**Amazon Services LLC Associates Program**  
Nap Time is My Time is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
