> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the merchant-info.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150319094454id_/https%3A//merchant-info.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iAccess

Privacy Policy

1\. Collection of Information: Depending on what you do when you visit any web site, you provide information about your visit to the site's owners. Your visit to iPayment Inc. site may provide us with certain statistical information collected on an aggregate basis as you browse the site. We use the information to improve the usefulness and quality of the site and to respond to our visitors' requests for information or other services. Except as specifically noted below or in the iPayment Inc. Terms and Conditions of Use, we do not use your personal information for any other purpose and we do not sell or distribute it to any third party. 

As you browse iPayment Inc.'s web site, we are able to collect information on the domain from which you contacted us, but not usually personal individual information such as your e-mail address. We also capture information that helps us track, among other things, the number of visits to our site, the number of return visits, which pages at the site are visited most often, where visitors were before they linked to our site and the number who leave our site via a link to another site. These statistics are collected through web server logs and cookies, which allow us to trace the paths followed by visitors to our site as they move from one page to another. Cookies do not capture your individual e-mail address or any private information about you. 

2\. Collection of Personal Information Through the iPayment Inc. web site, you have the opportunity to apply for a credit card or apply as a merchant to open an account for processing credit card transactions by your customers. If you choose to apply for a credit card or any of the other services offered by iPayment Inc., you will be providing personal information about yourself or your business to iPayment Inc.. We do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us in connection with your application for a service or product offered by iPayment Inc.. The information provided to us is used only for the purpose of considering, underwriting, approving and setting up your account for the product or service you requested. We do not sell or share your information with any third party. By providing us with the information, you consent to our use of the information to process your application for the services you have requested. 

When you send us an e-mail to comment on our products or services or to ask a question, we learn your exact e-mail address and any personal information about you that you elect to provide in the e-mail. The information is used only to respond to your communication, but will be stored, along with our reply, in case further communication is necessary or appropriate. Your e-mail address will not be used to send you unsolicited messages or information about iPayment Inc., nor will it be sold to anyone else for such use. If your e-mail requested information or other services offered through our site, your e-mail address will be used to provide the requested information or service until it is no longer available or until you affirmatively ask us to stop providing the product or service. We will not use your address to send you unsolicited information, unless it is related to the information or service you requested. 

3\. Children iPayment Inc. does not solicit data from children and does not market to children. 

4\. Linking to Other Sites Remember that when you link to another site from merchant-info.com, we do not control the site and neither our Rules of Use nor our Privacy Statement apply to the linked site. Your use of other sites is subject to that site's own Rules of Use and Privacy Statement and you should review them before browsing the site. 
