> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the merchtable.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150331075511id_/http%3A//merchtable.com/docs/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Merchtable

Your privacy is very important to us. Merchtable does not sell or share your information with outside parties, unless you authorize us to do so. We may share your email address and other information with an Artist's own business if you have purchased an Artist's product (such as buying a cd, record, or t-shirt) from us. When you purchase digital downloads from us we may be required to provide information to an outside party to enable the download to take place. If a product is not in stock or has to be shipped by an outside party, we may have to disclose your information, as reasonably necessary, to enable that product to be delivered to you. When you subscribe to our newsletter and the newsletters of our stores your personal information is never transferred to an outside source. Individual store newsletters are sent out without revealing any personal information, and you may unsubscribe from them at any time. Our policy covers the information you provide directly to us. Merchtable is not responsible for the privacy policies of these outside parties.

In order to better serve our customers, Merchtable uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. The data collected from these tools may include age, gender, and general interests. To opt out of this service please visit (this page)[https://www.google.com/settings/ads.]

As you browse Merchtable.com, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand your interests. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on this and other sites based on your previous interaction with Merchtable. The techniques our partners employ do no collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit (this page)[http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/] to opt out of AdRoll and their partners' targeted advertising.

We reserve the right to update our policy at any time.
