> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mergermarket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180414074843id_/http%3A//www.mergermarket.com/info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Acuris

This is the privacy policy of Mergermarket Limited incorporated in England and Wales with company number 03879547 of 10 Queen Street Place, London EC4R 1BE on behalf of itself, its affiliates and subsidiaries ( **Acuris,** ( **we** , **us** , **our** ).

This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. If you use any of our services via our site at <http://www.acuris.com/> (our site), we may collect personal information.

We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under number   **Z2611263.**

**Data Protection Legislation** means as applicable: (i) the Data Protection Act 1998, until the effective date of its repeal (ii) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, for so long as the GDPR is effective in the UK, and (iii) any successor legislation to the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR, in particular the Data Protection Bill 2017-2019, once it becomes law.

**INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU**

We may collect and process the following information about you:

  * names, date of birth, gender, email, telephone number, address, and IP address;
  * details of transactions you carry out through our Site; and
  * details of your visits to our site (including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise) and the resources that you access.



**IP ADDRESSES**

We may collect information about your computer, including where available, your IP address, operating system, and browser type for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.

**COOKIES**

We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:

  * to estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
  * to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests;
  * to speed up your searches; and
  * to recognise you when you return to our site.



You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.

Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.

**GOOGLE**

Our site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ( **Google** ). Google Analytics uses cookies, which (as mentioned above) are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our site. By using our site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA**

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ( **EEA** ), including any member of our group (meaning any parent undertaking or subsidiary undertaking of us, as those terms are defined at section 1162 of the United Kingdom’s Companies Act 2006). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

**USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION**

We use information held about you in the following ways:

  * to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
  * to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, where you choose to do so;
  * to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
  * to send you a newsletter;
  * to respond to your queries;
  * to operate, administer, and maintain our systems
  * to report to our advertisers on aggregate information about our users’ browsing actions and patterns;
  * to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them;
  * to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes; and
  * to notify you about changes to our service.



We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.

If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.

**DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION**

We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group.

We may disclose your personal information to third parties:

  * in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
  * if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about its customers may be one of the transferred assets; and
  * if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements or to protect the operation of our site, or the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.



**YOUR RIGHTS**

You have the following rights, **in certain circumstances** , in relation to your personal data:

  * The right to be informed.
  * The right to  object to the processing of your personal data.
  * Rights in relation to automatic decision making and profiling.
  * The right to access information which we hold about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, and you can contact us at our registered address as given above. Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
  * The right of rectification to ensure that we hold correct and up to date information. If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or out of date, please contact us at our registered address. We may need to ask you for further information and identification to help us to comply with this request.
  * The right to request that your personal information is erased (subject to certain limitations).
  * The right to restrict the processing of your personal data (subject to certain limitations).
  * The right to data portability (subject to certain limitations).



**LINKS**

Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. 

Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

**CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.

**CONTACT**

Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to [customerservices@mergermarket.com](mailto:customerservices@mergermarket.com). 
