> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the meriden.k12.ct.us privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029153701id_/http%3A//www.meridenk12.org/Privacy_Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for this website owned and managed by the Meriden Board of Education. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:

  * What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
  * The choices available to you regarding the use of your data.
  * The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
  * How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.



## Information Collection, Use, and Sharing

We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.

We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use the site. Google Analytics uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The anonymous information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for the Meriden Board of Education only.

We will never use Google Analytics to track or to collect any personally identifiable information. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

## Links

This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.

## Surveys & Contests

From time to time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and our marketing efforts in general.

## Your Access to and Control Over Information

You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via our contact form or phone number given below:

    * See what data we have about you, if any.
    * Change/correct any data we have about you.
    * Have us delete any data we have about you.
    * Express any concern you have about our use of your data.



## Security

We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.

While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.

Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.

If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 203.630.4171 or via our [online contact form](https://web.archive.org/ContactForm/).
