> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the axlethemes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170201163513id_/http%3A//axlethemes.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy – Axle Themes

Axle Theme products refer to the plugin, themes and product customization sold by us. Axle Theme follows the privacy policy of WordPress.org websites. You can also refer to https://wordpress.org/about/privacy/

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, Axle Themes collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Axle Themes’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Axle Themes’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Axle Themes may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Axle Themes also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Axle Themes does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to Axle Themes choose to interact with Axle Themes in ways that require Axle Themes to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Axle Themes gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a username and email address. In each case, Axle Themes collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Axle Themes. Axle Themes does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Aggregated Statistics**  
Axle Themes may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Axle Themes may reveal how many downloads a particular version got, or say which plugins are most popular based on checks from api.Axle Themes, a web service used by WordPress installations to check for new versions of WordPress and plugins. However, Axle Themes does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
Axle Themes discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Axle Themes’s behalf or to provide services available at Axle Themes, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Axle Themes, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Axle Themes will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Axle Themes discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Axle Themes believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Axle Themes, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Axle Themes website and have supplied your email address, Axle Themes may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Axle Themes and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Axle Themes takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Axle Themes uses cookies to help Axle Themes identify and track visitors, their usage of Axle Themes, and their website access preferences. Axle Themes visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Axle Themes’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Axle Themes’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Axle Themes may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Axle Themes’s sole discretion. Axle Themes encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
