> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the palwow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231095303id_/http%3A//www.palwow.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Palwow

Palwow ("Palwow" or "we") operates Palwow.com. This Privacy Policy describes palwow’s use and sharing of personally identifiable information ("PII"-- your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number) that members voluntarily provide to palwow when they register (also known as "Registration PII"). The Term "User" refers to a vistor or a Member. This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by palwow, including any palwow-branded URL (the "palwow Website"), the palwow instant messaging service, the palwow application developer service and other features (for example, music and video embedded players), palwow mobile services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by palwow in connection with the palwow Website (collectively, the "palwow Services"). The palwow Services are hosted in the United States.

The palwow Website is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age.

General. When palwow collects PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting Registration PII to us in order to register as a Member of palwow. Palwow may also collect PII from you if you choose to participate in palwow Services activities like mobile recharges, sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you with products, mobile recharge, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to palwow for review. 

In addition, palwow collects other non-PII including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type. This data is used to manage and improve the palwow Services, track usage, and for security purposes. 

Palwow Members may also choose to provide or store non-PII information in their profiles, including but not limited to date of birth, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom they are affiliated (schools, companies), videos and/or pictures, private messages, bulletins or personal statements (collectively "Profile Information"). The Profile Information in a Member’s profile is provided at his or her sole discretion.

Palwow Members can change their Registration PII and Profile Information at any time and can control how Visitors, other Members and palwow communicate with them by controlling their account settings, available within the "Edit Profile" portion of their Palwow profile.

Palwow Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Palwow Services may also carry advertisements from other companies. Palwow is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the palwow Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave palwow Services via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you.

Some of the advertisements that appear on palwow Services may also be delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect non-PII about your visit to or use of palwow Services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address. To opt out of information collection by these companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies.

Palwow will only use the PII you provide under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If palwow obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy. 

In order to locate other palwow Members that you may already know in the physical world, palwow allows Users to search for Members using Registration PII (i.e., full name or email address). palwow also allows Users to browse for certain Profile Information in order to help connect with Members (i.e., schools and/or companies where Users may have attended or worked).

Palwow may customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the palwow Website, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-PII and/or Profile Information may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. 

There may be instances when palwow may access or disclose PII, Profile Information or non-PII without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of palwow, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the palwow Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if palwow sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Palwow may transfer your PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

When a Member who is located in the European Union or any other country chooses to post Profile Information that will be publicly disclosed, that Member is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws. Palwow is not responsible under the EU local data protection laws for Member-posted information.
