> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the imgbox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231010219id_/http%3A//imgbox.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# imgbox - fast, simple image host

As a condition to using the Service, you agree to the terms of the imgbox Privacy Policy as it may be updated from time to time. imgbox understands that privacy is important to you. You do, however, agree that imgbox may monitor, edit or disclose your personal information, including the content of your emails, if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order), or as otherwise provided in these Terms of Use and the imgbox Privacy Policy. Personal information collected by imgbox may be stored and processed in the United States. By using imgbox, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Imgbox uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, AddThis or third-party social media plug-ins and applications. When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile (e.g., name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the "likes" you make) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application. 
