> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the imgur.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141230054142id_/https%3A//imgur.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Imgur

Automatically collected technical information: Our servers log information about each computer connecting with our site such as IP address, device characteristics, operating system, browser type, type of connection, page and image viewing statistics, and incoming and outgoing links. We associate this information with comments you post or votes you enter. We also log the metadata associated with any images or videos you upload. None of this automatically collected technical information is associated with any identified person at the time it is collected, but it could be associated with you under two circumstances: First, if you choose to give us personal data about you as described below, the technical information we collect that would otherwise be anonymous could instead be logged as coming from you; and second, if we are required to disclose our server logs as a result of a subpoena or other legal process, some third party such as your internet provider could match our anonymous technical information with you, using information beyond what is found on our servers. 

We may use cookies, web beacons, or other anonymous tracking information to improve our server's interaction with your computer, and we may partner with third party advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more customized ads, content or services to be provided to you. To trigger these cookies, we may pass an encrypted or "hashed" (non-human readable) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie on your computer. No personally identifiable information is on, or is connected to, these cookies. Although our servers currently don't respond to "do-not-track" requests, you can block these cookies in other ways, for example by going to <http://www.privacychoice.org/choose>. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (none of which constitutes personally identifiable information) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://networkadvertising.org/). 

Personal data you choose to give us: We collect whatever personal data about you that you choose to give us, such as name, address, email address, profile information, and credit card billing information. We consider such personal data to be "Private Data," and subject to the "Personal Data Protection" paragraph below, with the following exception: Any data (text, images, videos, etc.) you post to a public forum on our site, linked to or from our site, or share via a social networking or promotional function, will not be considered "Private Data" and will not be subject to the "Personal Data Protection" paragraph below. 
