> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the imgworlds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161208113337id_/http%3A//www.imgworlds.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | IMG Worlds of Adventure

1\. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) relates to IMGWOA’s website located at www.imgworlds.com, (the “Website”) and all associated redirection addresses.  
2\. IMGWOA is committed to protecting users’ privacy and the Policy sets out what information we collect, how we collect it and what we do with it.  
3\. Users may access and use aspects of the Website without the need to provide personal information; however, some features may not be available without personal information being provided, for example ordering products online, entering competitions or registering for promotional offers. IMGWOA and its authorised partners may also collect anonymous information about users’ use of the Website from cookies and/or pixel tags. This collected information is used for statistical analysis within IMGWOA’s business. However IMGWOA’s use of cookies and/or pixel tags is in accordance with the Law. IMGWOA may also collect internet protocol addresses to assist to diagnose and rectify problems with IMGWOA’s servers, but these addresses will not be linked to a person’s name or identity.  
4\. Users’ information refers to the details such as name, address, contact details, credit/debit card details, preferences, specific needs, interests supplied to IMGWOA.   
Users’ information is collected in such circumstances but not limited to when a user:  
a. requests information from IMGWOA;  
b. applies for a job with IMGWOA;  
c. contacts IMGWOA with regards to any specific enquiry;   
d. registers with IMGWOA;   
e. enter a competition; or  
f. purchases a product or ticket online from IMGWOA.  
5\. IMGWOA may use such information for reasonable administrative purposes to enable the fulfilment of requests made and in accordance with any terms and conditions applicable. IMGWOA will not sell, distribute or lease personal information to third parties without a user’s permission or a requirement by law to do so.  
6\. IMGWOA may use information to provide updates on IMGWOA’s products and services. IMGWOA may share information with carefully selected partners to provide related products and services but whenever asked for information users will be given the option to opt out and when you are subsequently contacted will be informed how to opt out in the future.  
7\. All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.  
8\. User information will be held in ether IMGWOA’s (or a third party with whom we have a contractual relationship) secure databases at a secure addresses to prevent unauthorised access. The systems used are configured with data encryption or scrambling technologies and industry standard firewalls.  
9\. Any user providing information on and for and on behalf of third parties are responsible for ensuring they have permission to do so and must obtain that party’s consent and make them aware of this Privacy Policy.  
10\. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on a computer's hard drive. Once the file is added it helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to users as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about user preferences. IMGWOA uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps IMGWOA analyse data about web page traffic and improve the Website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Overall, cookies help IMGWOA provide users with a better website, by enabling IMGWOA to monitor which pages users find or do not find useful. A cookie in no way gives IMGWOA access to the user’s computer or any information about the user, other than the data the user chooses to share with IMGWOA. The user can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but the users can usually modify their browser setting to decline cookies if they so prefer. The same can be done for the Website. However, this may prevent the user from taking full advantage of the Website.  
11\. The Website confirms that it does not sell any goods and/or services prohibited under the UAE laws.  
12\. The Website specifically mentions that merchant requires CVV2/CVC2 verification.   
13\. IMGWOA regularly reviews its policies and amendments may be made and users’ continued use of the Website confirms their consent to the Website to use their information.  
14. The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore the Customers’ are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
