> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bombbomb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090405234514id_/http%3A//bombbomb.com/index.php/Examples/Privacy-Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BombBomb.com - Privacy Policy

| [](http://bombbomb.com/index.php) |   
  
---|---  
|  |  Privacy Policy  |  [ ](http://bombbomb.com/index2.php?option=com_content&do_pdf=1&id=62 "PDF") |  [ ](http://bombbomb.com/index2.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=62&pop=1&page=0&Itemid=67 "Print") |  [ ](http://bombbomb.com/index2.php?option=com_content&task=emailform&id=62&itemid=67 "E-mail")  
---|---|---|---  
  
**BombBomb, Inc. Privacy Policy** BombBomb, Inc. (" **BombBomb** ") has developed this privacy policy (the " **Privacy Policy** ") for the benefit of each user of this Web Site (referred to as a " **User** " or " **you** " ) to demonstrate our serious commitment to protecting privacy on this Web Site. The following information summarizes BombBomb's personal data gathering and distribution practices for http://www.bombbomb.com (the " **Web Site** "). BombBomb reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy, or any other policy or practice, at any time. Your use, or continued use, of this Web Site will be conclusively deemed acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy, respectively. Please see BombBomb's User Agreement for more information on the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Web Site. **Why does BombBomb need personal information?** BombBomb needs two types of data to perform its services:  your personal account information (the " **Account Information** "); and the data of subscribers who are on your lists (the " **Subscriber Data** ").We do not share, sell or rent your Account Information or Subscriber Data with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law, _provided, however, that_ we may provide such Account Information and Subscriber Data, without your advance permission, to (i) a contractor in connection with our provision of services to you or (ii) a party with which we merge or to whom we sell all or substantially all of our assets. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.

Upon termination of your account, both your Account Information and Subscriber Data will be deleted.

In addition, in order to provide our Users with a more personalized, relevant and intelligent service, BombBomb regularly improves this Web Site and the collection of certain personal data (the " **Personal Data** ") greatly assists BombBomb in this improvement process by identifying the interests and needs of the many Users to this Web Site. Although BombBomb's primary goal in collecting Personal Data is to deliver a customized and personalized service to you, with permission, BombBomb also uses the Personal Data it collects to send Users e-mail notification of new features or information available through the Web Site or that BombBomb otherwise feels might be of interest to Users of this Web Site. BombBomb also collects IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and others. **How and what information does BombBomb gather or track?** Through the use of "cookies" (as described below) and on-line data entry, survey, product purchase and registration forms, BombBomb may collect and/or monitor, in aggregate and individual form, personal identifying facts or data on, among other things, the following information: age; gender; home server; domain name; e-mail address; site traffic; name; mailing address; telephone number; and password.BombBomb gathers much of the Personal Data it collects on its Users during an initial voluntary registration process. Although the Account Information and Subscriber Data is necessary for BombBomb to deliver its services, much of the Personal Data collected is optional with respect to use of this Web Site.  Accordingly, Users can determine to a large extent what information they wish to submit on a voluntary basis to BombBomb. In addition to the initial voluntary registration process, BombBomb occasionally asks Users for personal information at other times, including when purchasing certain services on the Web Site. **"Cookies"** "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer's hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. The use of cookies is now an industry standard, and Users will find them on most major web sites. BombBomb may place and store Internet cookies on a User's hard drive. Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above. Cookies enable BombBomb to personalize the viewing experience of a User of this Web Site. When the User revisits this Web Site, BombBomb can recognize the User by the cookie and customize the User's experience at this Web Site accordingly. For example, BombBomb uses cookies to recognize User access privileges to this Web Site, track Web Site usage and traffic patterns, add advertisements for goods or services of interest, and estimate this Web Site's audience size.  BombBomb also uses cookies to store User names and passwords that are supplied at registration. Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, if you prefer, a User may decline the placement of a cookie on his or her hard drive by using the appropriate feature(s) of one's web browser software (if available) to delete the cookie. Users should understand, however, that certain areas within this Web Site may not function properly if the web browser will not accept cookies. **What about external web sites?** To the extent hyperlinks are utilized to access third party sites, Users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by BombBomb and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Users should check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized by the proprietors of those third party web sites.   **What does BombBomb do to keep this Web Site secure?** BombBomb has implemented a number of security features throughout the Web Site designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, BombBomb grants access to any stored personal information BombBomb may collect on its Users only to authorized personnel. Moreover, when a User registers on-line or accesses his or her account information through this Web Site, BombBomb offers the User the ability to use a secure server. The secure server encrypts all information a User inputs before it is sent to BombBomb.Please be advised, however, that although BombBomb has endeavored to create a secure and reliable Web Site for its Users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from BombBomb via this Web Site or E-mail cannot be guaranteed. When disclosing any personal information, all Users should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without User consent. Accordingly, Users should consider carefully if they want to submit sensitive information that they would not want disclosed to the public and should recognize that their use of the Internet and this Web Site is solely at their own risk. Users, alone, are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their personal information. BombBomb has no responsibility or liability for the security of personal information transmitted via the Internet. BombBomb urges all of its Users to be careful and responsible whenever they are on-line. **Can you opt-out of BombBomb's data collection and/or distribution?** As noted earlier, the collection, use and distribution of Personal Data greatly assist BombBomb in creating a more, personalized, relevant and intelligent service. Without the use of Personal Data, BombBomb could not deliver its valuable content and services in the most beneficial way. Consequently, BombBomb does ask for the submission of some Personal Data. At this time, BombBomb does not offer Users of this Web Site the ability to "opt-out" of having their data used as described in this Privacy Policy once they have provided information to BombBomb. However, as discussed above, registration and provision of personal information is voluntary. **What about the collection of personal information from children?** This Web Site is not primarily intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) ("children"). Accordingly, BombBomb will not knowingly collect or post information from children without parental or guardian consent. Moreover, BombBomb will not knowingly collect or use any personal data collected from children for any purpose whatsoever, including disclosure to any third party. **Further Questions?** BombBomb welcomes questions or comments Users might have regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your personal data. Please send any questions or comments to BombBomb at the following e-mail address, [support@bombbomb.com.](mailto:support@bombbomb.com.)

 

| Tell me about BombBomb  
---  
  
Send me what I need to know about BombBomb.com.  
  
Members  
---  
  
| 

© 2008 BombBomb.com 

| 

[Privacy Policy](http://bombbomb.com/index.php/Examples/Privacy-Policy.html) | [Terms of Use](http://bombbomb.com/index.php/Examples/User-Agreement.html)  
  
---|---
