> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bomcclub.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140525040405id_/http%3A//www.bomcclub.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Book-of-the-Month Club

We believe the responsible use of information is important for meeting your needs and providing consistent service quality. The more we understand about you and your needs, the better we can suggest book selections and products that are relevant to you. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of Book Of The Month (http://www.bomcclub.com). 

As we further describe below, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their marketing purposes. You can elect for us not to do this by writing to: Member Service Center , PO Box 916400 , Rantoul , IL 61866-6400 , or by sending an email to [books@m.bomcclub.com](mailto:books@m.bomcclub.com). 

Book Of The Month (http://www.bomcclub.com) collects and maintains personal information regarding its members: the personal information we collect and maintain includes name, shipping or billing addresses, telephone number, email address, and, if provided (by you), credit card, opt-in and other financial information (please scroll down to review our Security section of our Terms and Conditions). We may also obtain information about you from third parties, such as credit or demographic information. We may incorporate the information you provide with demographic information that is publicly available. We use this combined information to enhance and personalize your experience with us, to communicate more effectively with you, and to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. Throughout your book club membership, your account history and club experience is maintained in a secure customer file and certain information is provided to our secure third party modeling service provider(s). These modeling service provider(s) maintain files of compiled participant contributed marketing data. Participant access to this compiled marketing data is for limited purposes only such as to verify name and address information, marketing behavior and to assist in targeting mailings to a consumer's interests, etc. 

We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address) and third party financial and demographic information. 

Our website and email use "cookies" and similar means to gather information. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server if permitted by your browser settings. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you. Cookies are also used to recognize members' preferences, store session information (such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart), and past activity at our site in order to provide better service, easier access when members return to our site, and to enable the delivery of offers which may be of interest to you. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other websites you visit. We do use third-party advertising companies to serve advertising on our behalf. These companies may also employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure and enhance advertising effectiveness. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, click here: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>

We use the personal information we collect to service your account. All our third party service providers who may need access to our members' information to perform fulfillment and other services for us or our members are held to the strictest confidentiality requirements and are (a) only authorized to use the personal information for the intended purpose accessed and (b) not permitted by us to use personal information in any other way or for any other reason. 

We may use or disclose aggregate or third-party-provided information for any purpose.Book Of The Month (http://www.bomcclub.com) will only use your e-mail address to contact you about merchandise or product offerings which may be of interest to you, to contact you about your account, or for Book Of The Month (http://www.bomcclub.com)s internal use. We may share your information with other clubs or websites operated by our parent or affiliated companies. 

The following types of companies are sometimes permitted to use our members' names, email addresses, and mailing addresses to promote goods and services: Catalog, Publishing, Fundraising/Non Profit, Financial, Credit Card, Insurance, Newsletters, Other Club/Continuity programs, Education and Seminar Companies, and other Direct Marketing service firms. From time to time,Book Of The Month (http://www.bomcclub.com) may make arrangements with other companies to provide you with joint products or services. We participate in cooperative databases. Database participants provide customer names, and mailing addresses and information about their customers' purchasing history to the database which allows the database participants to segment and/or obtain access to potentially interested parties to target their promotions to. 
