> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gaadi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230045707id_/http%3A//www.gaadi.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# New Cars in India | Car Prices in India | Car India | Indian Cars

At Gaadi.com (" **Website** "), we believe strongly in protecting the privacy of your personal information, and in using it only in ways that have been notified to you. This Privacy Policy is a legal document which principally sets out what personal information we collect and retain, how we use it, whom we may disclose it to, the security measures we take to protect that information, and how you can correct inaccuracies in the personal information we hold. You should read it in conjunction with the visitor agreement/terms and conditions of the Website.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us at feedback@gaadi.com 

**The full policy is displayed below:**  
Gaadi respects your privacy and recognizes the need to protect the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number) you share with us. We would like to assure you that we follow appropriate standards when it comes to protecting your privacy on our Website. 

In general, you can visit the Website without disclosing your identity or revealing any personal information about yourself. [We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous.]

Some of our web pages use "cookies" so that we can better serve you with customized information when you return to our site. Cookies are identifiers which a web site can send to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the option to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you. 

There are times when we may collect personal information from you which you have volunteered to provide to us (or "opted in" for), such as name, physical address or telephone number, email address, mobile number etc. It is our intent to inform you before we do that and to tell you what we intend to do with the information. Generally, you will have the option not to provide the information, and in the future you will be able to "opt out" of certain uses of the information. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit the Website, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.

Gaadi will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure. Gaadi will continue to enhance its security procedures as new technology becomes available.

Gaadi will not sell, trade or disclose to third parties any information derived from the registration for, or use of, any online service (including names and addresses) without the consent of the user (we advise you read the terms of use/visitor agreement in this regard) or customer (except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the user or others). We may however use your information for the following: 

  


  * help us provide personalized features;
  * tailor our sites to your interest;
  * to get in touch with you when necessary;
  * to provide the services requested by you;
  * to preserve social history as governed by existing law or policy;



**We use contact information internally to**

  * direct our efforts for product improvement;
  * contact you as a survey respondent;
  * notify you if you win any contest; and
  * send you promotional materials from our advertisers and/or patrons.



By continued use of the Website and/or by continuing to remain registered with us, you hereby agree that you have read and understood the terms of use and the privacy policy set out herein. In case of any changes in this Privacy Policy, we may choose to inform you. Any lapse on your part to keep yourself updated with such changes will be your sole responsibility and Gaadi Web Private Limited will under no circumstances be liable for any loss, damage etc caused to you.

**This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.**

To Unsubscribe from Gaadi emails, [click here](http://www.gaadi.com/privacy/unsubscribe).
