> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the maxbupa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101204073534id_/http%3A//maxbupa.com/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Max Bupa Health Insurance > Privacy Policy

Max Bupa is committed to protecting your privacy and information of confidential nature which may become known to it while you visit and/or use this website.

Max Bupa is committed to take all reasonable precautions to preserve the integrity and prevent any corruption or loss, damage or destruction of the data and information. All medical information will be kept confidential and may only be disclosed to those involved with your treatment or care, or organization, which may be responsible for meeting your treatment expenses, or their agents. The information may be shared with an external organization if the same is necessary to enable Max Bupa to provide you services or to enable the compilation of a transaction, credit reporting, or the same is necessary or required pursuant to applicable insurance norms or pursuant to the terms and conditions applicable to such information as agreed to with Max Bupa. Needless to add, confidentiality norms as applicable shall be adhered. Max Bupa does not check, edit or reveal it to any third parties except where it believes in good faith, such action is necessary to comply with the applicable legal and regulatory processes or to protect its own rights and interests. Max Bupa also reserves the right to perform statistical analyses on the data and information without indentifying any individual to understand user behavior and characteristics and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. Max Bupa will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties.

Max Bupa may use "cookies" (Cookies are small data files that a website stores on your computer.) for storing visitor preferences, profiling visitors and tracking visitor behavior on this website. By visiting this website you acknowledge, accept and expressly authorize Max Bupa for the placement of cookies on your computer.
