> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the maxfashion.in privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190426062357id_/https%3A//www.maxfashion.in/in/en/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - MaxFashion.in

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations and privacy policy for access or usage of [ www.maxfashion.in ](https://www.maxfashion.in/) website

Lifestyle International Private Limited, MAX Retail Division, a company incorporated in India under the provisions of Companies Act, 1956  (referred to herein as **"MAX"** , **"we"** , **"our"** or **"us"** ) is in the business of operating retail outlets at various locations across India such as apparels, footwear, fashion accessories, etc, under brand “Max” and has designed developed and operates catalog website www.maxfashion.in [ www.maxfashion.in](https://www.maxfashion.in/) (or any successor site) and its related sub-domains, sites, Services and tools ( **“Website”** ).  The Website is provided to you for information, recommendations and/ or products or services offered to you at our various outlets and mode of distribution channel and is intended to allow you and other users to browse and order products and other goods or services (“ **Products”** and or **“Services”** ), which will be fulfilled by Landmark Online India Pvt Ltd subject to the terms and condition mentioned on the Website.  We are committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy policy (the **"Privacy Policy"** ) discloses the privacy practices for the Website and Participating Website (currently comprising of [ www.maxfashion.in,](https://www.maxfashion.in/) [ www.lifestylestores.com,](https://www.lifestylestores.com/) and their related sub-domains, sites, services and tools, or any successor site (jointly or severally referred as "Participating Website", as the context so require) and or affiliate or group companies of MAX. The number of Participating Website may also vary in the course of time. This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which we collect, store, use and protect the Information collected due to your use of Website. By accessing the Website and/or providing us with your Information you expressly consent to us processing your personal Information in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to delete, modify, change or supplement the content of the Website and or this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason without prior notification, and will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate Information on the Website.

**PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE AND ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITION ON THE WEBSITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITION ON THE WEBSITE, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE OR PARTICIPATING WEBSITE.**

  


  1. Change in the Privacy Policy: Changes in law or changes in MAX’s business may require changes to be made to the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time so MAX encourages you to review this Privacy Policy periodically or on every occasion You visit or use the Website or Participating Website for any such changes. It is your responsibility to carefully read, agree with the Privacy Policy on each occasion you use the Website or Participating Website and your continued use of the Website or Participating Website shall signify your acceptance to be bound by the latest Privacy Policy.
  

  2. Single Sign On: Each of us or our Participating Website offer a single-sign-on i.e. after a one-time registration on the Website or one of the Participating Website, you can sign on (login) to each of the Participating Website with uniform credentials, without having to go through a separate registration and sign-on process each time (“Single- Sign-On”). Single- Sign-On provides a single identity - the basis for Participating Website you wish to use recognizing and verifying you. Further after logging into the Website or any of our Participating Website you can easily visit any or all of our Participating Website through links in the Participating Website. You can update your account data at any time. Regardless, you also agree that these terms or any other terms and condition on the Website or similar terms and condition would be applicable to you for using the Participating Website. 



**Information Collected  **

The Information we collect about you may be broadly described in following categories: 

  1. **Personal Information:**  Your name, address, phone number, email address, user name, password, billing and credit card Information, order history, feedback, IP address and location, digital device name, type and configuration, details relating to your download of Publications via the Service (including details relating to the time of the download, any interruptions, and the success or failure of the downloads), the URL from which you accessed the Website, demographic Information, and other such 'Personal Information'.
  

  2. **General Information:**  We may also receive more general Information from you as a result of your visits to, and use of, the Website. This general Information does not identify you personally, and can include Information such as your IP address, the length of time you spend on the Website, your browsing history, and other such 'General Information'.



Personal Information and General Information shall collectively and individually be referred to as “Information”. 

All the above Information is collected for:

  1. Better servicing and account maintenance;
  2. To seek your feedback or to contact you in relation to those services
  3. Making the offerings more relevant to the you and your desires ensuring no spam mails go through;
  4. Keeping track of the transactions, to help in case of any dispute situations; dealing with enquiries, requests or complaints and other customer care related activities; and all other general administrative and business purposes; marketing products and services; carrying out any activity in connection with a legal, governmental or regulatory requirement or in connection with legal proceedings, crime or fraud prevention, detection or prosecution;
  5. To effectively administer and fulfil our obligations under any agreement (if any) we may have with you;



To collect the Information, we shall use channels such as physical forms, call centre, Website (including cookies), emails, promotional offers, surveys and mailers. Participation in some of these channels is optional but you may be required to provide your Information in order to participate. We are not liable to verify the authenticity or accuracy of any Information we collect from you. 

From time to time we may ask you to update your contact & Information with us on the Website or Participating Website, contact centre or through any other approved channels. This is to help keep you updated on services, any changes in the services and its enhancements. We will not be liable for any failure or default to notify you of any service, any change in service or its enhancement if you fail to update such Information in a timely manner.

**Access to Information:**

MAX collects your Personal Information to enable us and Participating Website, amongst other things, to provide the Website to you. We take all steps reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information.

**Information Storage & Sharing:**

Any Information that we collect and store that is personally identifiable is protected using appropriate means, and although MAX does so, it will not be held responsible for any unauthorised access by third parties. 

All Information shall be stored by us or one or more of our vendors, who will be bound by a non-disclosure agreement with us. We reserve the rights to hold your Information indefinitely. 

You agree that all Personal Information shall be retained till such time required for the Purpose or required under applicable law, whichever is later. Non-Personal Information will be retained indefinitely. 

We may share or disclose the Information collected and received under this Privacy Policy:

  1. With one or more of our corporate entities and affiliates globally to help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services as part of service offered to you through Website.
  2. As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, etc.;
  3. When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and interests, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request and the like;
  4. With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the Information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this Privacy Policy.
  5. If any of the entities or affiliates globally or group company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, the business entity that consequently acquires such Information will receive and store the same as per this Privacy Policy.
  6. To our Participating Website or our group companies anywhere in the world for general administrative and business purposes which may include:
    1. MAX’s use of other companies and/or individuals to perform functions on its behalf (e.g. processing credit card payments, providing customer service, domestic or international data hosting/storage services on cloud or otherwise), and in such circumstances these companies or individuals will be provided access to only such Personal Information required to fulfill their functions (and only on the agreement that they not use your Personal Information for any other purposes); and
    2. Purposes intended to deliver publications to you, verify your account information, verify access to publications, determine whether you meet the minimum system requirements for use of the Service, provide you tailored content and instructions, targeted promotions, provide customer support, and seek your input regarding MAX and the Participating Website. 



Apart from the forgoing’s, we may use third party service providers to help us operate our business, the Participating Website, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys and the like. We will only share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes. 

We may also share your Information with third parties under a confidentiality agreement which inter alia provides for that such third parties not disclosing the Information further unless such disclosure is for the Purpose. However, MAX is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal Information. MAX is not liable for any loss or injury caused to You as a result of You providing Your Personal Information to third party (including any third party websites, even if links to such third party websites are provided on the Website).

You may receive promotional offers, campaign details, company news, updates, related product or service Information, etc by email among other means. If you have opted to receive promotional offers there will be unsubscribe options with all such category of offers and you may choose to unsubscribe from such offers at any time by following the instructions included at the bottom of each email, or by contacting us via our Website.

Selectively, you may also receive various offers via your mobile number or postal mail. We also contact you via email for administrative purposes, such as change notifications or if we update our Privacy Policy. While you can elect to stop receiving email for promotional offers (as described above), you cannot unsubscribe from these administrative messages while enrolled on the Website. 

Our customer care department may also contact you in response to an inquiry you submit. Customer care may also contact you with regard to a particular problem that may have occurred with your account or with an offer in which you may have participated. We may use this Information to learn more about your participation in the Website and make it more relevant to your interests

**Information access by member:**

We respect your privacy and are committed to ensuring the confidentiality of your Information with us. We may contact you with useful Information on products and services through our telemarketing / tele calling activities, which may be beneficial for you. However, if you do not wish to be contacted through our telemarketing calls or messages, we request you to kindly register at our contact centre and give details of the telephone on which you do not wish to be contacted. However, we reserve the right to contact you through tele calling for Services related to your account. Further, we are committed to follow the laws laid out with regards to tele calling and telemarketing and, follow the guidelines set by any regulatory authority like TRAI in cases of DND policy or any such similar rules which may be in force. Once you have registered for any such DND policy, your telephone number(s) will be removed from all our telemarketing calling lists within 30 working days. We will ensure that you do not get any further telemarketing calls on the telephone number(s) that you have registered.

**Voice Call Recordings at Contact Centre:**

With a view to providing the best possible service to its customers, we will be:

  1. Recording voice calls made to our customer care with a view to better provide our services
  2. Monitoring the voice calls recorded; and 
  3. Overseeing the services furnished by the customer call centres. 
  4. Sharing with one or more our affiliate companies, all or any particular call recordings received from those customers who have been enrolled with us on the Website and/or a report with details of the complaints, if any, received by you or the customer. The sharing of voice recordings received from the call centres with our affiliate companies will be done in due compliance of applicable privacy laws.



All of the aforesaid activities are done, inter alia, to:

  1. Improve customer satisfaction
  2. Assure quality management and customer experience
  3. Identify and analyze the patterns and the types of requests/complaints raised by customers 
  4. Initiate remedial measures to prevent the re-occurrence of such complaints/issues
  5. Retain a recording of the voice calls; and
  6. Support any transactions that take place over the phone and/or if there is a dispute



**Links to Other Sites:**

The Website or any activities made on the Website and or Participating Website may contain features which link to other websites that may collect Information about you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites and Participating Website. In addition, such other websites may contain certain product and service offerings which are carried out independently by such third party websites and Participating Website. We are neither responsible for the working of such third party websites and Participating Website nor do we warrant or nor do we make any assurances of the existence, adequacy or functioning of security practices of any such third party websites and Participating Website. 

**Cookies:  **

We may use cookies or other technologies on the Website. Cookies are small files or records that we may place on your web browser for collecting Information about your activities on the Website, preparing reports, assessing trends, and otherwise monitoring the way in which the Website is being used. This is intended to enhance convenience for you, and to assist us to run an efficient operation. By accepting these Terms, you confirm your consent to our use of cookies, and other such technologies, for these purposes.

**Treatment of Personal Information:**

For the purpose of Single- Sign-On, certain Information is stored centrally in a database and is available to our affiliates or group companies and service providers connected with the operation of Website or Participating Websites.

MAX collects your Personal Information to enable us, amongst other things, to provide it to the Participating Website and Landmark Online India Pvt Ltd for rendering the Services to you. We take all steps reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information. If MAX is sold to a third party, or MAX otherwise becomes subject to a merger, consolidation or acquisition, it would become necessary for us to transfer your Personal Information to a third party, and in such case MAX would require that the third party handles your Personal Information with no less care than taken by us.

The email address you provide while creating the Single Sign-On will only be used to send you information and updates related to the Products. It may also be used to respond to your enquiries and requests. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you'll receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time by following the instructions included at the bottom of each email, or by contacting us via Website or Participating Website.

We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the Information. Specific employees only are authorized to access the Information on a need to know basis for business purposes only.

To keep your Personal Information safe, we ensure that sensitive and private data exchanges between you and MAX happen over a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)-secured communication channel, and are encrypted and protected with digital signatures. SSL-secured communication channels are specially designed to protect personal and sensitive Information (payment details), which is sent over the internet. Provided that Your right to claim damages shall be limited to the right to claim only statutory damages under Information Technology Act, 2000 and You hereby waive and release all MAX entities, its group companies, Participating Website from any claim of damages.

If you choose a payment gateway to complete any transaction on Website then Your credit card data may be stored in compliance with industry standards/ recommended data security standard for security of financial Information such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).

You may review or update the Personal Information that MAX holds in respect of your account by contacting MAXat [help.in@maxfashion.com ](mailto:help.in@maxfashion.com)

**Treatment of General Information:  **

MAX also collects your General Information to allow us, amongst other things, to better understand our users and improve the layout and functionality of the Website. MAX may use and disclose anonymous Information, including aggregate anonymous Information derived from your Personal Information, to inform publishers, partners, trusted affiliates, advertisers, and other interested parties as to the usage habits or characteristics of MAX' customer base, and to serve any other business purposes.

**Opt out rights:**

In the event, you do not wish that your Information to be used for the purposes mentioned herein or you wish to withdraw consent for use of your Information please e-mail us at [help.in@maxfashion.com  ](mailto:help.in@maxfashion.com) or call us on 1-800-123-1444. In such events, we may not be in a position to provide you any benefits or Services. Also, in case you choose to not share your name and/or mobile number, your registration from the Website will be terminated.

**Anti-Spam Policy:  **

Since email is an integral part for the Service being rendered, your sharing of email contact with us allows us to share the offers and promotions relating to the Service or Website via email with you. If you later decide not to receive any offers and or promotions relating to the Service or Website, you may unsubscribe by communicating to us. Please note that opting not to receive email does not exempt you from receiving administrative emails that include but are not limited to, notices about membership status changes or alterations to our terms of Service or this Privacy Policy any other service requests.

**Data Accuracy, Verification and Supplementation:  **

It is in your interest and it is our objective, for us to have accurate, current and complete Information concerning you and your account. We have strict procedures that our employees abide by to meet this objective. While some procedures are required by central, state or RBI regulations, we have implemented additional procedures to maintain accurate, correct and complete financial Information, including processes to update Information and remove outdated Information. If you believe that we have incorrect Information about you or your accounts, please intimate us. We will correct any erroneous Information as soon as possible. Data verification involves the use of third-party data processing services to standardize and clean your provided Information so that it is easily identified and accessed in our database. 

Guarding your own Information: We recommend that you take the following precautions to guard against the disclosure and unauthorized use of your Information:

  1. never provide Information that can be used to access your account over the phone unless you have initiated the call and know with whom you are speaking;
  2. update any changes in addresses or contact Information immediately through the proper channel;



**Force Majeure:**

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or terms of use or other terms and condition on the Website or elsewhere, MAX shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event (as defined below).

"Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of MAX and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer system or computer network,, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption (provided beyond reasonable control of MAX), power or electricity failure or unavailability of adequate power or electricity.

While We will endeavour to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any Personal Information which We hold about You and prevent unauthorized access, You acknowledge that the internet or computer networks are not fully secure and that We cannot provide any absolute assurance regarding the security of Your Personal Information.

**Grievance officer:**

In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: 

Mr. Vivek Shekar

77° Town Centre, Building No. 3, West Wing,

Off HAL Airport Road, Yamlur P.O.,

Bangalore - 560 037, Karnataka, India

Phone: 080-41796565 (Extension – 6080); 

Email: [vivek.shekar@landmarkgroup.in](mailto:vivek.shekar@landmarkgroup.in)

Time: Mon – Fri (9:00 - 17:00) 

In case you have any discrepancies and grievances in connection with this Policy or Terms of Use or any other terms and conditions mentioned on the Website, you may please contact the Grievance Officer mentioned above.

If you have any other questions or clarifications regarding privacy, or have questions about practices, please contact us via email at [help.in@maxfashion.com](mailto:help.in@maxfashion.com)
