> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the maxworkouts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151204182744id_/http%3A//www.maxworkouts.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MAX WORKOUTS: Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy outlines the information we collect, why we collect it, how we use this information (and the choices you have to review, revise and/or restrict our usage of it), and how you can contact us.

### Information we collect and how we use it

In order to improve our website and ultimately your experience with us, we collect information from you in two ways:

  1. Information you give us
  2. Information we collect from your use of our website



##### Information you give us:

When you place an order, we collect your name, email address, billing address, credit card number, and expiration date (this information is considered Personally Identifiable Information (PII)). When you sign up for a promotion, contest, free report, or email newsletter, we collect your name and email address.

We use this information to process any transaction, inquiry or promotion that you initiate with us, notify you of your order status, provide you with customer support and communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, including those that we think may be of particular interest to you based on information we have collected. You have the ability to unsubscribe from future email messages at any time (simply click the "Manage Subscriptions" link located at the bottom of any email you receive from us, then choose the email list(s) you want to unsubscribe from).

##### Information we collect from your use of our website:

Information is collected from your cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers upon visiting the site. Analyzing the customer data shows us how you interact with our website and content. By tracking usage patterns from customers, we're able to make adjustments to our web pages to improve your user experience and overall quality of the site. It also helps to facilitate our advertising efforts by targeting potential customers who have interests in our product. Some examples of collected data may include device information, location, date of visit, duration on website, demographic information, language, and interest information. We collect this data through a third party website, Google Analytics. 

### Third party website analytics and use of cookies, and advertising

Google Analytics helps us statistically analyze how users interact with the site. The tool uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for maxworkouts.com.

This website uses the Google AdWords Remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to reach people who previously visited our website. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the maxworkouts.com website. maxworkouts.com also uses Google Adwords Display Network for advertising which tracks demographic and interest information for target marketing of our advertising campaigns. None if this data collected can be linked or associated with your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) for advertising or remarketing purposes. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the [Google Ad Preferences page](http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/), and if you want to you can [opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings](http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/).

### Message boards (forums) & comments

maxworkouts.com posts articles and blogs where you may have the option to comment. You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards, forums, comment areas on blog or article posts, or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and this policy.

### Children's privacy

We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from children under the age of 18. If we learn that we have PII on a child under the age of 18, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage parents to go online with their kids to help them determine which types of websites are appropriate.

### Changes to this policy

This Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. Please check back often for the most up to date information.

### Contacting us

In summary, we use the information we collect on the site to make purchasing products and receiving information from us possible and to enhance your overall experience. We welcome your suggestions, ideas and opinions about how we can do a better job serving you. Please [contact us](http://www.maxworkouts.com/contact) if you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or if you would like to provide feedback.

Mailing address: 145 Corte Madera Town Center, #304 • Corte Madera, CA 94925  
Phone: (415) 992-7016  
Email: [support@maxworkouts.zendesk.com](mailto:support@maxworkouts.zendesk.com)
