> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aruljohn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626135303id_/https%3A//aruljohn.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Arul's Utilities

Updated date: May 26, 2018

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website aruljohn.com (also known as the **Site** and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

#### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data.

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Site or from the Site infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). 

#### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your computer or mobile device. 

#### Types of Data Collected

**Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. This identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

**Usage Data**

We may also collect information how the Site is accessed. This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type and version, and the time and date of your visit, and other diagonostic data. This information is served in the server logs and deleted every 15 days. We store this information to monitor the usage of our Site and to detect, prevent and address technical issues and prevent abuse of our Site.

**Cookies**

We use cookies to track the activity on our Site and to hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use on our Site:

**Preference Cookies** : We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

**Advertising Cookies** : Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. 

#### Transfer of Data

Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. 

#### Disclosure of Data

Legal Requirements: We may disclose your data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, protect and defend our rights or property, to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site, to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or to protect against legal liability. 

#### Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but there is no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage which is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

#### Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

#### Site Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site, to provide the Site on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Site is used. These third parties have access to your data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

#### Advertising

We may use third-party service providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Site.

#### Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie

As a third party vendor, Google uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google's DoubleClick cookie enables its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ 

#### Links to Other Sites

Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every web site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

#### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. 

#### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us on Facebook. 
