> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adaptivecurriculum.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130605090550id_/http%3A//adaptivecurriculum.com/us/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Privacy Statement | Adaptive Curriculum

## PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY

THIS PAGE PROVIDES GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PRIVACY POLICY OF THIS WEBSITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT WITH YOUR PARENTS OR GUARDIAN AND ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT THINGS YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND.

This website (the "Site") is brought to you by Sebit, LLC, and its affiliates. Sebit, LLC encompasses all business lines of Sebit, LLC and Adaptive Curriculum. At Sebit, LLC we believe it is important to protect your privacy, and this Privacy Statement discloses how we collect, protect, use, and share the personal information gathered on this Site.

Your use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Use posted on this website (which includes this Privacy Statement). The Terms of Use (including this Privacy Statement) or any part thereof may be revised from time to time through an updated posting, and therefore you should check the Terms of Use (including this Privacy Statement) periodically. Revisions are effective upon posting and your continued use of this website following the posting of revisions to the Terms of Use (including this Privacy Statement) will indicate your acceptance of such revisions. If you have any questions concerning the Terms of Use (including this Privacy Statement), please [contact us](mailto:info@adaptivecurriculum.com).

PLEASE ALSO NOTE THAT THE PRIVACY POLICES OF VARIOUS SEBIT, LLC OR ADAPTIVE CURRICULUM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WITHIN THIS SITE OR LINKED TO THIS SITE MAY BE SUBJECT TO DIFFERENT TERMS AND POLICIES. PLEASE CHECK ON THE APPROPRIATE PRIVACY POLICY LINK FREQUENTLY TO DETERMINE THE PRIVACY TERMS APPLICABLE TO SUCH SEBIT, LLC OR ADAPTIVE CURRICULUM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

## WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED

We consider the following to be examples of personally-identifying information: they include but are not limited to your first and last name, email address, home address, phone number, work number, work address and certain other information to the extent they are linked with your personally-identifying information.

The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at [www.adaptivecurriculum.com](http://www.adaptivecurriculum.com/) in furtherance of serving the user's needs and our legitimate business purposes. (For example, when the user requests a free trial, demo, or makes an online purchase or enrolls in a marketing promotion, we need to retain certain personally-identifying information on the Site in order to respond to their request). A user's personally-identifying information may be used by our company to help us improve the website, and also for our company's marketing and promotional purposes. We receive and store any information you enter on this Site or give us for these purpose only and not in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing features for you, and communicating with you. Except as specifically stated herein, our policy is not to share this information with third parties, but we may share this information with other companies within Sebit, LLC. We will never sell this information to third-party marketing companies.

## INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE

Information collected through this Site may be supplied to affiliates of Sebit, LLC, and other companies and organizations who perform work for us under contract or sell products or services that complement our products and services. We also may disclose personally identifiable information in the following situations: (a) in response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent permitted and required by law; (b) to protect user security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; (c) in connection with a sale, joint venture or other transfer to some or all of the assets of Sebit, LLC; or (d) in order to enforce the Site's Terms of Use. We otherwise exercise commercially reasonable care to not otherwise share or disclose the names of users or any personally identifiable information with third parties, except with the prior approval of the user.

###  SPECIAL NOTICE TO PARENTS AND CHILDREN

PARENTS: We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their Children (Children 12 and under) and to participate in the activities that may be offered on this Site. No personally-identifying information should be submitted to or posted on this Site by Children without the consent of their parent or guardian. We encourage parents to monitor their Children's online use, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them never to provide personally-identifying information on this Site or any other website without permission. We are also prohibited by law from conditioning a Child's participation in any activity on this website on the Child disclosing more personally-identifying information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.

CHILDREN: Please do not give your full name, email address, home address, telephone number or any other personally-identifying information that would enable someone to contact you either online or offline, without first asking your parent or guardian and teacher for permission.

We do not knowingly collect personally-identifying information from Children on this Site either directly or passively except when a Child may voluntarily submit such information through (i) a "[contact us](mailto:info@adaptivecurriculum.com) " link on a Child's area of this website or (ii) a public posting area, if such feature is available. If a Child e-mails us via a "[contact us](mailto:info@adaptivecurriculum.com) " link on any child directed area of this Site and we can identify the sender as a Child, any personally-identifying information submitted will only be used to respond on a one-time basis to such Child and will thereafter be deleted from our records. In addition, if we have actual knowledge that a Child is sending or posting personally-identifying information on any area of this Site, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such personally-identifying information before it is made public. We will never request personally-identifying information from a Child in any of our public postings areas. Please note that any online store that may be accessed from the Site is intended for parents, teachers and other adult purchasers over the age of 18 and requires the submission of personally-identifiable information to fulfill and service any transactions.

We may disclose a Child's personally-identifying information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose a Child's personally-identifying information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

###  PUBLIC POSTINGS

Users and especially Children should note that any personally-identifying information that is voluntarily posted to any public area of this website may always be collected and used by others. While we monitor such posting areas from time to time and will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete a Child's personally-identifying information prior to posting, we strongly encourage Children not to post such information.

###  COOKIES AND COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with this Site. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this Site. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide customized features to you. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of this Site's best features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. 

Prior to user registration, Sebit, LLC may employ cookie technology on this Site to (i) track non-personal information such as type of browser, operating system, domain names and IP addresses, and (ii) improve our visitors' experience online. Prior to user registration, we do not link IP addresses to any personally-identifiable information. However, once you register and affirmatively opt-in and provide personal information about yourself for purposes of receiving more information about our products and services or ordering products, such personal information provided by you or collected through the cookie technology may be used for marketing purposes back to you as specified on a registration page. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other marketing communications from us, please adjust your registration page to opt-out of further marketing back to you.

Please also note that Sebit, LLC reserves the right to monitor your compliance with the Terms of Use of this Site and may track your usage of the Site in order to confirm compliance with these Terms of Use. Sebit, LLC also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site for any reason, including non-compliance with these Terms of Use. 

Sebit, LLC uses or may use, a third party service, to collect anonymous visitor data on our network of sites. These services do not collect any personal information such as names, ages, phone numbers, addresses or e-mail addresses from visitors to the Site. Sebit, LLC uses internal or third party services to collect visitor information like IP addresses, browser types (such as Internet Explorer or Netscape or Safari), referring pages, pages visited and time spent on a particular site. Sebit, LLC uses this type of service to collect this information for the following purposes: (1) to provide statistical analysis of web page traffic patterns; (2) to administer our Site and servers; (3) to allow for auditing of our services by third parties; and (4) for internal marketing purposes. 

###  LINKS TO OTHER SITES

This Site may provide links to third party websites or resources. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms applicable to this Site. We recommend that you review any terms of use and privacy policy of any linked third party website before providing any information to that website or using its products and services.

Please note that this Site may also provide links to other sites brought to you by Sebit, LLC or Adaptive Curriculum. The Privacy Statement and Terms of Use of other Sebit, LLC sites may vary from this Site. We recommend that you review the privacy statements, terms of use and other policies or terms that may apply to other Sebit, LLC sites if you should choose to use such sites.

###  OWNERSHIP

This Site is owned and operated by Sebit, LLC and Adaptive Curriculum, its parent companies or affiliates and the contents of this Site are protected by copyright of Sebit, LLC and/or its licensors.

###  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT PRIVACY

If you have any concerns or questions about privacy on this Site, please [contact us](mailto:info@adaptivecurriculum.com).
