> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the picoquant.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161014064036id_/http%3A//www.picoquant.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | PicoQuant

#### Anonymous Data Collection

In general, you can visit our website without sharing your personal data with us. Whenever possible, we leave the disclosure of private data up to you. To some extent, however, data is collected automatically. For example, when you visit our website your computer automatically transmits your IP address, browser type, or access times. This data is referred to as usage data and may be processed for statistical purposes; however, as the individual user, you remain completely anonymous.

PicoQuant will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.

#### Collecting and Processing Personal Data

Certain services provided on our website require that you register with your name and/or e-mail address. Such data is collected only when it is provided voluntarily by you in order to, for example, maintain an active business relationship, sign up for a workshop or course, or request product information. Your data may be processed by PicoQuant GmbH for the purpose of supplying you with product and service related information adapted to your individual needs.

#### Usage and Transmission of Personal Data

Your data is used for contractual matters and the processing of your inquiries. Moreover, your data may be used for internal market research and to customize the electronic services offered by PicoQuant GmbH based on demand. Naturally, you can revoke this permission at any time from here on in writing.

#### Information about cookies

We use cookies to optimize our website. Cookies are small text files which are stored in your computer's main memory. You can stop cookies being stored by selecting "Block cookies" in your browser settings. However this may result in the function of our services being restricted. You may also manually control the setting of cookies on www.picoquant.com:

Your settings currently **allow** to set cookies. [Click here](http://www.picoquant.com/?ACT=89&RET=privacy_policy) to permit the usage of cookies on www.picoquant.com.

#### Web analysis

Our website uses Piwik (http://www.piwik.org), an open-source web analysis service. Piwik uses so-called "cookies", text files which are stored on your computer to allow your use of the website to be analyzed. The information the cookie generates about your use of this website (including your IP address) in this process remains with PicoQuant. The process abbreviates your IP address so that it cannot be related to a person. We use this information to evaluate usage of our website and to compile reports about website activities. We will not pass this information on to third parties. You can prevent the cookies being installed by making the appropriate setting in your browser software; however, we would point out that in this case, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. You can furthermore prevent the data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being recorded by following this link:
