> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yancor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140616021929id_/http%3A//www.yancor.com/data-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## Privacy

#### Inquiry, processing and usage of personal data

You can visit our website without providing any personal information. Personal data will only get inquired if you give them, caused by your order, to us. We use your advertised data without your separate agreement just for discharge and processing your order. With completion of the contract and full payment of your data will be blocked for further use and after the tax and commercial law deleted unless you have expressly consented to the further use of your data. When registering for our newsletter, your email address is used with your permission for advertising purposes until you unsubscribe from the newsletter.  


#### Revocation of Consent

The following consent you may have explicitly granted. We want to alert you that your consent at any time may revoke for the future:  
I would like to receive regularly interesting offers by e-mail. My e-mail address won’t be shared with other companies. This consent to use my email address for promotional purposes, I can revoke any time with effect for the future by clicking "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter.

#### Disclosure of personal data 

A transfer of your data is in keeping with the shipping company, to the extent necessary to deliver the products. For payment we pass on your payment information to the agency responsible for paying bank. There will not be a transfer to other third parties.

#### Data Secure

We secure our website and other systems through technical and organizational measures against lost, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons.

#### Right to Information

According to the Federal Data Protection Act you have a right to free information about your stored data, and the right to correct, block or delete this data.  
Contact for Privacy  
For questions concerning the collection, processing or use of personal information, the disclosure, correction, blocking or deletion of data and revocation of consents granted, please contact:  
Yancor GmbH  
Kurpfalzring 114  
69123 Heidelberg (Germany)  
Further details of the responsible entity, see the imprint.

#### Information about Cookies:

On several pages, we use cookies to make your visit of our website attractive and to allow the usage of certain functions. These are small text files that are stored on your computer. Most of our used cookies will get deleted from your hard drive after the browser session closes (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer when you next visit (so-called persistent cookies). Our partner companies are not allowed to collect, process or use personal data on our website using cookies.  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google") Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to analyze the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website to compile reports on website activity for website operators and providing other with website and internet related services. Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law, or where such third parties process these data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all features of this website. By using this website you agree to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose.

#### Use of Facebook Social Plugins:

This website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") from the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are identified by a Facebook logo or the words "social plug-in from Facebook" and "Facebook Social Plugin".

An overview of the Facebook plug-ins and their appearance can be found here:  
<http://developers.facebook.com/plugins>   
If you request a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is from Facebook directly to your browser and from that incorporated in the website. By integrating the plugin Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you don’t have a Facebook account or are not currently logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the USA and stored there.  
If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign your visit to our site to your Facebook account directly. If you interact with the plugins, for example, the "Like" button or press to leave a comment, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information will also be posted on Facebook and appear to your Facebook friends.

Facebook can use this information for purposes of advertising, market research and tailored design of the Facebook pages. Purpose of Facebook usage, interests and relationship profiles are created, for example, to evaluate your use of our website in terms of you that appears on Facebook ads to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website and for more of the to provide use of Facebook related services.

If you do not want Facebook to collect data about our website to your Facebook account associates, you must log out on Facebook before you visit our website.

For the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights and ways to protect your privacy, please see the privacy notices of Facebook: <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>   


#### Use of personal data choosing Klarna as payment

When you decide to use Klarna payment services, Klarna invoice and Klarna pay by hire-purchase, as a payment option, you have consented to us, the responsibility for managing the invoice purchase , identity and credit check necessary data, to use the the following personal information such as first and last name, address, date of birth, gender , email address, phone number, and the information necessary for the completion of the purchase invoice data that are related to the ordering, as applicable, the number of items, item number, invoice amount and tax as a percentage, to send to Klarna. The transmission of these data happens that Klarna is able to manage your payment by invoice, to create a reckoning and check your identity and credit assessment. Klarna has according to the Federal Data Protection Act a legitimate interest in the transmission of personal information of customer and requires them to communicate with credit reporting agencies for the purpose of identity and credit check information. In Germany, this may be the following credit reporting agencies: • Schufa Holding AG, Kormoranweg 5, 65203 Wiesbaden • Bürgel Wirtschaftsinformationen GmbH & Co. KG, Postfach 5001 66, 22701 Hamburg • Creditreform Bremen Seddig KG, Contrescarpe 17, 28203 Bremen • infoscore Consumer Data GmbH, Rheinstraße 99, 76532 Baden-Baden. As part of the decision on the establishment, implementation or termination of the contractual relationship Klarna will collect and use, apart from an address verification and information on the payment history of the buyer as well as probability values ​​for this behavior in the future. The calculation of this score values ​​by Klarna is performed based on a scientifically recognized mathematical and statistical method. To manage this Klarna will use, among other data, your address information. If after this calculation show that your creditworthiness is not given, you will get informed about that by Klarna immediately. Withdrawing of the use of personal data by Klarna: You can revoke your consent to use the personal data at any time. However Klarna is optionally further authorized to process personal data, to use and to provide, insofar as this is necessary for contractual payments through Klarna's services, required by law, or required by a court or authority. 2. Of course, you’re always able to get information about the stored personal data obtained from Klarna. This right guarantees the Federal Privacy Act. If you want this as a buyer or want to tell Klarna changes to the data stored, you can contact: [Datenschutz@klarna.de](mailto:Datenschutz@klarna.de).

#### Use of Google+

Our website uses the "+1? Button, from the social network Google Plus, which is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (" Google "). The button is "on the sign “+1” visible on a white or colored background. When you visit a page of our website, which contains such a button, your browser will connect directly with Google's servers. The content of the "+1” Button will send directly from Google to your browser and from that implemented in the website. We therefore have no effect on the amount of data collected, with the Google button. According to Google, without clicking on the Button no personal data is collected. Only if you’re a logged in member, such data, including the IP address, will be collected and processed. For the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Google as well as your rights and ways to protect your privacy, please visit Google's privacy notices to the "+1” button. and the FAQ: http://bit.ly/r3Qmer. If you are a Google Plus member and not want Google to collect information about you and link them to your member data stored in Google, you need to log out on Google Plus before you visit our website.  
Contract Data  
We save the contract-text and send you via E-Mail the order data and our GTC. You’re able recognize the GTC at any time here. Your order data aren’t available through the internet anymore because of security issues.   
The contract languages are German and English.

  

