> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yandy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190206045557id_/https%3A//www.yandy.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sexy Lingerie Shop, Intimate Apparel Lingerie Store, Sexy Halloween Costumes

Effective Date: 05/25/2018

This Privacy Policy describes how Yandy.com (“Yandy.com”, “Yandy”, “Yandy LLC”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) collects, uses, and shares personal information of users of this website, www.yandy.com (the “Site”). We periodically update this Privacy Policy and reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy or our privacy practices at any time. We encourage you to review this site periodically and we will alert you that changes have been made by updating the Effective Date of the Policy. Your use of the Site constitutes consent to any changes in this Policy as in effect on the date of such use.

 **YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.** You have the right to access personal information about you that Yandy has collected through this Site by sending a request for access to service@yandy.com. You can also request that we correct or delete any such information by choosing one of the following options: Send an e-mail to service@yandy.com and type REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING in the subject line; call 800-883-0860; Send your request by mail to Yandy.com Membership Services, 21615 N. 7th Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85027 Remember to include your name, address, membership number (if applicable) and phone number in the request. To verify that the request is authentic, we may require that such request be sent from the email address or billing address associated with your personal information. While we will comply reasonably and promptly with your request, we may need to retain some of your information for our own record keeping or to fulfill a legal obligation.

 **ONLINE PRIVACY—THE INFORMATION WE GATHER.** The type of information we gather online falls into one of the general categories: Aggregate Site Usage Information, Online Order Information, Voluntary Registered Shopper Information, Click-Stream Data

 **AGGREGATE SITE USAGE INFORMATION.** We collect and store information about the pages viewed by all of our website visitors. We then use this data in aggregate form to identify overall visitor behavior patterns. Our goal in using this information is to improve our site by making it more responsive to the needs and preferences of our users. Our Web servers automatically collect information about each visitor who requests Yandy.com Web pages, including your computer's internet protocol (IP) address. This IP address allows us to identify your computer on the internet so that the Web content you request from us can be sent to you. From time to time, we may provide portions of this aggregate site behavior information to vendors, consultants, potential advertisers or news agencies. We typically do this in order to demonstrate the amount of interest in our sites and/or to plan for technical infrastructure improvements.

 **ONLINE ORDER INFORMATION.** If you choose to purchase products from the Yandy.com site, we require the following information in order to fulfill your order: We request an e-mail address during the order process so that we can send an e-mail confirmation message acknowledging the receipt of your order. This message contains your name, address, Yandy.com membership number (if applicable), the list of items you purchased, an order reference number, a confirmation of your shipping method, and the total amount of items requested. Please note that this confirmation e-mail does NOT contain your credit card number.

 **CLICK-STREAM DATA (AND COOKIE TECHNOLOGY).** In order to register on-or purchase products from-Yandy.com websites, your browser must be set to accept "cookies." A cookie is a small piece of data housed in a text file or folder on your computer's hard drive that helps us recognize you when you visit our sites. We use cookies to help us remember things such as the following: (1) the profile facts you tell us about yourself, (2) your specified areas of interest on our sites, (3) the items you've placed in your shopping basket, and/or (4) the pages you visit as you shop. The only personal information our Yandy.com cookie can contain is information that you supply yourself. Our cookies cannot read data from other parts of your computer. If you would like more technical information about how cookies work, take a look at http://www.cookiecentral.com. As stated above, you must enable cookies on your Web browser for Yandy.com to function correctly. If you are concerned about information contained in your Yandy.com cookie, you may delete the file(s) at the end of each browser session. View your browser's help file for more information on cookies. Click-stream data is information that describes the page-by-page paths you take as you browse through our websites. Using cookies, we track and store this information to help us positively customize your shopping experience. We may use click-stream data in the aggregate to provide improved services to groups of shoppers who behave similarly. We may also use it on an individual basis to improve your specific shopping experience.

 **COMMUNICATIONS FROM YANDY.COM.** Whenever you purchase products from Yandy.com, sign up for our newsletter, or any of our on site promotions, we collect and store the information that you volunteer. Information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address and phone number. The information you supply is added to our customer database. You may receive periodic printed or e-mail communications from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. You will not receive any phone calls from us unless there is a customer service issue. In some instances, we use third-party companies to help us provide products and services to you, to assist us in managing customer information, or to fulfill our in house promotions and communicate with you. Some of these companies are given access to your contact information. These companies are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in the service we have contracted them to do. Our customers privacy is very important to us. If you want to be removed from all Yandy.com marketing, choose one of the following options: Send an e-mail and type REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING in the subject line; call 800-883-0860 Send your request by mail to Yandy.com Membership Services, 21615 N. 7th Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85027 Remember to include your name, address, membership number (if applicable) and phone number in the request.

 **OTHER PRIVACY NOTES.** Yandy.com may provide links to websites outside of Yandy.com as an added convenience to the user. There are also affiliates that link to Yandy.com. Any link included does not imply or convey endorsement of the other company or organization, its site, or its products or services. Yandy.com is not responsible for the privacy, terms of use, or other policies of any other website.

 **CHILDREN'S POLICY.** We do not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through our websites. Please do not allow children under the age of 13 to provide any personally identifiable information or participate in the bulletin board sections of Yandy.com websites.
