> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hinduwebsite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212033728id_/http%3A//www.hinduwebsite.com/utilities/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hinduwebsite.com Privacy Policy

**Summary** : Hinduwebsite.com is a clean website. We are against mass email campaigns, SPAM, unethical exploitation and sale of personal information to third parties for the purposes of commercial exploitation or monetary gain. We do not use cookies or spyware to gather personal information. However the site uses third party cookies in conjunction with the affiliate programs, banners and advertisements provided by our merchant partners. Hinduwebsite.com has no direct access to the information so gathered and we do not store any personal information about the vistors on our servers.

Hinduwebsite.com means Hinduwebsite.com and other domains pointing to the same website such as Hinduwebsite.net, Hinduwebsite.org, Hinduwebsite.info and Hinduismatoz.com.

At Hinduwebsite.com we value your privacy more than anything else. We collect information directly from you, with your knowledge and consent, such as your name or email address, to send you any specific information or our newsletter you might have requested or subscribed to. 

We collect your information in different ways.: Some information we collect when you give it to us, for example when you give it to us by: Signing-up to a newsletter, or email; Entering a competition or a promotion; Ordering books or other products or services from us; Registering on one of our websites; or Completing your profile or adding a comment on one of our online communities. 

#### Our Third Party Vendors Use Cookies

We do not use any hidden custom cookies of our own in our pages to collect any personal information about any one. However we use third-party advertising companies and services such as message forums to serve ads and provides services. When you visit our website, these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

#### No Spam Policy

Hinduwebsite.com does not indulge in SPAM or mass email campaigns. It is an explicit policy at Hinduwebsite.com not to trouble our visitors with unwanted and unsolicited emails. 

We do not have any agreement or arrangement with any external agency or organization to conduct marketing campaigns or mass email campaigns on our behalf for commercial or other purposes. In the event we implement any marketing campaign as a part of our publicity program, any information gathered from this site through the contact forms will not be used in such campaigns. 

From time to time, Hinduwebsite.com may however send an occasional email to those who have registered an email account with QJMail.com, for the purpose of disseminating commercial or other information related to the Website we own or the email services we provide.

#### We have access to limited user information which is general

We have access to the statistical data about our website performance. We have access to the hourly and daily raw logs generated by our hosting servers, which we use to monitor the site performance. We have access to the general information pertaining to the number of persons who visit our site or the number of pages and URL's they might have browsed through. This is part of the general information about website and the visitors. It is statistical in nature, without any reference to any particular individual and helps us to improve our site according to user preferences. 

#### We collect your IP address for security reasons

We have a number of contact forms which are submitted by the visitors to express their opinions or seek information. While doing so they need to submit information about themselves and their email addresses. When they submit these forms, for the purposes of security, we might also collect their IP Address or their system information which is transmitted to us along with their form input. The addresses and the information we so collect from our members with their consent and knowledge will not be given away to others under any circumstances, except if sought by law enforcement agencies. 

#### Third Party Vendors may collect information from out site about you

Hinduwebsite.com offers a number of services like free email service, shopping resources, merchant services, news portal services etc, through affiliate programs, which are not under the control of Hinduwebsite.com. These sites may use cookies and collect information about the visitors for the purpose of security, or providing service or register their usage or for any other reason whatsoever. When a visitor visits these sites or joins them as a member, or avails the services and products offered from there, he or she may have to provide some information to such websites. 

Whatever information that is provided under such circumstances is subject to the privacy policy guidelines of the respective service providers and Hinduwebsite.com shall not be held responsible for the use or misuse of such information. Hinduwebsite.com does not offer any guarantees about the privacy policy guidelines followed by these websites and visitors are at their own risk when they visit these websites and avail the services and facilities provided by them. 

They are therefore requested to read very carefully the privacy policy guidelines of each and every website they visit through the links or information we provide, before entering into any contractual or other relationship with them or providing any personal information about themselves or others. 

The visitors of Hinduwebsite.com or related websites are also requested to read our [terms of use](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212033728id_/http%3A//www.hinduwebsite.com/utilities/termsofuse.asp) before using any of the services provided by Hinduwebsite.com or the related websites and aliases, including Hinduwebsaite.org, Hinduwebsite.net, Hinduwebsite.info, Hinduismatoz.com, SDRCENTER.COM, QjMail.com, SDRCenter.Net and Saivism.Net. 

#### Special Information About Google Ads

We display Google Ads on almost every page of the website. Google uses cookies to serve ads on Hinduwebsite.com and other domains that are pointed to the website. 

The [DoubleClick DART cookie](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx) is used by Google in the ads served on Hinduwebsite.com displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web, based on your visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

We reserve the right to update our privacy policy terms and conditions from time to time without notice.
