> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hindishows.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211143217id_/http%3A//www.hindishows.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HindiShows.com - Privacy Policy

By using the Site, you consent to our cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-into or downloaded by you to your Device. Cookies and Flash Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. If you choose to disable cookies or Flash cookies on your Device, some features of the Sites may not function properly. The use of cookies on the Site allows you to enjoy more seamless visits and more accurately measures your behaviour on the Site. There are two types of cookies that we may use: session and persistent. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your Device when you close the browser software. Persistent cookies remain on your Device after the browser has been closed. The cookies used on the Site do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser, unless you choose to identify yourself voluntarily. You may choose to identify yourself for any one of the following reasons: by asking the browser to remember your username and password, by responding to a promotional offer, or by personalizing a web page or requesting more information on a product or service.

 **Web beacons** (also known as clear gifs) are used in combination with cookies to help Site operators understand how you interact with their websites. A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a site or in an email. The use of a clear gif allows the Site to measure your actions in opening the page that contains the clear gif.  
 ** _Embedded Scripts._** An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.
