> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 24hourfitness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080612202422id_/http%3A//www.24hourfitness.com/company/policies/privacy/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 24 Hour Fitness: privacy policy

## information gathered by 24 Hour Fitness

This is 24HourFitness.com's ("24 Hour Fitness's") online privacy policy ("Policy"). This policy applies only to activities 24 Hour Fitness engages in on its website and does not apply to 24 Hour Fitness's activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the website. If you have questions about our policy, please email our Chief Privacy Officer at [cpo@24hourfit.com](mailto:cpo@24hourfit.com).

24 Hour Fitness collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected by the 24 Hour Fitness website can include information such as the type of browser you are using, your IP address and the length of the visit to the website. Also, if you respond to a poll, we will aggregate your responses with those of other 24HourFitness.com members but we do not associate your response with any personally identifiable information.

In order to become a member of 24HourFitness.com and have access to our members' only areas, we ask you to register with our site and provide your e-mail address and name. We also ask for your 24 Hour Fitness Club membership number (if you are a member) in order to help us enhance your use of our site and clubs. This Registration Information is personally identifiable information because it allows us to contact you and distinguish you from other users.

You may also be asked to provide personally identifiable information in other areas of the 24 Hour Fitness website, which may include your name, address, title, company name, number of employees in your company, telephone number, cellular phone number, date of birth, fax number, address, credit card number, and e-mail address, as well as your user ID and password, the name of your school or organization, and the name of your Varsity Organization Sport or Group. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to 24 Hour Fitness, when you register for services, post information on our forums, or make purchases via the website. In all such cases you have the option of providing us with personally identifiable information, though certain services and features may not be available to you if you do not provide us with personally identifiable information.

You may also buy health products and club memberships on our site. If you make purchases through 24HourFitness.com, we need to gather information relating to the sale, including what you are buying, how you are paying and where you would like the products shipped. However, we will use that Transactional Information only to complete the transaction, to provide you with an order history and to facilitate future orders. We may also use information about the transaction for aggregate reporting (where we summarize the data in a report that does not contain your personally identifiable information).

If you are a member of 24HourFitness.com, you may enter contests. If you enter a 24HourFitness.com contest, we record your entry and link it to your 24HourFitness.com Registration Information.

We may receive additional personally identifiable information from you through communications with 24HourFitness.com. If so, we will use that information to fulfill your request and for aggregate reporting before deleting it from our active system. For example, if you e-mail 24HourFitness.com to ask about an article or tool, we will use that information to give you an answer, to make sure that you are satisfied with our answer, to have a history of our service to you and to make our service better by reporting your request, without any personally identifying information, in our customer service totals.

## cookies

Cookies are small bits of data that are deposited on a user's hard drive. Cookies permit users to store their password and other user information without having to constantly re-enter this data. 24 Hour Fitness uses cookies to remember your username and password as you navigate around our site. Cookies also allow us to ensure that you may only respond once per day to polls or contests. For more information about cookies, please visit [The Privacy Foundation](http://www.privacyfoundation.org/).

We also use "activity tags" (also called "Spotlight tags"). These invisible tags provide information to third parties about the flow of users on our site and other web sites. 24HourFitness.com also receives reports generated from that information. Information collected through the use of activity tags on our site is never linked to any personally identifiable information you provided to 24HourFitness.com. For more information about Activity Tags, please visit [The Privacy Foundation](http://www.privacyfoundation.org/).

## use and disclosure of information

24 Hour Fitness typically does not sell personally identifiable information, such as your name or e-mail address to advertisers. However, non-personal "aggregated data" may be used to enhance the operation of our website, or analyze interest in the areas of our website. Moreover, we may in some circumstances disclose personally identifiable information to third parties to enhance your experience on our website. Additionally, if you provide 24 Hour Fitness with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data. 24HourFitness.com also provides you with many ways to submit information to be posted on our site including participating in our forums and asking our experts a question. In each of these circumstances, 24HourFitness.com gathers information from you. Be aware that anything you submit to 24HourFitness.com through these services may be made public, so please remember not to include any information you want kept private. Information submitted to forums or experts can be read, recorded and used by any third party or by 24HourFitness.com.

We also aggregate information supplied by users during registration and information about their use of 24HourFitness.com to maintain our services and describe our user base to potential partners, investors and advertisers. In providing this information, however, we do not reveal any personally identifiable information, and only supply summary data about our community of users.

24 Hour Fitness may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. 24 Hour Fitness may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law, or if we believe you are harming or interfering with others' use of this site, you are violating the User Agreement, or infringing the rights of 24 Hour Fitness, or its employees. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party if 24 Hour Fitness files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of 24 Hour Fitness in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.

Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information collected on the site to others. The information collected by our site is used to process orders and membership orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our site.

We will disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, improve the functionality of our site, perform statistical and data analyses, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. We may employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, providing customer service, sending mail, processing credit card payments, holding live chats, hosting message boards or other functions necessary for us to provide services to you. We may need to share your personally identifiable information with these companies. However, we will provide them with only the information necessary to perform their functions, and will not allow them to use that information for any other purposes.

In the interest of enhancing our service, we form partnerships with other web-based services. Some of these partnerships include the sharing of some of your personal information with our partners in order to extend these services to you. We require that our partners respect your privacy and not disclose your information to other organizations without your consent, but beyond that, our partners' use of your information is governed by their privacy policies. You will be given the opportunity to opt out of joining any of our partner services at the time of registration.

## other web sites

24 Hour Fitness is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our site is not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies or clear GIFs. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

## security

24 Hour Fitness takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, 24 Hour Fitness cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online. Your 24HourFitness.com account is password protected so that only you may use it. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone and 24HourFitness.com will never ask for your password by phone or e-mail. Also remember to log out from 24HourFitness.com and close your browser window when you have finished your work to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence.

While 24HourFitness.com takes reasonable steps to secure your personal information, no system is fault proof. If 24HourFitness.com's security systems are breached 24HourFitness.com may attempt to notify you electronically. By using this web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can notify you electronically. 24HourFitness.com may post a notice on our web site if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser enabling you to view the 24HourFitness.com web site. 24HourFitness.com may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should email our [Chief Privacy Officer](mailto:cpo@24hourfit.com). If your email address changes, and you have provided 24HourFitness.com with personal information, you should notify our [Chief Privacy Officer](mailto:cpo@24hourfit.com) so that we can communicate with you if necessary.

## children

24 Hour Fitness does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the 24 Hour Fitness website or services, and 24 Hour Fitness requests that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the website. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, 24 Hour Fitness does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.

## corrections and updates

If you wish to modify or update any information 24 Hour Fitness has received, you can visit the [eClub Member Home](https://www.24hourfitness.com/MemberLoginForm.do) page _(you may be prompted to log in)_.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from our email list, you can either click the unsubscribe link in any email message or mail us at 24 Hour Fitness, Member Service Dept. , PO Box 2689, Carlsbad, CA 92018.

## modifications of the privacy policy

24 Hour Fitness reserves the rights to modify its privacy policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the website. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. 24 Hour Fitness encourages you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.

## questions about this policy

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or other privacy questions about us, please email our [Chief Privacy Officer](mailto:cpo@24hourfit.com).

Join before April 1, 2007? [Click here](https://web.archive.org/PrivacyPolicy_20070401.do) for your Privacy Policy.
