> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the addemoticons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130404081654id_/http%3A//www.addemoticons.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FREE Download MSN Messenger Winks, Emoticons, Smiley, Meegos etc...

|  Thank you for visiting our website. We respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.  
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.

**Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies**  
AddEmoticons.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

**Google adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie**  
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visit to this website as well as other sites on the internet.  
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following website http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html . Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google?s own privacy policies.  
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, AddEmoticons.com has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.

**Google Analytics**  
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses ?cookies,? which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors? use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for AddEmoticons.com.  
You may opt-out if you don?t want your anonymous browser data to be collected by Google Analytics when you visit this website and all others who use the service. Learn more: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

**Log Files**  
Like most standard website servers AddEmoticons.com use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user?s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.

**Links to third party Websites**  
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.

**Changes to this Privacy Statement**  
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of AddEmoticons.com then you may contact us.

This policy is effective May 2, 2012. 
