> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neoedge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101213190341id_/http%3A//www.neoedge.com/other/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NeoEdge - the leading ad platform for casual games

**Privacy Policy**   
**For NeoEdge Networks, Inc.**

Last updated on May 20, 2010. 

NeoEdge Networks, Inc. ("NeoEdge Networks") operates certain NeoEdge-powered services (the "Services") on NeoEdge Networks' website (the "Site"), the NeoEdge Networks software available from and operated in connection with certain of the Services and other applications under the **_Blue Noodle Entertainment_** trademark. This policy, as amended from time to time, (the "Privacy Policy") governs the data collected by NeoEdge Networks through the Services. (The term "Services" means: (i) the NeoEdge distribution network which includes NeoEdge-owned websites and websites of affiliate partners using NeoEdge technologies, as presently configured or as may be supplemented, or otherwise modified by NeoEdge on an ongoing basis; (ii) online services, including gaming and other applications under the Blue Noodle Entertainment trademark; and (iii) NeoEdge applications available on various social networking websites. This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities or products and services of third parties that may be obtained or accessed via the Services.)

**Questions:** If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Services enabled by the NeoEdge-powered sites and contact the Privacy Policy Administrator at [privacy@neoedge.com](mailto:privacy@neoedge.com). You can also contact the Privacy Policy Administrator by mail at NeoEdge Networks 45 Broadway Street, San Francisco, California 94111 or by phone at (415) 389-3095. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or share your personally identifiable information, you may contact us directly by sending us an e-mail to our Privacy Policy Administrator at [privacy@neoedge.com](mailto:privacy@neoedge.com).

**Children:** The Services are intended for adult audiences. NeoEdge Networks does not knowingly request or collect any Personal Information (as defined below) online or offline contact information from users under 13 years old and does not knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years old with third parties. If you are under 13 years old, please do not use the Services or send us any Personal Information such as your name, address, phone number or email address. If we find out that we have collected any such Personal Information from a child under the age 13, we will immediately delete that information. If you think that we have collected any such information, please notify the Privacy Policy Administrator at [privacy@neoedge.com](mailto:privacy@neoedge.com), we suggest that you get your parents' permission before sending any information to us over the Internet.

**Collection and Use of Personal Information:** When we use the term "Personal Information" we mean information such as your first/middle initial or name and last name, street address, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, instant-messenger nickname, blog or other personal website URL, date of birth, e-mail address and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you. Personal Information also includes information about your personal preferences, use of the Services and content that you have obtained via the Services, survey responses and your transactions or relationship with us.

NeoEdge Networks is the sole owner of the information collected on www.neoedge.com. NeoEdge Networks collects Personal Information from our users at several different points on our Site. We collect Personal Information about you when you visit the Site and when you input information, when you register to use any services, features or functions of the Site, when you participate in promotions, when you use or obtain applications and data via the Services, or in the course of any other exchanges of information, transactions and activities. If you choose to contact us as a consumer, you are required to give contact information (such as name and email address). If you contact us as an advertiser or affiliate, you are required to give us this and additional information (such mailing address and, for affiliates, web site, business, and account setup information). We use this information to contact you about the services on our Site in which you have expressed interest and, in the case of affiliates, to facilitate co-marketing initiatives. We may use the information we obtain from you or your usage of the Services, including Personal Information, to tailor your experience with the Services, to display content we think may be of interest to you, or to let us customize what you see when you visit the Site or use the Services according to your preferences.

We will not share Personal Information with third parties for their promotional purposes and your personally identifiable information will not be supplemented and stored alongside data from third party sources. We may also maintain a database of transactions conducted on the Site and we use this information to effect such transactions and in aggregate form to track the success of the Site.

It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information and to keep the Personal Information that you provide to us up to date. **We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or you fail to update the information you give us.** To correct any inaccuracies or to update the information you have provided to us, in addition to the options available to you on the Site and the Services, you may contact the Privacy Policy Administrator at [privacy@neoedge.com](mailto:privacy@neoedge.com).

**During Registration:** Should you choose to register with NeoEdge Networks, you may be required to provide us with your e-mail address, as well as optionally additional Personal Information. As a registered user of the NeoEdge Networks, from time to time, we may also provide you with certain options to opt-in to subscribe to e-mail newsletters and other periodic information. If you wish to subscribe to any of our newsletters, we will use your name and e-mail address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. You will also have the right to opt-out or change your preferences at any time or unsubscribe to particular e-mail communications by responding to that e-mail and using the 'unsubscribe' or opt-out procedure included in that communication.

If you are a registered user, you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities, your use of the Services, their functions and features, and agree to this Privacy Statement and our software license agreement with you.

**Accessing the Services Through a Social Networking Site:** In order to use certain of the Services through a social networking site, you may be required to register with NeoEdge Networks and we may receive additional Personal Information about you through your profile with such a social networking site. Through your social networking profile, we may be able to access or may ask you to provide other categories of information, such as your age, hobbies, income, gender and the like so that we may customize and personalize the Services for your specific interests. Anytime providing us with information is optional, we let you know.

When you use the Services through a social networking site, you may also have the opportunity to participate in interactive discussions, post comments or provide other information about yourself in other content such as in applications or games. We do not control the content that you or others post in those settings. You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information in these settings and should tailor any content you submit appropriately. It is your responsibility to read and accept the terms or conditions of use and privacy policies of any social networking sites through which you access the Services. You acknowledge that any information that you post in publicly accessible areas of the Services may be accessible to the general public, including but not limited to, Internet search engines and indexing services.

When you use the Services through a social networking site, you may have the opportunity to invite others to use the Services or send others messages using the Services. [We collect and maintain the information associated with those invitations or messages on secure servers. We also use this information to contact the person and, when necessary, remind that person that they have been invited to use the Services.]

**Desktop Client:** The NeoEdge Networks Desktop Client that is part of the Services is associated with a unique identifier. Through this identifier, NeoEdge Networks collects information about usage of the Services, which is used to operate and improve the Services and their content, to determine the content that may be transmitted to you using the Services, and for other diagnostic, marketing and promotional purposes.

**Peer to Peer Networking:** Certain of the Services use a private peer to peer networking model to power some of its games. This means that the Services and their components can make use of your computer's resources to service another user's or set of user's requests at any point in time. The information that is shared between your computer and other computers is only related to the content that is part of our Services and at no point in time is information outside of our Services accessed or shared.

**Sharing of Information with Business Partners and Others:** If you signed up for the Services through one of our business partners or entered into an agreement with a third party regarding the use of the Services, such party shall have access to your Personal Information and the use of your Personal Information by that party shall be subject to such third party's privacy policy. Absent such an agreement on your part, the aggregate data we collect in connection with the Services may be shared with advertisers and other business partners of NeoEdge Networks or its affiliates, but we do not give any Personal Information to them as part of the relationship except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Use of Content:** Certain programs and content that you may receive via the Services may request your Personal Information or provide that you enter into separate or additional agreements providing for the use or collection of your Personal Information. These arrangements are not governed by the Services and are outside of the control of NeoEdge Networks. Once you are registered with NeoEdge Networks, the Services should not require you to re-enter your Personal Information. You should therefore treat any such requests to collect your Personal Information or to enter into any agreements or other terms and conditions the same way that you would treat such requests that you encounter during your use of the Internet. Content that you receive via the Services may direct you to one or more locations on the Internet and those locations may in turn direct you to Internet sites that are not affiliated with the Services or one of our business partners. Accordingly, you should exercise caution whenever content that you have obtained via the Services requests that you provide Personal Information. To uninstall the Services, navigate to add/remove programs on the control panel on your Windows machine, choose each game or Game Player enabled with the Services and click on remove. If you are ever in doubt as to whether Personal Information is required for your use of the Services, you should refuse to provide such information and should contact our Customer Service representative at: [support@neoedge.com](mailto:support@neoedge.com). 

**Cookies and Similar Technology:** We use 'cookie' technology on our website to collect data regarding your visits to that site. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including:

  * Keeping count of your return visits to our websites or our advertisers' or partners' sites;
  * Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Services and our websites;
  * Determining which features users like best; and
  * Understanding and keeping track of requests for content.



Although we may track the numbers of users to inform us on how best to improve and update the Services and enhance the experience for all visitors, Personal Information is not extracted in this process. We use tracking information on an aggregated basis to help us operate NeoEdge Networks, enhance and improve our Services, improve the look of the Services and our websites and display advertising and marketing information.

The Services and our websites may contain advertisements, references and links to other websites and organizations. We may also use third parties to display or serve advertising on the Services and our web-based newsletters or other communications which you may choose to receive. Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies and web bug technologies on our Site to measure advertising effectiveness. We have no access to or control over these technologies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the Services only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet. The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours. Even if we have a relationship with the third party, we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information. **This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Personal Information that an advertiser or ad server may collect from you.** We encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard.

**Privacy of Your Postings:** We respect the privacy of the contents of users' e-mail and any postings on our websites. However, we reserve the right to monitor, edit, and disclose your use of the Services, information pertaining to any e-mail or posting or its contents to a third party if we believe such action is required by law or is necessary to protect and defend our rights, to enforce this Privacy Policy or our software license agreement, or to protect the interests of our users, affiliates, advertisers, suppliers, service providers and others.

**Disclosure to Third Parties:** We do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities or entities that are not our advertisers for promotional purposes, except in the limited circumstances listed below. When we plan to disclose your Personal Information to advertisers, we ask you to opt-in to do so, in which case their use of your information is subject to the advertisers' own privacy policies. The Services also offer co-branded services and features, which are events and/or promotions that we put together with another company ("Co-Branded Partner"). We will share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded promotion, service, feature or function, means that you opt-in and have given your affirmative consent to both NeoEdge Networks and our Co-Branded Partner to collect and use your Personal Information. If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of your Personal Information, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly.

We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining NeoEdge Networks services, features, functions and operations. We will refer to these third parties as " _service providers_ " and we use service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content and the services, features and functions we bring you and we request that our service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with the NeoEdge Networks. Additionally, such service providers are not permitted to use your Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes.

We will make your Personal Information available to non-affiliated third parties in the following limited circumstances:

  * When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process);
  * If we believe your actions violate any law, regulation, our software license agreement, this Privacy Policy, or any of our other terms and conditions, rules, offerings or any other services, features or functions of the Services, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of other users of the Services, NeoEdge Networks, its affiliates, or any of its or their service providers, suppliers, advertisers, customers, users, registered users or any other party;
  * If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or
  * In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or our affiliates.



**Security & Protection of Personal Information:** Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States, Canada and elsewhere. We maintain reasonable standards of security and confidentiality. However, as with most Internet sites, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site.

We also limit access to the Services by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes. We request that our service providers follow the same policy.

We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including, without limitation, a registered user of any services, features or functions of the Services, if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access any services, features or functions of the Services. If the burden or expense of providing access to your Personal Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and a contact person for further inquiries.

**Links to Other Websites:** The Services may contain links to other websites. We do not control these websites and we are not responsible for their uses of Personal Information, or for any harm or loss suffered by you in relation to the use of these websites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of any linked websites when you visit them.

**Sale of Assets:** If another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to our business, we reserve the right to include any or all stored personal information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. In such event, users who have provided their email addresses will be notified when their personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a new privacy policy.

**California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights:** Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as S.B. 27), if you are a California resident with an established business relationship with NeoEdge Networks or one of our subsidiaries that is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties or for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email message to us at [privacy@neoedge.com](mailto:privacy@neoedge.com). Please include "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line. You can make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide you, by email, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the third parties' names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by the requirements of S.B. 27.

**Review, Correction of Your Information and Requesting Removal from Mailing Lists and Deactivating Your Account:** If for any reason you are concerned that the Personal Information maintained by NeoEdge Networks is not correct and want it updated, or should you wish to have your account(s) deactivated or be removed from our mailing list, please email the Privacy Policy Administrator at [privacy@neoedge.com](mailto:privacy@neoedge.com). We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes, enforce our software license agreement, and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Site.

By using a NeoEdge-powered site or the Services, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use a NeoEdge-powered website or the Services.

**Changes in this Privacy Statement:** We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site or the Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.

**Sole Statement:** This document is the sole statement of NeoEdge Networks' Privacy Policy with respect to the Services, and no summary, restatement, prior policy or other version thereof, is valid.

**Effective Date:** This Privacy Policy had an original effective date of May 11, 2009 and was last updated on May 20, 2010.
