> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neomobile.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626204433id_/http%3A//www.neomobile.com/neomobile-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Neomobile general privacy policy

## **Privacy Policy**

In this page, we describe to you the manner in which we manage this website, with specific regard to the processing of visitors’ personal data.

This Privacy Policy constitutes a notice on personal data processing, provided pursuant to article 13 of Italian legislative decree no. 196/2003 – “Code on the Protection of Personal Data” – (the “ **Code** ”), to all visitors which come across the website of Neomobile S.p.A., a company with registered offices in Viale Pasteur 78, 00144 Rome (the “ **Data Controller** ” or the “ **Company** ”).

Thus, this notice is provided to visitors exclusively with regard to the Company’s website, and does not cover other websites which the visitor may access via links __ included in the website, nor does it cover other services provided by the Data Controller through other means/websites. Please refer to the specific privacy policies of such services, in order to know how the Company processes personal data of users which subscribe to its services.

### **Personal Data processed**

Considering that, pursuant to article 4(1)(B) of the Code, Personal Data means “ _any information regarding a natural person, identified or identifiable, also indirectly, by reference to ant other information, including a personal identification number_ ”, we inform you that the electronic systems and the software procedures in place which allow this website to function, acquire some personal data while running, the transmission of which is implied in the use of internet communication protocols.

This is, thus, information which is not collected in order to be associated to identified data subjects, but rather data which, by its very nature might, if elaborated and associated with data held by third parties, allow the identification of the users. This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the computer used by the visitors to access the website, the requests made by such visitors, the timing of the requests, etc.

This data is used with the sole scope of obtaining statistical and anonymous information regarding the use of the Company’s website, and to ensure that it functions correctly; it is, thus, erased immediately after being used. Such data might also be used for the identification of liabilities in case of possible electronic crimes against this website.

### **Personal Data spontanously submitted by the visitors**

The spontaneous, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mails to the e-mail addresses indicated in the Company’s website determines that the Company acquires the sender’s e-mail address (which is needed in order to allow the Company to reply) and all other personal data which the sender might have included in the message sent to the Data Controller.

In case of voluntary submission of a _curriculum vitae_ through the “Join Us!” section of  the website, the candidate will receive a specific privacy notice by reference to the processing of their personal data, at their first contact with the Company after the _curriculum vitae_ has been submitted.

### **Cookies**

No personal data of visitors is acquired by the Company through the use of cookies in the website. No use is made of cookies for the transference of personal information, nor are any kind of permanent _cookies_ or visitors’ tracking systems used in the website. The use of so-called session cookies (which are not permanently stored in the user’s computer, but rather disappear when the user exists the browser) is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifications (constituted of random numbers generated by the server), which are necessary in order to allow visitors to safely and efficiently navigate the website. Thus, the session cookies used in this website avoid the use of other electronic techniques which might potentially hinder the privacy of users’ navigation, and do not allow for the acquisition of personal data which might lead to the identification of the visitor.

However, we inform you that when a user visualizes banners regarding the Company’s services and/or accesses such services through links present in third-party websites, such user is navigating on websites which do not belong to the Data Controller, but are rather owned and managed by third parties – it is possible, thus, that such websites use different types of cookies, for different scopes (e.g., performance and analytics cookies, advertising cookies, social networking cookies, etc). Such processing activities are regulated by the specific privacy policies and cookie policies of the third parties which own and manage such websites, which we advise users to consult.

### **Modalities of data processing**

Personal Data is processed through electronic means and for the period which is strictly necessary in order to fulfill the scope for which such data was collected.

In such regard, specific security measures are in place which aim at preventing the loss of data, possible illegal or otherwise misuse of the data, as well as unauthorized access to the data.

### **Rights of the data subjects**

We inform you that the persons to which the personal data refer are given specific rights under article 7 of the Code. In accordance with such article, data subjects are entitled to:

  * obtain confirmation of the existence (or non-existence) of personal data which regard them, as well as their communication in an intelligible manner;
  * obtain the updating, correction or, when of interest, the integration of the data, the cancellation, the anonymisation or the blocking of data processed against the law, including data which retention is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the scope for which it was collected or subsequently processed;
  * oppose, in whole or in part, for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data which regard them.



Any requests may be addressed to the following e-mail: [info@neomobile.com](mailto:info@neomobile.com)
