> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neoperl.net privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171204213512id_/http%3A//www.neoperl.net/en/oem/legalinformation/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NEOPERL: General Terms & Conditions

We are delighted that you are interested in our company and our products and would  
like you to feel that your personal data is safely protected when visiting our website.  
The protection of your privacy is very important to us. Please find below detailed  
information about how your data is treated.

  
**The collection, processing and use of personal data**  
You can visit our website without providing any details as to your person. We only  
store access data without any reference to your person such as e.g. the pages which  
you visit on our website, the date and duration of your visit or the website from which  
you visit us. This information is analyzed solely for technical purposes in connection  
with the administration of our website and in order to improve our offering and does  
not allow us to make any inferences about your person.  
Personal data such as, for example, your name, your address, telephone number or  
e-mail address are only collected if you advise us of them voluntarily, e.g. by  
completing contact forms, in connection with a registration or to carry out a contract.  
We use the information provided by you without your separate approval only in order  
to meet your wishes and satisfy your enquiries, i.e. usually to answer your query or to  
process a contract that may have been concluded with you. Only if you have given us  
your prior consent or if - to the extent statute so provides - you have not filed any  
objection will we additionally use said information in order to be able to inform you  
about our products and services and, as the case may be, to ask you about our  
products and services.  
Your personal data will not be passed on, sold or otherwise transmitted to third  
parties unless this is necessary in order to answer your query or to process a  
contract concluded with you or unless you have consented to it being passed on.

**The use of cookies**  
So-called "cookies" can be used on our website in order to make visiting our website  
attractive and so as to allow certain functions to be used. These are small text files  
that are deposited in the memory of your internet browser. Cookies do not cause any  
damage on your computer and do not contain any viruses. The cookies we use are  
deleted from your hard disk at the end of the browser sitting.  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your  
browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full  
functionality of this website.  
We use Piwik, a web analytics open-source software. Piwik uses cookies to help us  
analyze how users use this website. The information generated by the cookie about  
your use of the website will be stored on the server of the service provider in  
Germany. Your IP address will be anonymized prior to its storage by the use of the  
plugin “AnonymizeIP”.

**Newsletter**  
Registration for our newsletter uses the “double opt-in procedure”. This means that,   
after you have entered your e-mail address, we send a confirmation e-mail to the given   
e-mail address requesting confirmation that you wish to receive the newsletter. If you do  
not confirm this within 24 hours, your registration will be deleted automatically. If you   
confirm that you wish to receive the newsletter, we will store your e-mail address until   
such time as you cancel your subscription. Your e-mail address will be stored for the sole   
purpose of allowing us to send you the newsletter. As well as this, we store your IP addresses   
and the times of registration and confirmation in order to avoid misuse of your personal data.  
An e-mail address is the sole mandatory piece of personal data required for sending the   
newsletter. Entering all other personal data is voluntary and is used for the sole purpose   
of personalizing the newsletter.   
These data will also be deleted completely on cancellation of your subscription.   
You can revoke your consent to be sent the newsletter at any time. You can do this by clicking   
on the link provided in any newsletter e-mail, by sending an e-mail to info@neoperl.de, or by   
sending a message to the contact address listed in the publishing information.   
Your data will not be passed on to third parties.

  
**Changes**  
If we wish to use your personal data in a manner that deviates from the intended use  
notified at the time the data was collected we shall inform you of said change in  
advance. We shall try to contact you about this via the last e-mail address known to  
us. You can then decide whether you agree to the changed intended use. In the  
event of any changes to our privacy policy, which do not affect the data already  
stored on our database, we shall draw your attention to said changes via a  
particularly emphasized notice on our website.  
** **

**Right to Information**  
Under the statutory provisions on data protection you have the right to be informed  
free of charge about your personal data stored on our database and, as the case  
may be, a right to have said data corrected, blocked or deleted.  
 

**Person to contact regarding data protection**  
If you have any questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal  
data, information, the correction, blocking or deletion of data and revoking consents that  
have been given please write to the following address by e-mail or letter:

  
NEOPERL GmbH  
Klosterrunsstraße 9-11  
DE-79379 Müllheim/ Germany  
E-Mail: datenschutzbeauftragter@neoperl.de
