> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lushtrip.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190508195302id_/http%3A//www.lushtrip.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LushTrip | Privacy Policy

**1\. General Usage:** This Privacy Policy explains how Frill Media collects, uses, discloses and protects your Personal Information, obtained explicitly through www.lushtrip.com website ("Site"), as well as other information collected automatically without direct submission by you. 'Personal Information' is information that enables anyone to contact you and your credit-card details. Your full name, address, IP address, e-mail address are other examples of Personal Information.You may need to provide Frill Media your Personal Information during the course of using some services of the Frill Media; for instance, while registering on the website and while making an online purchase.Frill Media may use the information submitted by you to send you e-mails for administrative purposes. Frill Media does not make these e-mail addresses available to any third party. Frill Media DOES NOT trade or sell your Personal Information in any manner, except as is provided under Section 2 below, or if express consent is sought from you.When you use the Site, Frill Media's servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically about your activities on the Site; for instance by way of cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a user's browser from a web server and is eventually stored on a user's computer hard drive. This anonymous information is maintained distinctly and is not linked to the Personal Information you submit to Frill Media. The anonymous information will be used for Frill Media's understanding of how the Site is used and for other statistical purposes, for system administration and to personalize your experience. Frill Media may also collect information related to access times, browser type, and your IP address for tracking usage patterns and, if necessary, deny service in accordance with our Terms.Frill Media may disclose aggregated information about the use of the Site, but it will never contain Personal Information. Frill Media does not disclose Personal Information to third parties in the normal course of operations. However, in situations when Frill Media is legally obligated to disclose information to the government or other third parties, Frill Media will do so.Frill Media implements standard measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception of Personal Information. However, no internet site can fully eliminate security risks.

**2\. Shared Personal Information:** You are required to submit your personal information at the time of making an online purchase of Lush Trip vouchers. Frill Media uses an online payment gateway that is operated by a third party and the personal information that you share with Frill Media is transferred and shared with such third party payment gateway operator. The said operator may also have access to your online purchase history/details that you make from www.lushtrip.com.Extremely sensitive information like you credit-card details are transacted upon secure sites digitally under encryption, thereby providing the highest possible degree of care are available as per current technology. You are advised, however, that Internet technology is not 100% safe and you should exercise discretion on using the same.

**3\. General:** Frill Media will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization
