> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blue365deals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161210123017id_/https%3A//www.blue365deals.com/node/48) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Blue365 Deals

### **(Revised 09/17/2015)**

Your privacy is important to us. The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association ( **“BCBSA”** , **“we,”** or **“us”** ) protects your privacy at this Blue365deals.com web site (the **“Site”** ). Here is what you ( **“End User”** or **“you”** ) can expect when you visit the Site:

PLEASE REMEMBER that this Privacy Policy covers only the data collection and use practices for the Site, which is an official web site of BCBSA.  BCBSA’s privacy policies may differ at other of its web sites (including but not limited to the separate privacy policy for MyCommunity, whose own privacy policy controls with respect to MyCommunity’s operation in the event of any difference with this Privacy Policy) or in BCBSA’s off-line data collection and reporting practices.  Information that you provide to us on the Site is not protected by the Privacy Rule under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996.  You should address any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of the independent, local Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield Companies (each, a **“Blue Company”** ) directly to that Blue Company.  Your member authorization for BCBSA’s use and disclosure of information, and how to revoke that authorization, appear separately on the Site’s Registration page and [Terms of Use.](https://web.archive.org/terms-use)

## The Information We Collect

Personally identifiable information ( **“PII”** ) collected at the Site will never be used by any Blue Company to affect your health insurance coverage or premiums.

While using the Site, you may, among other things, gather information, reply to advertisements, receive third party coupons and special offers, download content, purchase products or services from third party suppliers (each, a **“Vendor”** ), directly from such Vendors or by purchasing vouchers on the Site, or check on the status of past purchases on the Site.  In doing so, we will collect certain information about you in order to assist your use of the Site and purchases, and to monitor, manage and assist the other Blue Companies, as well as third party contractors, consultants, and Vendors who assist with the Site and the deals offered on the Site.  The Site’s web servers automatically capture your domain name, the IP address of the web page from which you enter the Site, the pages you visit on the Site, the amount of time you spend on the Site, and the number of End Users and frequency and manner of use of the Site.  We may also collect information regarding the use of the Site’s Vendor network and other features of the Site, such as the extent to which certain features are used, and what deals you access and/or purchase.  Some of this information is statistical information that reflects the scope of the Site’s End User base, sales, use patterns and related information.  We use this information to better understand how the Site is used, and to improve the experience of End Users.  In addition, certain information is collected by BCBSA, Vendors and other third-parties during the course of serving advertisements on the Site, including the number of times you viewed an advertisement or an offer.  Such information is used to facilitate and monitor the serving of advertisements and offers for Vendors’ products and/or services.

Use of the Information the Site Gathers/Tracks

PII refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are, and can be used to identify, contact or locate you and to manage your purchases.  PII is requested when you register on the Site, order a product or service from a Vendor shown on the Site, receive a coupon or voucher, fill out surveys, participate in contests or sweepstakes, enter into or participate in any discussion or ‘chat’ groups, forums or other groups or programs, correspond with us or otherwise volunteer information (for instance, through the use of any advertisements, trial offers, coupon offers, or when you request e-mails from us to keep you posted on new deals or to provide you with information on deals you purchased or browsed previously).  PII might include, among other things, your name, location, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, gender, birth year, account preferences, Blue Company affiliation, credit card information, product or service selections, order number, referring URL, IP address and password and other identification and contact information, as well as similar information on anyone to whom you may share or forward an offer.  With this information, we can fill your service or product orders and requests, and better provide you with personalized services.  You also may have the option of importing information into certain web sites (including, but not limited to, the Site) from third-party software programs.  This information may include the types of information described above, as well as other types of information that you have entered into these third-party software programs.  This information may be used to fulfill your requests for services, to communicate with you about your account, to support your online activities, to respond to your questions, and to customize your experience and the content or features of the Site and the products and services available thereon.  We may use your PII to notify you of changes to the Site, the products or services, the Terms of Use, and this Privacy Policy.  We may also use your PII to personalize your interactive experience on the Site.  For example, if you have given us permission, we may use your information to inform you of other products or services that you may find valuable.  We may also use your PII to make improvements that better serve End Users’ needs.  We may share your PII with third parties who assist us in operating and managing the Site and in fulfilling and monitoring your purchases.

When someone else places an order for delivery to you, we need to collect PII regarding that third party to fulfill the order.  That PII may include the name, location, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, gender, birth year, account preferences, Blue Company affiliation, credit card information, product or service selections, order number, referring URL, IP address and password and other identification and contact information of the person placing the order for delivery to you.

If you prefer not to receive information about additional products and services that we think you may be interested in, [Click Here](mailto:support@blue365deals.com?subject=Unsubscribe) to send an e-mail indicating that you no longer wish to receive such information, and provide us with your name and e-mail address(es) at which you no longer wish to receive such unwanted communications.

## Disclosure of Information

We may share your PII among BCBSA divisions and business groups, Blue Companies and their respective affiliates, consultants and contractors, as well as Vendors and other third parties, including those third parties who perform services for us in operating and marketing the products and services available on the Site (including but not limited to the monitoring of End User behavior on the Site and the processing of payments for products or services): (a) as necessary to provide marketing, data and other information for measuring information of audiences responding to public advertisement and offers; (b) in special situations, including responding to governmental officers and agencies and in response to legal process such as a court order or subpoena; (c) to prevent or combat fraud; as required by federal or state law; (d) our enforcement of the Terms of Use; (e) in connection with the protection of the rights, property or safety of BCBSA, a Blue Company, End Users or third parties; and (f) in connection with a merger, acquisition or liquidation of BCBSA, its subsidiaries or affiliates.

## Security

BCBSA is committed to taking appropriate measures to protect your privacy against unauthorized disclosures.  BCBSA’s third party web vendor uses a variety of secure techniques designed to protect your information.  While safeguards have been implemented, you should be aware that Internet security technology changes rapidly.  As such, we cannot guarantee that the safeguards employed today can protect your PII from the threats of tomorrow, or that the Site’s security measures are failsafe and not subject to circumvention or unauthorized intrusion.  You should also be aware that, despite our reasonable efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of data.

## Third-Party Links

Portions of the services and functionality available on the Site may contain links to other third party web sites, which you may access.  These third party web sites have their own privacy policies, and you should review those privacy policies before following those links.  We cannot control the information disclosed at these third-party web sites or how that information is used.

## Children’s Privacy

We do not intend that the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen (13), and such use and access is prohibited.  In the event that we become aware that we have collected personal information from any child under the age of thirteen (13) years, we will dispose of that information in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and other applicable laws and regulations.  If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at Webmaster via e-mail at [support@Blue365deals.com](mailto:support@blue365deals.com) **,** and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.  By using the Site, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age, and understand that you must be at least eighteen (18) years of age in order to make purchases through the Site. 

We do not knowingly collect or use information from children under the age of eighteen (18) without the consent of a parent or guardian.  To best protect your child’s privacy, please supervise your child’s access to the Internet, and the Site offers and content carefully.  For more information on how to protect your child’s privacy, you can visit the Federal Trade Commission’s Kids privacy page, accessible via [www.ftc.gov](https://www.ftc.gov/).

Make changes to the information you provide us

Information that you provide voluntarily will be maintained as long as BCBSA deems appropriate to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information, the Blue365 Program, the intents of the Site, or other purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy or until you ask us to remove it.  PII provided voluntarily by you may be retained by us indefinitely for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

## Cookies

When you visit the Site, we may place a temporary “session” or a persistent cookie on your computer that will allow us to customize and enhance your experience at the Site, make improvements to the Site, and report Site activity.  Persistent cookies are stored and also used to track visitor activity on or between Blue Company web sites, enable log-in functionality, and identify Blue Company affiliation and residence (zip code) in order to present the national and local deals to the applicable members of Blue Companies that participate in the Blue365 Program.  These cookies will be used to track your activity and/or purchases on Vendors’ web sites.  You may use your browser controls to refuse to allow cookies to be placed on your computer.  Refusing cookies disables our ability to include information about your visit in regular monitoring of Site traffic, may impact the way the Site functions on your computer, and may require you to go through the entire Site registration process each time you log in or purchase any products or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by us.  We may update this Privacy Policy, from time to time.  We may advise you that changes have been made by posting a notice on the Site or otherwise.  The date of the latest revisions will be noted above at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.  Please consult the Site and the Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

## Notice to End Users outside the United States

You should be aware that the United States and other countries have not harmonized their privacy regulations.  Because the Site is intended specifically for End Users in the United States, we have written this Privacy Policy to satisfy United States regulations.  By using the Site and the services available on the Site, you agree to the level of privacy protection set out in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions or comments or receive any unwanted e-mail from the Site, please contact the Webmaster via e-mail at [support@Blue365deals.com](mailto:support@Blue365Deals.com).

Copyright © 2016 Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. All rights reserved.
