> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bluestoneperennials.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070809075625id_/http%3A//www.bluestoneperennials.com/b/bp/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bluestone Perennials, Inc -- Privacy Policy

We here at Bluestone share many things in common with our customers: 

  * The love of green and growing things. 
  * The satisfaction of hard work in the garden and creating something beautiful. 
  * Not being afraid of getting our hands dirty. 
  * Most importantly, when we do our shopping we want to know our personal information is going to stay just that - personal. 

     With this in mind let us share with you our policy in keeping your information private, what information we collect and why, our email policies and why you can feel safe doing business with Bluestone Perennials.

**Our Privacy Policy**  
     We respect your privacy and treasure your trust. For these reasons we support and adhere to the Direct Marketing Association's ["Privacy Promise."](http://www.dmaconsumers.org/privacy.html) By doing this we agree to honor customer's requests not to receive mail, email, telephone or other solicitations from Bluestone Perennials, and to comply with a customer's requests not to share their personal information with other companies.

**Information We Collect**  
     You can browse our web site, look through our on-line catalog, do custom searches, look at our frequently asked questions and much more without telling us any personal information. When you request a catalog, sign up for Bluestone Announce (special email promotions), or make a purchase from us, you choose to tell us basic information that will allow us to fulfill your request: your name, mailing address, zip code, email address, phone number and when making a purchase, your credit card information. You may receive periodic mailings from us, including catalogs, with information on new products or events. If you don't want to receive those mailings, please contact us with your name, address and telephone number and let us know that you would like us to discontinue those mailings. We also may collect such general information as the web pages most often used to direct people to Bluestone, and the pages on our site that see the most (or least) activity. This information allows us to continue to improve our site's functionality and convenience, and it helps us understand what our customers like and don't like.

**Information We Share**  
     We also use information concerning your plant purchases and order history for internal purposes such as confirming and tracking your order, and so we can analyze trends and statistics. The information you give us and information about your orders may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and, we hope, more relevant to you.  
From time to time we may establish a business partnership with other companies whose products and services you may find of interest. These business partners are trusted and must have privacy policies consistent with ours. In some cases we may share personal information and the information listed above that will enable these partners to mail you information regarding products and services that you may find useful. Note that we do not share your email address or phone number.  
If you do not want to us to share your name and address with other marketers please contact us and we will remove your name from any lists we share. Please be aware it may take 6 to 8 weeks for all mail pieces in process to deliver. When contacting us please clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address plus your zip code. Although it is unlikely, at certain times we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities whom may be causing injury to you, to our company and to others. We may also disclose information when we believe the law requires it.

**Protecting Children**  
     As a family run business we know how important it is to protect our children online. Therefore Bluestone takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. While our web site is a general audience site, we will not knowingly accept any personal information from any child under the age of 13. If it is brought to our attention that a subscriber is under age, we will immediately remove all personal and identifiable information from our records.

**About Cookies**  
     Our trusted programmers have explained that there are two kinds of cookies: a session cookie and a persistent cookie. Session cookies are not saved to your hard drive - they keep your visit within our web pages flowing smoothly, and even allow you to maintain your shopping cart. This means when you turn off your browser any trace of them is gone. Our site works very well with these session cookies. Web sites can also set a persistent cookie, or a small amount of data on your hard drive, so the computer will remember it the next time you visit that web site. The only time Bluestone will set a persistent cookie is if you choose to be automatically logged in when visiting our site. This will automatically fill in your name, address and other personal information for you. You can set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you're sent a cookie so you can decide to accept it or not - however, disabling cookies will likely compromise our web site's functionality - some pages may not work the way they are supposed to.

**Our Email Policies**  
     When you provide us with your email address, request a catalog or place an order we will send you emails necessary to process that request/order. For example, after you place an order at Bluestone, you will receive an email confirmation, and in most cases, an email alerting you to your shipment in transit with tracking information. Likewise after you request a catalog we'll send a quick email note acknowledging your request and letting you know when you should look for the catalog to arrive. If there are questions concerning your order we may send an email to you asking for clarification. We may also respond to customer correspondence via email as well. Unless you sign up for Bluestone Announce, these are the only emails you will receive from us. When you sign up for our Bluestone Announce mailing list we will email you special offers and announcements about Bluestone Perennials. It is a great way to learn of new plants getting ready to list in the next catalog, over-stocks, clearance sales, etc. No one likes spam mail. You have our promise we will never abuse your email address. You may ask to be removed from or "opt out" of this email subscription at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe from Bluestone" link on the bottom of our emails. Likewise you may ask to be removed from our mailing list - just contact us via the phone, email or postal mail with your full name, mailing address, zip code and email address.

**Correcting Your Information**  
     If you ever need to change or update your contact information, just contact us with your full name, mailing address, email address and phone number, and a description of what you want us to do. We'll update your information immediately.

**Why you can do business with Bluestone with an easy mind**  
     We are taking all reasonable steps to keep your personal information safe and secure. We use encryption technology whenever receiving your online orders. When you make a purchase you'll notice a locked padlock icon in the lower right corner of your browser window. This icon indicates the transaction is secure through SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). If this padlock does not appear when you go to checkout, please call us at 1-800-852-5243.

     Our web site may occasionally contain a link to web site operated and maintained by third parties. If you choose to visit such a site it is always a prudent idea to check out their privacy policies before sharing any personal information. If we amend or change our Privacy Policy we will let you know by posting a notice on our web site, with the effective date posted there. At that effective date the new policy will replace the previous stated policy. If at any time you have questions about our Privacy policy, or any other matter concerning Bluestone, please contact us. We will be happy to answer your questions. Thank you!

- _Your Friends at Bluestone_
