> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bluenile.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180613065541id_/https%3A//www.bluenile.com/policies/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Blue Nile

DATA PROTECTION FOR INDIVIDUALS BASED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND SWITZERLAND

If you are a customer or website visitor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, the following, additional information is relevant to you. (Please do not rely on the below if you are not located in an EEA nation or Switzerland.):

Blue Nile, Inc., having its registered address at 411 First Avenue S., Suite 700, Seattle, Washington, 98104, United States, is the data controller of your personal information for purposes of the EU General data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). All customer orders are processed exclusively by Blue Nile, Inc. The representative of Blue Nile, Inc. in the EEA for data protection purposes is Blue Nile Jewellery Limited, having its registered address at 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland.

We only process your personal information if you have consented to such processing or, to the extent that it is necessary (i) for the performance of your agreement with us or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into an agreement with us; (ii) to comply with our legal obligations; or (iii) for the purpose of our legitimate interests, including operating, evaluating and improving our global business. As required under the GDPR, we have carefully balanced our legitimate business interests against your data protection rights. For companies like Blue Nile, Inc. that have global business operations, processing customer’s personal information for internal administrative purposes customer relations or direct marketing is typically also considered a legitimate interest under the GDPR.

Your personal information will be hosted in and managed from the United States, where Blue Nile, Inc. is based. The law in the United States may not offer the same level of privacy and data protection as the law in your home country. We will rely on Blue Nile’s need of your personal information for the performance of our contract with you for this transfer to the United States . When your personal information is transferred to (or accessed from) other countries outside the EEA for which the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision, we will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information remains protected. This may include data transfer agreements, a copy of which you can obtain by contacting us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section below.

In general we will store your personal information as long as the information is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it (as explained in the “Use of Your Personal Information” section). We are committed to being our customers’ jeweler for life. If you become a customer of Blue Nile, Inc., you may be eligible for many lifetime benefits, including, but not limited to: our lifetime diamond upgrade program, our lifetime product warranty, and lifetime repairs, cleaning, and resizing of jewelry. If you decide to take advantage of these benefits, we will keep your information until you (or your next of kin) ask us to remove your personal information from our records. Once your personal information has been removed from our records, it will not be possible to warranty, upgrade, clean, repair, or resize any product that you have purchased with us.

You have the right to request access to the personal information that we process about you, to have your personal information corrected or erased, to restrict the processing of your personal information, as well as the right to data portability (certain of these rights are subject to our obligation to verify your identify). To exercise these rights, you should submit a written request using the contact details set out below. If you are not satisfied with the way we handle your request, you can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your home country.

Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking [here](https://www.bluenile.com/contact-us/subscription) for e-mail consent or [here](https://www.bluenile.com/policies/cookies) for cookie consent. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that has happened based on your consent prior to the withdrawal.

You also have the right to object, at any time, to the processing of your personal information which is based on Blue Nile, Inc.’s legitimate interests, provided that we may retain your personal information for certain compelling purposes such as legal, auditing, accounting and billing purposes. Where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to such processing, including for profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to direct marketing. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal information for such purposes. 
