> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blundstone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121023113856id_/http%3A//www.blundstone.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

####  Confidentiality 

Blundstone Australia Pty Ltd is firmly committed to your privacy. Please find following the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website **[www.blundstone.com.au](http://www.blundstone.com.au/)** Blundstone adheres to the National Privacy Principles in all its dealings with individuals in Australia. A copy of the National Privacy Principles may be obtained by following this link to the Federal Privacy Commissioners Web site **[www.privacy.gov.au](http://www.privacy.gov.au/)** **Privacy Policy Changes** Blundstone may need to change its privacy statement from time to time, due to internal changes, or in order to serve your needs better. Blundstone will use reasonable efforts to publish any such changes. **Automatically Logged Information** Your IP address is automatically logged by our Web server. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. **External Links** This site contains links to other sites. Blundstone is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. **Security** Blundstone recognises your concern for security and will use all reasonable efforts to establish secure connections with you and to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. **Children’s Guidelines** We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children. **1.** We will not collect, use or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. **2.** We will not give the child access to unmonitored mailing lists or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. **3.** When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as an email address) to : **a.** Respond directly to the child’s request and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes. **b.** Request the name or online contact info mation of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification. **4.** We will not entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game or service. **5.** We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information collected from their child. **6.** We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected. **7.** We will not provide any links to websites that are unsuitable for children. **8.** We will encourage children to obtain their parents permission before sharing personal information online. **Disclaimer** Whilst Blundstone Australia Pty Ltd will use its best endeavours to comply with this privacy statement in all respects, it will not be liable to any person for any loss, cost, damage, injury, liability, claim or demand of any kind caused by or arising out of its failure to so comply. **Copyright** Blundstone Australia Pty Ltd retains copyright of all images and text on this site, and any downloading without written permission from Blundstone is not permitted, and may result in legal action. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact **[info@blundstone.com.au](mailto:info@blundstone.com.au)**

**[Return to Blundstone website](https://web.archive.org/)**
