> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ondemandresearch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121002224626id_/http%3A//www.ondemandresearch.com/privacy-policy/index.html%3Fheight%3D600%26width%3D800) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OnDemand Research » The Next Level of Market Research

This privacy policy updated October 27, 2009

OnDemandResearch.com is committed to protecting your privacy in a manner that will allow you to use our services with confidence and peace of mind. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe: 1) what information OnDemandResearch.com collects; 2) how we use it; 3) your control over the information you give us and; 4) how we protect your information from theft or unauthorized use. This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Use of the services offered at this site constitutes acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you have a question about the Privacy Policy please send us an e-mail message at [security@OnDemandResearch.com](mailto:security@OnDemandResearch.com)

## The Information We Collect

Any information that you provide through the OnDemandResearch.com registration process or responses to offers made available to you through our site is completely voluntary. You always have a choice whether or not to disclose information requested in the survey, registration or offer form or to remain opted-in as a OnDemandResearch.com user. The information we collect includes contact and postal information (such as name, mailing address and home or mobile telephone number), e-mail address and demographic information (such as age, interests and additional information). In addition, OnDemandResearch.com may present questions regarding your health. Your participation in these questions is completely voluntary. Lastly, OnDemandResearch.com does not collect credit card information or Social Security numbers. Please contact [security@OnDemandResearch.com](mailto:security@OnDemandResearch.com) immediately should you receive a request for such information.

We are able to offer our free services, in part, based upon the willingness of our users to be contacted by our marketing partners, including affiliated third party advertisers. By allowing us to make the information you supply available to our marketing partners, you will receive free product and service information that may be of interest to you. You may, at any time, notify us that you do not wish to have your Personal Information disclosed to third parties for offers and promotions by sending an e-mail to [privacy@OnDemandResearch.com](mailto:privacy@OnDemandResearch.com).

We also think that you should be rewarded for the time it takes to fill out our survey. That's why we provide incentives either directly or indirectly. In part, that's also why we cannot accept information from those under the age of 18 years. Those under 18 cannot participate in sweepstakes and promotions offered by OnDemandResearch.com or the promotion sponsor. In addition, we do not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If, however, we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected, we will delete it from our records. We encourage parents and guardians to participate in and supervise the online activities of their children.

## How We Use It

Your information will be used to improve and personalize the offers OnDemandResearch.com sends to you and all our members. By providing your e-mail address to OnDemandResearch.com, you are agreeing to receive periodic e-mail messages from OnDemandResearch.com. OnDemandResearch.com may send you e-mail and/or SMS text messages regarding marketing offers from us or other reputable organizations whose products and services we think you might find interesting. Contact, postal, mobile phone number, e-mail address and demographic information may be shared with third party marketers for marketing purposes. Similarly, your answers to health related questions may be used or shared to market or advertise products, goods or services to you. By completing health related questions on the survey, you are consenting to the use of this information for direct marketing purposes. In addition, OnDemandResearch.com provides services for direct marketing applications including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation.

In addition, by registering at any of the Sites, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR 310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the ("Rule") and applicable state do-not-call regulations. Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed at the Federal Trade Commission' Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and the applicable state do-not-call regulations. In addition, by submitting your personal information to any one of the Sites, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing, from us and our third-party advertisers and marketers. Notwithstanding that your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact you via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law. Further, you agree that we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute your mobile telephone number and other mobile data with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

## SMS Offering and Opt-out rights

By completing or submitting a registration form or partial registration form you are consenting to receive SMS, wireless or other mobile offering to your cell phone. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard charges and rates apply to these messages. For SMS text messages, you may remove your information by replying "STOP", "END", or "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received and we will remove your personal information within 10 days of receiving such request.

## The Controls You Have On The Information You Share

If you do not want us to share contact, postal, e-mail address and demographic information with third party marketers, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. Please click [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20121002224626id_/http%3A//www.ondemandresearch.com/contact-us/) to send us a request to be added to this list In addition, you may request to be unsubscribed from our list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained within the e-mail message delivered by OnDemandResearch.com, contacting us via e-mail at [unsubscribeodr@ondemandresearch.com](mailto:unsubscribeodr@ondemandresearch.com) or writing to us at OnDemandResearch.com, 105 East 34th Street #144, New York, N.Y. 10016, with a request to be removed. We attempt to process all unsubscribe requests in a prompt fashion. However, after unsubscribing, we cannot guarantee that you will never receive another mailing from us, because we may obtain your e-mail address in the future through a different e-mail marketing program that you have opted into. We can guarantee, however, that if you should ever receive another e-mail communication from us, you will be able to remove your e-mail address via the unsubscribe hyperlink. You may unsubscribe from any of our mobile marketing programs at any time. In every mobile communication we send, there is an unsubscribe option that allows the recipient to unsubscribe from the specific marketing program by following the simple instructions included therein. We attempt to process all unsubscribe requests in a prompt fashion. However, after unsubscribing, we cannot guarantee that you will never receive another mobile marketing message from us, because we may obtain your authorization to receive mobile marketing messages in the future through a different mobile marketing program that you have opted into. We can guarantee, however, that if you should ever receive another mobile marketing message from us, you will be able to remove your mobile number via the applicable unsubscribe procedure.

If you supply OnDemandResearch.com with your postal address, you may receive periodic postal mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. You may also receive mailings from other reputable companies. If you do not want to receive postal mail from OnDemandResearch.com or other reputable companies, please use this form to update your preferences or write to us at OnDemandResearch.com, Attn: No Postal, 105 East 34th Street #144, New York, N.Y. 10016. Please provide us with your exact name and address and we will be sure your name is removed from our postal list.

If you give us your telephone number, you may receive calls from OnDemandResearch.com or other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-call list by clicking here. You can also [submit your request online by using this form](https://web.archive.org/web/20121002224626id_/http%3A//www.ondemandresearch.com/contact-us/).

At your request, we will remove Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may do so by e-mailing [privacy@OnDemandResearch.com](mailto:privacy@OnDemandResearch.com). However, deleting your Personal Information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from us or third parties will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on a Site and for managing future communications from us and third parties. These deletions will not change or delete Personal Information already collected as part of a particular transaction in our database, which may have already been shared with third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact third parties who may contact you directly to change your preferences or your personal information that they may be using to contact you.

## Security

OnDemandResearch.com takes every precaution to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. Although OnDemandResearch.com does not collect sensitive data like credit card information or Social Security numbers and therefore offers a significantly reduced incentive for data theft, we take very seriously our responsibility to protect your private information. Internally, we restrict access to your information to employees who need access to the information in order for them to do their jobs. These employees are limited in number and are committed to our privacy and security policies. Finally, the servers on which we store your information are kept in a secure environment. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an e-mail to [security@OnDemandResearch.com](mailto:security@OnDemandResearch.com). 

## Log Files

We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor traffic, and aggregate demographic data. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

## Third Party Ads

OnDemandResearch.com works with third parties to serve ads and promotions through this site as well as to assist us in managing customer information and to communicate with you. These parties include, but are not limited to Avenue A, Advertising.com and DoubleClick.net. To find out more about how these third parties manage the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please visit the privacy policy on their web sites.

## Third Party Incentive Offers

Cash or other incentives are occasionally offered to members in exchange for completed surveys. These incentives are offered by our sponsors, not by OnDemandResearch.com. If you complete one of these special surveys and your eligibility is confirmed, you will be paid the corresponding incentive via PayPal or check by the companies offering the cash incentives. It may take up to eight (8) weeks to receive the cash funds or other incentives. The funds or incentives will be sent to the e-mail address or physical address you use to register with our sponsors. If your e-mail address or physical address changes and funds or products have already been sent to your address on file, OnDemandResearch.com cannot redirect the funds or other incentives to your new address. It is your responsibility to inform the companies you signed up for of your address or other changes in your contact information. OnDemandResearch.com will not make payments directly in any form.

## Third Party Sweepstakes, Contests and Prize Promotions

Some of our sponsors offer sweepstakes, contests or other prize promotions. These promotions are conducted and offered by or through our sponsors, not by OnDemandResearch.com. OnDemandResearch.com is not responsible for any promotion, award, prize, or the use of entrant data by the sponsor or other promotion operator. Prize promotions are subject to all rules and regulations as specified by the sponsor or other promotion operator.

## Member Responsibility

OnDemandResearch.com gathers information for companies, some of which are willing to compensate you for your time and pay you for taking surveys or reading e-mails, to give you various incentives for becoming a member of their panels, or to enter you into prize promotions. You agree to provide truthful information and not to use the name or persona of anyone else. You are responsible for any taxes due as a result of payments made for your participation in online surveys, or any prizes received. Our sponsors are required by law to issue a Form 1099 to any member who is paid $600.00 or more, and/or receives incentives or prizes valued at $600 or more, for participation in surveys, for the participation of referrals, or as prizes. If requested, you hereby agree to provide that information, including your Social Security or Tax ID number, and other personal information as required, to our sponsors for tax reporting purposes. By entering any promotion or incentive program, or participating in any survey or using any feature offered through our websites, you agree to abide by all our terms and conditions, and by the rules and regulations of the sponsor, promoter or operator. You also agree to hold OnDemandResearch.com harmless from all liability, damages or expenses incurred as a result of any violation of those rules and regulations, or of our terms and policies.

## Disclaimer of Liability

OnDemandResearch.com is not responsible for any misdirected, incomplete or incorrect information, entries or data supplied by members or entrants, or for correcting any member or entrant data. OnDemandResearch.com assumes no responsibility or liability for injury, loss, damage, or expense, arising through or from the use of our website, web pages, content, surveys, promotions, or any actions of third parties, including sponsors. OnDemandResearch.com is not responsible for, and disclaims all liability resulting from, all third party incentive, sweepstakes, prize promotions or other programs.

## Third Party Service

From time-to-time, we may partner with other parties to provide specific services. It may be necessary to share names, or other contact information with a third party(ies) to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.

## Links

This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we, OnDemandResearch.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our website. When you are on the OnDemandResearch.com site or are accessing a OnDemandResearch.com promotion through an advertising vehicle, and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with OnDemandResearch.com. Promotions, surveys and other sweepstakes offerings may be sponsored, or co-sponsored, by another company. Some or all of the data collected during such a program may be shared with the marketing partner. Your participation is always voluntary.

## Sale, Merger or Reorganization

OnDemandResearch.com may transfer, sell or assign information concerning your use of this Site, including without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your use of the Site, to third parties, as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, changing control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of OnDemandResearch.com.

## Special Disclosure Exceptions

In some cases, we may disclose your personal information with other third parties if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to: Comply with the law; Protect and defend our rights and property; Protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site and/or OnDemandResearch.com; or Protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.

## Notification of Changes

OnDemandResearch.com may from time to time, amend this Policy, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion. If there are material changes to this Policy or in how OnDemandResearch.com uses your personally identifiable information, OnDemandResearch.com will prominently post such changes with a notice on the homepage of the website prior to implementing the change. Please check this page periodically for changes. Continued use of this site following notification of a change in privacy policy shall constitute acceptance of the change and this Policy. If you are not in agreement with the terms of this Policy, please unsubscribe from the OnDemandResearch.com by sending an e-mail to [unsubscribeodr@ondemandresearch.com](mailto:unsubscribeodr@ondemandresearch.com) or write to us at OnDemandResearch.com, 105 East 34th Street #144, New York, N.Y. 10016. If you feel that OnDemandResearch.com is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, please send an e-mail to [security@OnDemandResearch.com](mailto:security@OnDemandResearch.com) or write us at OnDemandResearch.com, 105 East 34th Street #144, New York, N.Y. 10016.

In addition to the information collected by us and registration information submitted by you, we may employ both first-party and third-party cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing activity-based information about you, and it is designed to facilitate the receipt of targeted and relevant advertisements. The cookie is not associated with your personally identifiable information. To opt out of our third party cookie-based marketing program, click here: <http://rt.displaymarketplace.com/optout.html>

Last Updated: 10/27/2009
