> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ipoque.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610054308id_/http%3A//www.ipoque.com/en/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | ipoque - a Rohde & Schwarz Company

## Security of your information

The security of personal information is a high priority at ipoque. We maintain these web sites and all associated data with technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect against loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification and improper disclosure. No computer system and information can ever be fully protected against every possible hazard. But ipoque is committed to providing reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect our web sites and their information against foreseeable hazards.

## Information we collect and how it is used

On certain pages, we give users the option of providing us with contact information, including name and e-mail address, as a requirement. Providing this information is voluntary which we use internally and with ipoque partners. We will NOT provide your information to any third party. If you have opted into membership of our information newsletter, you may cancel participation in email newsletters by following the instructions on each newsletter. Information you provide may be used for ipoque marketing purposes, including but not limited to, one-off promotional e-mailing, direct mail, and sales contacts. We will honor all requests for list removal sent to [info@ipoque.com.](mailto:info@ipoque.com)

* * *

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

We anonymize IP addresses. You can also use a browser plugin provided by Google to disable the use of the cookie, the use of personalized data (incl. IP address) and the processing of your data through Google. The current link is <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.
