> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ahold.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150628215937id_/https%3A//www.ahold.com/Privacy-and-cookies-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and cookies policy

Koninklijke Ahold N.V. (“Ahold”), its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (together “Ahold Companies”) appreciate your interest in their products and services and your visit to this website (the "Site") and the sites of the Ahold Companies. To the extent any discrepancy exists between the respective privacy policies as applicable to such sites and this Privacy Policy, those policies prevail. We intend to give you as much control as possible over your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) and it is important to us that you feel comfortable with visiting the Site. Any Personal Information that you give us, including but not limited to your email address, may be used in the following ways. If you give us Personal Information in order to receive information from us - for instance when submitting requests for annual reports or other information on Ahold Companies - we may collect and store your information as it enables us to fulfill your information request. We may also use that Personal Information for marketing and promotional purposes. If you do not want it to be used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt-out" by emailing your request to us (at [communications@ahold.com](mailto:communications@ahold.com "mailto:communications@ahold.com")). Ahold sometimes sells a business to another company. Such sale could include the transfer of your Personal Information directly related to that business to the buyer. We will release Personal Information, to the extent required by law. Except as described in the previous sentence, Ahold will not sell or willfully provide your Personal Information to third parties who are not our subsidiaries, joint venture partners or associates allowing them to use your Personal Information for their own purposes. We will not share any Personal Information you provide, such as credit card information, with other parties, unless it is needed to handle your request, process your invoice or prevent or combat fraud. The Site may contain links to websites that are not related to Ahold Companies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the owners of such websites. 

If you visit the websites of Koninklijke Ahold N.V. www.ahold.com, 2012.yearreview.ahold.com, 2011yearreview.ahold.com or inmemoriam.ahold.com (individually and collectively the “Site”) to browse, read or download information, we collect and store information from you by using cookies. 

Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer by your web browser and used by a website to read and write data for record-keeping purposes intended to improve your browsing experience. 

The Site uses cookies which fall into three categories: basic cookies, functional cookies and optimal cookies. 

  1. **Basic cookies** \- Cookies that are essential for the operation of the Site. You can remove any cookies already stored on your computer, but some features of the Site will not be accessible.
  2. **Functional cookies** \- Cookies to analyze how our visitors use the Site and to monitor Site performance. This allows us to improve the Site and more quickly identify and fix any issues that arise. For example, we might use Google Analytics cookies to keep track of which pages and downloads are most popular and to determine why others are not.
  3. **Optimal cookies** \- Cookies to optimize the use of the Site that do not belong to the former categories, such as social media cookies.



[Click here for an overview of cookies that we use. ](https://web.archive.org/web/file?uuid=4789ad5a-f5c8-428e-8fb5-177837d232d2&owner=f6216a8f-4a2d-494f-8168-ae6cd1765756&contentid=1850 "Ahold_cookie_matrix__FINAL.pdf")

We never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent by us in a cookie. The use of cookies is common, and you will find cookies at most major websites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can change your browser settings to refuse cookies. However, in so doing, you may not be able to fully utilize the functionalities of the Site. 

Once you have provided us with your Personal Information, you will have reasonable access to that information so you can change or delete it. You may do this by requesting your profile at the contact address listed above. Of course, you will always have the option to unsubscribe to any online contact from Ahold or change your personal profile.  
For any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can find our address by pressing the Contact Us button at the top of the Site. If you have a concern about our use of your Personal Information, please let us know and we will make all reasonable efforts to address it. From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy and the way in which we use your personal data, we will post such changes on this page. Please check the Privacy Policy on a regular basis. 
