> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nycerome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231203900id_/http%3A//nycerome.com/nycerome-privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rome hotels, online reservation of hotels in Rome, Italy

**Privacy policy**

NYCEWORLD srl collects personal data and/or demographical information when users carry out a hotel booking,make a request for information or send an email message to nyceRome.com. These information can be used by NYCEWORLD srl and/or delegated third parties to maintain and process bookings and to compile anonymous demographical statistics. NYCEWORLD will also send from time to time information to customers relating to the booking service or containing other information above NYCEWORLD websites. Those who do not wish to receive the above-mentioned information can send us a simple e-mail requesting to no further receive information by NYCEWORLD.   
Credit card details are disclosed to the hotel where you have requested the booking only in order to finish processing and to guarantee the booking. NYCEWORLD srl cannot release your personal information to third parties without your consent if the purpose is unrelated to the services you have requested. The security of the information given by the customer to us is very important ; NYCEWORLD srl utilizes a cryptographic system (SSL) during the booking request and other measures to protect the costumer sensible data from loss, abuse and alteration. nyceRome.com includes links to other sites: this site is not responsible in any way for the actions and security of these third parties who do not share with us any information regarding the customer.

 **Compliance with Italian Law on Privacy**

Customer personal data are recorded by NYCEWORLD srl in order to perform the booking service or other services requested by users and to provide pertinent information. Incomplete or false data recorded results in the impossibility to make use of the booking service or other services when the requested data are necessary. Said data are processed in observance of Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (Personal data protection). NYCEWORLD srl hereby informs users that the personal data provided by customers during the booking process shall be processed of the following purposes: necessary activities strictly connected with access to the system, online booking services as well as activation of the booking services; activities connected with relevant notifications sent out to users; The processing of personal data shall be regulated by the principles of correctness, lawfulness and transparency and shall take place, in compliance with the abovementioned law, in full observance of the utmost privacy and protection of the customer's rights. Processing shall also be performed with the aid of computers and will either be directly automated and/or executed by third parties. The submission of the requested data is mandatory in order to enable access to the system and online booking services. Refusal to provide said data will result in failure to gain access to the system and booking services and therefore, the impossibility of making the bookings themselves. Customers hereby declare they are aware of their rights pursuant to art. 7 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 196/2003.
