> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lasenza.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130313120542id_/http%3A//www.lasenza.com/eng/customerSecurity/privacyPolicy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# La Senza - Sexy lingerie, bras, panties, intimates, sleepwear, and activewear at La Senza online lingerie store

We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our customers in the electronic environment. The following outlines our practices concerning the collection and use of your information collected on this website.

We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our customers in the electronic environment.  
The following outlines our practices concerning the collection and use of your information collected on this website. By visiting our website at http://www.lasenza.com you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy and these legal terms and conditions. If you do not agree please do not use or access our website.

You may be required to provide personal information to us when ordering a product or registering for the La Senza Email Club. You will know when this information is being collected because you will be asked to complete and submit a form. We need this information to deliver products to customers, provide customer support and/or to administer customer accounts.

Like many commercial websites, we also automatically collect other information by way of electronic means, using cookies which are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. This information includes the address (or "URL") of the website that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser software you use to view our site, your IP address and any search terms you have entered on our site or in order to access to our site. This data is not used individually, but is aggregated and only used to tailor our website to better meet your interests and preferences. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies, or selectively accept cookies, by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you turn cookies off, there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you. However, you should still be able to browse our website and make online purchases.

We do not share any personal information of our customers with any third parties, except to internal service providers that we use to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you. These internal service providers' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced related operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses. From time to time, we may be required to provide personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. Unless prevented by law, we will notify you prior to the release of such information.

If you submit your contact information and resume for employment purposes with us, this information will only be used to evaluate your qualifications for the desired position and possibly to contact you for further information.
