> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lasvegas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622210354id_/http%3A//www.lasvegas.com/about_us/privacy_feature_content.HTM) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LasVegas.com - LasVegas.com Privacy Policy

[](https://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.lasvegas.com)Las Travel, LLC, d/b/a LasVegas.com ("LasVegas.com," "we," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. To do so, we have developed and adhere to this Privacy Policy, which discloses the information privacy practices for our Web site, [www.LasVegas.com](http://www.lasvegas.com/) ("Site"), including the information that we collect and how we use that information. By visiting LasVegas.com, you are accepting the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions set forth on the Site. 

LAS Travel, LLC is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site www.lasvegas.com. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users’ privacy, we have agreed to disclose our privacy practices and have them reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. 

If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact LasVegas.com by mail:

LasVegas.com  
c/o Privacy Policy  
P.O. Box 93145  
Las Vegas, NV 89193

If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or it is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process (http://www.truste.org/watchdog.html). TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users concerns. 

**Information We Collect**

LasVegas.com collects personally identifiable information ("PII") about you that you specifically and **voluntarily** provide. Please understand that before you may purchase any of the products and services available on our Site, you must provide some PII to us. PII includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your full name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. Upon our request, you may also choose to **voluntarily** provide additional PII to us, such as your age, gender, marital status, hobby information, travel preferences, etc. LasVegas.com will use PII provided by you to create a profile about you in the [My Profile](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayProfiles.jsp?storefront=1001) area of your member account. Lastly, we may gather PII through your **voluntary** agreement to (i) subscribe to our newslist and (ii) participate in surveys, polls, promotions, contests, and sweepstakes sponsored by us. 

LasVegas.com collects PII in order to: (1) tailor your experience at our Site to your interests, (2) help us continually refine the Site and improve the services we offer, (3) provide you with information about promotions and offers through e-mail and on the Site that we believe will be of interest to you, (4) complete air, car, hotel, show ticket, and restaurant reservations, and (5) allow us contact you for customer service, if necessary. PII that we may collect is described below: 

  * **Membership information.** When you register to become a member of LasVegas.com, we ask you to choose a username and password, and we ask you to provide your e-mail address. We use this information to create your member account and will send you a "Welcome to LasVegas.com" e-mail to verify that the information you provided is correct and to provide explanatory information to you relating to our Site. Unless you have checked the box to allow us to save this information, you must provide this information each time you log on to our Site. Although you are required to register as a member of LasVegas.com in order to use selected travel planning tools, and some PII is needed in order to process and fulfill travel requests, many areas of LasVegas.com can be accessed without providing any PII. 
  * **Traveler Profile Information.** When a travel reservation is made, LasVegas.com collects the full name, address, and contact phone numbers for each traveler. You may also be asked to include information about each traveler's preferences, such as seat selection, meal requests, frequent flyer and awards programs and any applicable membership numbers, and ticketing options. This information is stored in the [My Profile](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayProfiles.jsp?storefront=1001) area of a member's LasVegas.com account. One benefit of providing this information to us is that it will be quicker for you when making future reservations, as you will not have to type the same information repeatedly. If you choose not to provide us with information relating to your traveling preferences, you may still purchase travel services on our Site. When you purchase travel products and services for someone else on LasVegas.com, we may collect PII and travel preferences about that individual. Because they will be unable to view or change any information you provide on their behalf, you should obtain the consent of those individuals prior to providing LasVegas.com with their PII. 
  * **Travel Purchase Information.** LasVegas.com collects the credit card information (including card number, type, and expiration date), the cardholder's name, and the billing address of the credit card used to purchase travel. This information is also stored in the [My Profile](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayProfiles.jsp?storefront=1001) area of your member account. 
  * **Promotions, Contests, and Sweepstakes Information.** LasVegas.com may offer Site visitors and our members the chance to participate in promotions, contests, or sweepstakes; your participation is voluntary. Those individuals participating in such activities will be requested to provide PII, including their full name, e-mail address, and street address, which we would use to contact you in the event that you are a winner. 
  * **Surveys and Polls.** LasVegas.com may also request Site visitors and our members to participate in polls and surveys; your participation is voluntary. We will use information gathered through such polls and surveys to develop additional features, content, and promotions on the Site. 
  * **Information collected when you contact LasVegas.com.** When you contact LasVegas.com with a question, comment, suggestion, or request for assistance, you may be required to provide PII, such as your full name, username, e-mail address, and/or contact phone numbers. If you personally contact or send communications to LasVegas.com, authorized employees may update your member profile to reflect any new PII received from you.

 **Information that is Automatically Collected through "Cookies"**

As with most other Web sites, when you visit LasVegas.com, we automatically assign you a "cookie" (a small, unique identifier text file that resides on your computer). This cookie does not contain any PII. It merely allows us to better estimate the number of viewers that use the Site and the number of viewers that arrive to specific pages of our Site. If you do not wish to receive a cookie file, you can always set your Web browser to refuse them or prompt you before accepting one. However, please be aware that rejecting cookies could affect your ability to complete transactions, and to access planning tools, on LasVegas.com. 

When you access [My Trips](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayTrips.jsp?storefront=1001) (a feature that allows you to view all prior travel itineraries) or [My Profile](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayProfiles.jsp?storefront=1001) areas of the LasVegas.com or when you reserve or purchase travel, LasVegas.com requires you to sign in as a member. When you do so, we record your user name and the member account name in the cookie file. We may also record your password in this cookie file if you checked the box entitled "Save this password for automatic sign-in." Your username, password, and the full name on your member account is stored in the cookie file as encrypted data; therefore, no person can view the information it contains by obtaining unauthorized access to your computer. 

The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by DoubleClick, our Web advertising partner. Information about your visits to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal in-formation), is used to serve ads to you. For more information about DoubleClick, cookies, and how to "opt-out", please click here. 

**Third Party Cookies**

In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. 

**Use of your Personal Information**

Information collected on LasVegas.com may be used to: 

  * **Create a Member Account.** When you register to become a member of LasVegas.com, we use your information to create your member account. 
  * **Plan and Purchase Travel.** Information collected when you complete your traveler profile and/or the profiles of those traveling with you is used to confirm and process your travel reservation(s). As such, we only disclose the minimum PII to those service providers that you decide to make arrangements with through our Site. For example, when you purchase a hotel room, we provide the hotel with the PII needed to process the transaction. In addition, PII is used to bill your credit card and deliver your travel itinerary, either electronically or through the mail. We may also use your e-mail address or telephone number to contact you about changes to your purchased travel itinerary. 
  * **Send E-mail Notifications for Special Promotions.** As a LasVegas.com member, if you have expressly opted-in to receive specific information from us, we may send you e-mails about special promotions, contests, sweepstakes, hotel specials, or other travel opportunities on LasVegas.com and its marketing partners. Please understand that typically our contests and special offers are conducted through online means, so a valid e-mail must be presented to participate. We only want you to receive e-mail regarding special promotions and offers that you want to receive. As such, all of our e-mail contains clear information telling you how to unsubscribe, and we intend to promptly honor all such requests. 
  * **Respond to your Questions, Comments, or Suggestions.** We will use your e-mail address or telephone number to respond when you submit a question, comment, or suggestion, or if you contact us to request our assistance. 
  * **Improve the Quality of your Visit to our Site.** We collect certain information based on your navigation of our Site in order to better understand and serve your needs and the needs of our customers in general. This data allows us to improve your ability to navigate the Site, to implement future design modifications of the Site, and to develop content that will be of interest to our members and Site visitors. We do not collect PII during your navigation of the Site unless you explicitly provide it. 
  * **Illustrate to Advertisers the Demographics of our Site Visitors.** We may collect and share aggregate information with advertisers regarding the demographics of visitors to our Site. 
  * **Chat with your to assist in your travel plans.** We use an outsourced live PC to phone service. It allows you to talk with us directly from your PC. It collects some PII, but that information is not used by the outsourced company except to provide the service. 
  * **Tell A Friend.** If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. We do not store this information, except for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. 



**Sharing your Personal Information**

**LasVegas.com does not sell or rent your PII to anyone.** LasVegas.com will never share your PII with any party not affiliated with us without your express consent. LasVegas.com may share your PII in the following circumstances: 

Service Providers and Travel Suppliers. To provide and process the travel services you request, LasVegas.com shares your PII with our authorized service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf. Examples include providers that fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal mail, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, and provide customer service. We only share PII with service providers relating to travel that is either reserved or purchased on LasVegas.com. Our service providers need your PII (i.e. your traveler profile and your credit card information) to process and confirm your travel reservation. These service providers will disclose information about your traveler profile to travel suppliers (hotel, airline, show venues, and/or rental car suppliers) whose products you have purchased. Similar to travel arranged through a travel agent, your PII must be shared with our travel suppliers to confirm your reservation and travel preferences. Although LasVegas.com offers travel products from hotel, airline, show venues, and rental car suppliers that are reputable companies, we have not placed limitations on our travel suppliers from using or disclosing your information without your permission. Therefore, we encourage you to review the information privacy practices of any travel suppliers whose products you purchase on LasVegas.com. In addition, these travel suppliers may also contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about your confirmed reservation. 

  * **Third Parties Engaged to Conduct Surveys, Promotions, or Sweepstakes.** LasVegas.com may contract with a reputable third party to facilitate the distribution of survey, poll, promotion, contest, or sweepstakes programs. This information is protected by a confidentiality agreement and is to be used solely in connection with completing the project for which the third party was engaged. Upon completion of these projects, all information is returned to LasVegas.com. 
  * **Other Web sites.** There are several places throughout LasVegas.com that may link you to other Web sites that do not operate under LasVegas.com's information privacy practices, even though in some instances we may brand another site with our look and feel or frame its website with our own. When you click through to these Web sites, LasVegas.com's information privacy practices no longer apply. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements for all third-party Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your PII. 
  * **Other Disclosure Obligations.** In addition to the circumstances described above, LasVegas.com may disclose your PII if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authority, to enforce our Site Terms and Conditions and our Purchasing Terms and Conditions, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including, without limitation, to protect the rights or properties of LasVegas.com when we have reason to believe that disclosing your PII is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. It may also be necessary for LasVegas.com to provide member information to third parties, such as credit card companies, for the purpose of resolving disputes that arise in the normal course of business. Finally, in the event we were to sell our business, member information would likely be one of the transferred assets. For more information on a sale of our assets see the "Changes to the Las Vegas Privacy Policy" below.



**Protecting your Personal Information**

In order to safeguard the PII you have provided to us, LasVegas.com has instituted appropriate physical and electronic measures to keep information stored in our systems protected from unauthorized access. Our systems are configured with industry-standard firewalls, systems designed to prevent unauthorized access, and data encryption technologies. All information you provide to LasVegas.com is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, a proven encryption system that will allow your browser to automatically encrypt data before sending it to us. 

LasVegas.com has obtained a digital certificate from VeriSign, the leading provider of digital trust services. To verify the digital certificate for LasVegas.com on each secured page, click the image of the closed lock or the solid key on the bottom bar of the browser window. A small window displaying the site security information will appear. 

Of course, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and any account information. Please be careful, responsible, and alert with this information, especially when you are online. 

**Updating your Personal Information**

We want you to have control over your PII; we believe that it is especially important for you to have the ability to update and change your PII so that you can help us ensure that you receive information relating to the products or services purchased by you on our Site in a timely fashion. Accordingly, the [My Profile](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayProfiles.jsp?storefront=1001) area of LasVegas.com allows you to view and change your PII. You may update or correct names, phone numbers, passport information, emergency contact information, and update your travel preferences. In addition, the [My Profile](https://reservations.lasvegas.com/lv/mbrDisplayProfiles.jsp?storefront=1001) area permits you to change your account settings; for example, you could subscribe or unsubscribe to the newslist or opt to receive e-mail notifications in the event that you had previously decided not to do so. 

**Changes to the LasVegas.com Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy was produced and posted on LasVegas.com on November 11, 2002. LasVegas.com reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.from time to time. If there are material changes to this statement or in how LasVegas.com will use your PII, LasVegas.com will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Regardless of later updates, we will abide by the information privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy at the time you provided us with your information or we obtain your consent. 

**Contacting LasVegas.com**

LasVegas.com customer service travel agents are ready to help with your LasVegas.com travel concerns 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You may call 800.642.8158 at any time to speak to a representative personally. Agents will address any questions or concerns you may have about this Privacy Policy or any general concerns relating to your LasVegas.com travel planning or purchases. We intend to respond to all requests via e-mail, telephone, or in writing within 72 hours of our receipt of such request. In addition, you may directly contact the travel supplier at the phone number or address provided on your travel itinerary. 
