> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pubg.io privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171231180855id_/http%3A//www.playbattlegrounds.com/privacyPolicy.pu) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS

**7.  Cookie And Related Technologies.** Bluehole uses cookies and other technologies to collect demographic information, personalize your experience on the Site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer (if your browser is enabled to accept cookies) to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to Personal Information. We use cookies and other technology to customize your experience within the Site. Personal Information collected through the use of these technologies will be handled according to this Privacy Policy.  
Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or "Help" screen to learn more about how to manage cookies. Please note, however, that if you block cookies, some portions of the Site may not function properly.  
We do not control cookies in third party ads, and you are encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. The ads appearing on the Site may be delivered to you by third-party advertising companies. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on the Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

We also maintain log files which contain Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. We use log files to monitor traffic on the Site, to report information to our advertisers and to troubleshoot technical problems. In the event of user abuse of the Site, we may block certain IP addresses. IP addresses may be used to personally identify you in order to enforce our Terms of Service and any applicable end user license agreement.  
Google® Analytics;

More specifically, Bluehole may use the following advertising functions of Google® Analytics and collect personal information as provided by Google®, and you may withdraw your consent by deactivating such functions in Google®'s advertising settings: Remarketing by using Google® Analytics; Google® Display Network Exposure Report; Google® Analytics Demographics and interests Report; and Integrated service allowing the collection of data through Google® Analytics by using advertising cookies and anonymous IDs. 

**9.  How Personal Information Is Used.** The Personal Information collected from you will be used to operate the Site and to provide the products or services or carry out the transactions you have requested or authorized.  
In support of these uses, Bluehole may use Personal Information to provide you with more effective service, to improve the Site and any related Bluehole products or services, and to make the Site easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with Bluehole, information collected by the Site may be combined with information collected by Bluehole from other sources.

We may merge Site-visitation data with demographic information, and we may use this information to provide more relevant content. We may combine Site-visitation data with your Personal Information in order to provide you with personalized content.

Bluehole may hire other companies to provide products or services on our behalf, and we may provide such companies with Personal Information to help them perform their duties.  
Bluehole may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Bluehole; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Bluehole or its affiliates; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Bluehole employees or agents, users of Bluehole products or services, or members of the public.

Personal information collected on the Site may be stored and processed in the Republic of Korea or any other state or country in which Bluehole or its affiliates or agents maintain facilities, and by using the Site you consent to any such transfer of information to another state or country.

You will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of the Site, of any Personal Information contained in our database for such site, if Bluehole or one of its companies assigns all of its rights and obligations regarding the use of your Personal Information at the time of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of Bluehole's assets to a subsequent owner or operator, or similar event.

Please do not use your real name or the real name of another person when selecting a username. Please note that your username will be available to the Internet's general public while you participate in some services, like message boards or forums, so you should exercise discretion when using these services. We are not responsible for protecting such information that you may disclose to third parties through our services. 
