> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the publicknowledge.org privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212094828id_/http%3A//www.publicknowledge.org/about/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Public Knowledge - Privacy Policy

Public Knowledge supports initiatives to protect people's privacy rights. We monitor our systems and our networks and collect standard logs of access to them. We use our access logs or the results of our monitoring for purposes of administration, maintenance, or communication development. It is not our policy to use our access logs or the results of our monitoring for any other purpose. Our logs and the results of our monitoring are available only to our administrators, representatives, or agents. Public Knowledge reserves the right to disclose the results of any monitoring or information retrieval to law enforcement authorities if we deem such disclosure to be appropriate.

Our website at www.publicknowledge.org may use "cookies" for the purposes of user convenience to maintain user preferences. Additionally, information provided by users through Public Knowledge's website and action center allows us to tailor information more effectively to users. Such personal information provided by users: names, addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses, other personal information; enables the us to properly cater communication to a user's political representative. This information will only be used to help Public Knowledge communicate with the user and to help the user communicate more effectively with your representatives.

Personal information that has been volunteered to us may also be combined with data from other parties, such as public petitions to policymakers. In such cases, we make this purpose clear to the user. Except as indicated below, we do not and will not undertake such combining for marketing purposes.

When you purchase materials from us through internet transactions, we collect your name, mailing address, contact information and information necessary for processing. Postal mailing addresses provided to us for purchases will be used to fulfill the order. This information may be combined with existing subscriber or purchaser databases.

Our sites contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of these sites. We recommend that users take such steps as they feel appropriate to protect their privacy. The www.publicknowledge.org site takes steps to protect user privacy. However, digital data can, and often is obtained by determined people who do not respect fundamental privacy rights. We do not guarantee protection of user privacy against such individuals or organizations, or against accidental or unintentional disclosures by us. Nor do we guarantee that our privacy practices will not someday change in some material respect.
