> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bossintl.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110924014801id_/http%3A//www.bossintl.com/privacy_policy_statement.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Statement

The privacy practices described in this document (the “Privacy Policy”) apply to Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) that we collect in connection with this website (the “Web Site”). By visiting the Web Site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use or access the Web Site. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and provide you with notice of such change by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Web Site or by other reasonable means selected by us. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "UPDATED" legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised policy on the Web Site. Your continued use of the Web Site after such changes will indicate your acceptance of such changes.

Personally Identifiable Information may be collected by us, disclosed to our licensors, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers and/or third parties (collectively, “Suppliers”), and used by us and our Suppliers as provided herein. This Privacy Policy describes the Personally Identifiable Information we collect about you and how we may use and/or disclose that Personally Identifiable Information. 

Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children: The Web Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personally Identifiable Information through the Web Site. 

PLEASE NOTE: We reserve the right to change, modify or grant exceptions to this Privacy Policy where applicable law permits us to do so. 

1\. Definitions 

"Personally Identifiable Information" (or "PII") is information that identifies you as an individual. We may collect Personally Identifiable Information in a number of ways, but the two most common are during Web Site registration or personalization and product or service registration or enrollment. In some instances, you may visit the Web Site and use some of our services without providing PII to us. The PII requested may vary depending on which product, service or web page you are using or accessing. We typically ask for PII about you, such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone numbers and fax numbers. We may also ask for financial information, such as account or credit card number to verify your user identity and to allow you to pay for any purchases you make. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence or communication, including any PII contained therein. Information on how you communicated with us may also be recorded and can include PII such as your e-mail address, the return e-mail address shown in any e-mail message from you, the return address on any envelope or facsimile number on any facsimile, or the telephone number from which you called. In some cases you will be given or asked to create an ID, and you can create a confidential password to be able to take full advantage of the Web Site’s offerings. 

"Non-Personally Identifiable Information" (or "Non-PII") is aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity. We may collect Non-PII which does not identify you, through "cookies," environmental variables, pixel tags and other technologies, your communications with us and other information you voluntarily provide. Because Non-PII does not personally identify you, we may use such Non-PII for any purpose. For example, we may use Non-PII we collect to get a better understanding of our subscriber base by analyzing on an aggregate basis our users' demographics, interests, and behavior. In addition, we reserve the right to share such Non PII, which does not personally identify you, with third parties, for any purpose. 

2\. Use of PII 

Email Addresses 

We may collect the e-mail addresses of those who voluntarily submit them to us by making postings to our discussion groups, ordering from us online, registering or subscribing to our e-mail offers.

The email addresses and other PII and non-PII we collect may be used to improve the content of the Web Site, customize the content and/or layout of each page for each individual visitor, notify visitors about updates to the Web Site, communicate information or recommend other products or services, analyze/respond to error reports, verify or fulfill purchases, provide authorizations or passwords, or run promotions, surveys or contests, and/or contact visitors for marketing purposes. This information also may be shared with our Suppliers so that they can provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want your PII shared with such third parties for marketing purposes, you may opt-out of such sharing as described in Section 3 below. 

Postal Addresses, Telephone and Fax Numbers 

Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. They also may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you supply us with your postal address you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. This information also may be shared with our Suppliers so that they can provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want your PII shared with such third parties for marketing purposes, you may opt-out of such sharing as described in Section 3 below. Please provide us with your exact name, phone number and address so we can remove you from our house mailing and telemarketing list. 

IP Addresses 

Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). Your IP address, machine name and the serial number (or old serial number) of a product or service you have purchased from us is logged automatically in our server log files when you visit the Site (along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited), when you register for the Web Site and/or when you send us an error report. We use IP addresses, machine names and serial numbers for purposes such as calculating Web Site, product and service usage levels, helping diagnose server, product and service problems, and administering and troubleshooting the Web Site and our products and services. We also may use IP addresses, machine names and serial numbers for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. We also use IP addresses, machine names and serial numbers to help us to identify unregistered or illegal versions of our products and services, and to take appropriate action in connection with the same. Further, we use and disclose IP addresses, machine names and serial numbers for all the purposes set forth in this Section 2. Please note that we treat IP addresses, machine names, serial numbers and related information as Non-PII (and may use and disclose them as we use and disclose Non-PII), except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. 

3\. Opting Out of Use of PII 

If you do not want to receive marketing information from us, or if you would prefer that we do not share PII about you with our Suppliers so that our Suppliers can send you such marketing information, please let us know at the time you provide such information by e-mailing [operations@bossintl.com](mailto:operations@bossintl.com) or writing to us at 4817 Splint Road, Madison, WI 53718, USA and telling us that you do not want to receive marketing information from our company. 

In addition, if you change your mind, and no longer wish to receive marketing information from us on a going-forward basis, or if you would prefer that we do not share PII about you on a going-forward basis with our Suppliers for such Suppliers’ marketing purposes, you may opt-out of receiving such marketing-related information and/or from such sharing by e-mailing[ operations@bossintl.com](mailto:operations@bossintl.com) or writing to us at 4817 Splint Road, Madison, WI 53718, USA and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.

We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove PII about you from the databases or third parties with which we have already shared PII about you (i.e., to which we have already provided PII about you as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from such third parties, please contact such third parties directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms set forth in their respective privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails. 

4\. Partner Services and Linked Sites 

Certain products and services are made available through the Web Site but are provided by partners and/or third parties, either through their own web sites or on web sites that they share with us. When ordering, using or purchasing products or services from these partners, you will be entering into an agreement with that partner, and not with us, and will be providing PII about you to such partner, not to us. In these cases, this Privacy Policy does not apply; instead, the privacy policy of the partner actually providing the goods and services will apply. We urge you to read and understand our partners' policies before entering into agreements with them. 

Also, we may provide links to a partner's or an advertiser's site, or to other sites from the Web Site. These linked sites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on our Web Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us. If you provide any PII through any such third party web site, your transaction will occur on such third party's web site (not the Web Site) and the PII you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. 

If you have questions about our partners' privacy policies or the privacy policies of these other sites, we encourage you to contact them directly. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES. 

5\. Forums 

We and/or our Suppliers may make available through the Web Site services (for example, public forums, chat rooms, message boards, and/or news groups, among other services) to which you are able to post information and materials. If you visit such a service on our Web Site, please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and may be available to visitors to the Web Site and to the general public. In addition, when you choose to make a posting on such services, certain PII (for example, your user name), will be available for other users to view. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose PII about you, or any other information, on the Site. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF ANY PII YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH THE WEB SITE.   

