> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the coldstonecreamery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231222218id_/http%3A//www.coldstonecreamery.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## COLD STONE CREAMERY'S PRIVACY POLICY

COLD STONE CREAMERY (also referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we," "us" and "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and security online. We strive to do everything we can to respect the trust customers have in our brand and our commitment to your privacy is no exception. We are committed to protecting and safeguarding the privacy of visitors to this website.

Please carefully read this Privacy Policy so that you will fully understand how your personal information will be treated as you use the coldstonecreamery.com website. This Privacy Policy outlines our personal information handling practices.

By providing COLD STONE CREAMERY with your personal information, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted here, which may be amended from time to time as provided below in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any personal information. However, if you choose not to provide your personal information, you may not be able to, among other things, access particular areas of our website, access and use the My Cold Stone Rewards program ("Reward Card"), My Cold Stone Club ("Email Club"), order certificates, obtain franchise information, enter contests, request samples, or send us e-mail.

##  What kind of personally identifiable information do we collect, and who is collecting it?

COLD STONE CREAMERY gathers personal information when voluntarily submitted by you. Additionally, vendors, affiliates, or other companies with whom we may have a relationship may also collect information about you through your use of the Cold Stone Creamery website or the websites of its vendors, affiliates or others. Certain information may also be collected by us if you request information from COLD STONE CREAMERY or wish to share an experience you had at one of our franchise stores. We will ask for personal information such as your name, address, and email address, as well as store address and any other information you may wish to share, so that we can best respond to your comments. This information will help us to better customize The Ultimate Ice Cream Experience® at COLD STONE CREAMERY. Additionally, if you contact COLD STONE CREAMERY, we may keep a record of that correspondence.

When you access certain areas of the COLD STONE CREAMERY website, such as when you create an Email Club and/or Reward Card account or purchase gift cards, we will ask you for your registration or log in information. Such information can include your name, email address, age, date of birth, residence or billing addresses, product and service preferences, and credit card information (for online purchases). Other areas of the COLD STONE CREAMERY website may include requests for information from prospective franchisees and vendors. These areas can include requests not only for the above type of information, but also requests for certain financial, credit and other sensitive personal information deemed necessary to evaluate your potential as a franchisee or vendor.

From time to time we and/or our partners will offer information for prospective franchisees, sponsor contests, sweepstakes, and special services, such as online cake ordering, that will require more information. COLD STONE CREAMERY partners or websites that have links on our website may collect personal information about you. Please be aware that the information collected by these partners or websites is not covered under this Privacy Policy.

As part of customizing and personalizing the services available to you, COLD STONE CREAMERY and its vendors, affiliates, partners and others with whom COLD STONE CREAMERY has a relationship uses cookies, including, without limitation, Google DoubleClick cookies and web beacons (also known as web bugs and 1x1 pixels) to learn, collect, track and store information about you and your use of the Internet and certain websites and to deliver graphic images on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. A cookie is a small amount of information that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. The cookie is used solely to help your browser process a website-it doesn't collect information from your computer or snoop through your files. There are two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are created temporarily in your browser's subfolder while you are visiting a website. Once you leave the website, the session cookie is deleted. Persistent cookies remain in your browser's subfolder and are re-activated once you visit the website that created the cookie. The cookie stores information and assists in the provision of certain functions, such as remembering log-in information and other customized functions. For example, cookies may enable certain features when you visit our website. We also use cookies to track your use and the number of entries in our promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. Cookies also help us, without limitation, to estimate the size of our audience, to measure traffic patterns, to target advertising and to determine usage of our website and the websites of our affiliates and vendors. A web beacon allows the website to record the simple actions of the user opening the page that contains the beacon. When a user's browser requests information from a website in this way certain simple information can also be gathered, such as: the IP address of your computer; time the material was viewed; the type of browser that retrieved the image; and the existence of cookies previously set by that server. This is information that is available to any web server you visit. Web beacons do not give any "extra" information away. Our affiliates, partners and vendors may also use their own cookies and web beacons. Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of our website. You may not be able to opt out of receiving certain web beacons. For more information about cookies and web beacons you may visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org; http://google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html and http://www.teracent.com/about-us/privacy-policy/.

COLD STONE CREAMERY may also collect certain aggregate information about you and your use of our website whenever you visit, such as various forms of "click stream" information including URLs or domains, site traffic statistics and origination information, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser types. In addition, COLD STONE CREAMERY servers automatically log your IP address when you request pages on our website. This aggregate information generally will not personally identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes. COLD STONE CREAMERY may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all of the aggregate information, provided that, such information does not personally identify you, and the aggregate information will not be used by other companies to contact you.

##  How do we use the information we get, and with whom may it be shared?

COLD STONE CREAMERY collects information in order to provide our users with personalized and customized service. We will often use the information we collect to notify you of important functionality changes to our website, new services, and special offers or contests that we think you'll find valuable. COLD STONE CREAMERY researches our user demographics and interests based upon the information that you provide. We do this to better customize your experience, The Ultimate Ice Cream Experience®, and we may share this research with our affiliates, vendors and partners.

COLD STONE CREAMERY may share personal information within the COLD STONE CREAMERY family, including parent, subsidiary and affiliate entities and our franchisees. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount coupons and information about new product offerings. Further, we will, on occasion, send marketing information on behalf of one of our business partners about products or services they provide that may be of interest to you.

Contests and promotions may be sponsored by companies other than COLD STONE CREAMERY or may be co-sponsored by COLD STONE CREAMERY and one of our partners. Our promotions, contests, and sweepstakes may often request additional information from entrants. Some of the data collected may be shared with that partner or sponsor. When you request information, you give COLD STONE CREAMERY the permission to transfer your information to the sponsor so that they may answer your request. If you have more than one COLD STONE CREAMERY account, make sure you change your preferences for each account or email address you have registered with us.

Companies may be engaged by COLD STONE CREAMERY to perform a variety of functions, such as, fulfilling orders, assisting with promotions or providing technical services for our websites. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions and to improve the services that they provide. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing such functions and improving services.

Further, the information collected through our website and the websites of our affiliates, vendors and partners is considered a trade secret of COLD STONE CREAMERY. As the owner of such information, we may disclose or sell such information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale to a third party of our company or a portion of our assets.

COLD STONE CREAMERY reserves the right to use or disclose any information when we have your permission or without your prior permission in special circumstances, such as when we have a good faith believe that such disclosure is necessary to comply with legal requirements, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the website, to fulfill your requests, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety, or to respond to claims that any files or data violate the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property or personal safety of COLD STONE CREAMERY, its users, or the public. For example, COLD STONE CREAMERY will make such disclosures necessary under the reporting procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (see the Terms of Use).

Information provided to Cold Stone Creamery may not be deleted in its entirety from our system and may be maintained in an archive. Some information may re-populate certain form fields if you re-subscribe to receive services in the future.

##  Choice/Opt-Out

Our website provides users the opportunity to choose how information you provide to us can be used by COLD STONE CREAMERY. If you are getting promotional email from us and would like to be removed from our list, simply click the link at the bottom of any email you receive to unsubscribe. You can opt in to receive emails from us by completing our online registration form. For the Email Club, you can opt out of receiving emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe link on any Email Club email. For the Reward Card, you can opt out of receiving emails from us by unselecting that option in your Reward Card account registration.

##  How does COLD STONE CREAMERY protect your information?

When you submit any files, information, or access your account, COLD STONE CREAMERY uses a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all the information that you provide before it is sent to us. Additionally, we take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to all of your data.

Unfortunately, no data transmission can ever be 100% secure. While we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the personal information that your transmit. You transmit such information at your own risk. Once we receive such information we will use our best efforts to maintain security on our system.

##  How do we address the privacy of children?

COLD STONE CREAMERY is committed to protecting the online privacy of children and making the Internet safe for our users. For this reason, COLD STONE CREAMERY does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children 12 years old and younger may visit the COLD STONE CREAMERY website under the supervision of a parent or guardian without disclosing any personally identifiable information. However, it is sometimes necessary to collect some personally identifiable information about children in order to allow them to use some features of our website (like joining Email Club). Only a parent or guardian may register a child 12 years of age or younger for the Email Club. When a parent registers a child for the Email Club, we request the child's name, date of birth, gender, address and parent's e-mail address. We collect this information in order to verify the child's age, send personalized Email Club e-greetings, and provide special offers to Email Club members. Parents may, at any time, review the information they have provided about their children or delete that information from our databases by clicking the "Update Your Information" link. We encourage parents of children under the age of 13 to regularly check and monitor their children's use of email and other activities online. Reward Card membership, please refer to the Reward Card Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, which shall also apply. In the event of any conflict, the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy shall apply.

##  When do we make changes to our Privacy Statement?

From time to time, it may be necessary for COLD STONE CREAMERY to change this Privacy Policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically.

##  Does COLD STONE CREAMERY allow customers to update or change their personally identifiable information?

Users of the COLD STONE CREAMERY website may, at any time, review the personally identifiable information they have provided about themselves (and their family members) and make changes to that information via their My Cold Stone Account page. Users can also request that their Email Club account be inactivated via the My Cold Stone Account page. We welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please send an email to mycoldstoneclub@kahalamgmt.com for Email Club questions, to mycoldstonerewards@kahalamgmt.com for Reward Card questions and to [customerservice@kahalamgmt.com](mailto:customerservice@kahalamgmt.com) for general questions, or contact us at:

Cold Stone Creamery  
9311 E. Via de Ventura  
Scottsdale, AZ 85258  
480-362-4800 phone  
480-362-4812 fax
