> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the colehaan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181227004311id_/https%3A//www.colehaan.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cole Haan - Privacy Policy

This policy was last updated on November 8, 2018.

Cole Haan is committed to respecting the privacy rights of the visitors to our website. Below describes our privacy policy.

What personal information about customers does Cole Haan collect? 

e information we learn from customers helps us to better serve you as a customer. Cole Haan collects the following types of information.

**Information you give us:** We receive information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. Most of such information is provided by you when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with our customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product on our website; place an order through colehaan.com or through any other online store operated by us; provide information by registering on our website; follow us on or post on social media, communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide and rate reviews; post on social media. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, email address, user name, password, birthday and phone numbers; credit card information; information of people to whom your purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number.

**Automatic information:** We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use cookies and pixel tags and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses colehaan.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Cole Haan on other websites. Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet; device and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform. We also use browser data generated by cookies, pixel tags, asynchronous HTTPS requests, or similar means to understand how you are using the site by collecting and measuring session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse movement). We also collect some of the above information to help us identify fraud and for diagnostic purposes.

**Mobile App:** When you download or use our Cole Haan native iPhone or Android app, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.

**E-mail Communications:** Cole Haan may also use email addresses to contact visitors who communicate with us. For example, we send email to visitors who provide us with their email addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our email newsletters or being notified if they have won one of our contests. Each email newsletter always contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt of the emails from Cole Haan. However, if a visitor at any time chooses to no longer receive such information and opt-out from any future mailings, they should simply reply to any Cole Haan e-mail sent to them and type UNSUBSCRIBE as the subject of their reply, or change their email marketing preferences in their Colehaan.com account if registered. We also use your email address for transactional purposes so that we can fulfil your order.

**Information from Other Sources:** We might receive information about you from other sources. Examples of information we receive from other sources include personal information you have provide to third parties and for which you have given permission to transfer to third parties.

Registering and shopping on our website.

When you register or shop on our website, we need you to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, day-time phone number and payment information (when ordering products only), as well as create a username and password. This allows us to keep a user profile so that we may customize preferences for each specific user, as well as provide a faster method for users to submit information to Cole Haan, and receive back either the information or products desired. We may also use the information we collect during the registration process to notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new Cole Haan services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. When you register, we also allow you the choice whether or not to submit your date of birth, and gender. This kind of information allows us to better know our visitors and possibly tailor any specific features, promotions, advertisements, or other notifications to you.

Visitors will also be given a choice when registering whether they would like to be on Cole Haan's mailing list, or whether they would prefer to opt-out and not receive such mailings from Cole Haan.

Our website also contains an unregistered shopping feature whereby visitors who desire to purchase products can elect not to register. Those who elect to purchase products without registering will be asked only for information necessary to process the transaction.

Does Cole Haan use "cookies"?

As mentioned earlier, yes we do. Cookies are small files that a site or its service providers transfer to your device through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. 

How does Cole Haan protect visitor information?

Cole Haan implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Personal information is collected via a secure protocol (HTTPS), and contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people who have special access rights to such systems. When you place orders or access your personal information, we use a secure server. All payment information supplied by users is transmitted and stored via industry standard technology and will only be accessed as stated above. When you elect to store your credit card, your credit card number is not stored. It is tokenized and encrypted and used only to complete the transaction. It is also important that you protect yourself against unauthorized access to your passwords and to your devices. If you choose to use a shared device make sure you sign off when finished using such shared device.

Does Cole Haan share the information we collect from our visitors to outside parties?

Cole Haan does not sell your personally identifiable information to outside parties unless we provide you with advance notice. We do share information as described below.

**Third-Party Service Providers:** We use other companies and individuals to perform certain services on behalf of Cole Haan. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, managing customer databases, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to the personal information that is needed to perform their functions. They are not allowed not use it for other purposes, nor share with other third parties who are not contractual partners of Cole Haan.

**Protection of Cole Haan and others:** We disclose account and other personal information when we need to comply with the law; enforce or apply our [Terms of Use](https://www.colehaan.com/terms-of-use.html) or other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Cole Haan, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

**With Your Consent:** Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

How does a visitor opt-out, remove, or modify information they have provided to Cole Haan?

After gathering any user information, Cole Haan offers users the opportunity to remove their information from our databases so as not to receive future communications or to no longer interact with the website until they later choose to by e-mailing [customerservice@colehaan.com](mailto:customerservice@colehaan.com.) and asking that their information be removed from our database. Cole Haan additionally provides users the opportunity to update and modify any information they have previously provided by e-mailing us at [customerservice@colehaan.com](mailto:customerservice@colehaan.com.) and asking to update and/or modify the information previously provided.

Third party links

In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Cole Haan may choose various third party websites to link to from our own website. However, Cole Haan has no control over these linked websites which each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Cole Haan. Cole Haan has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. These linked websites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and the links placed upon it and therefore we request feedback on not only our own website, but for websites we link to as well (including if a specific link does not work).

Terms of Use, notices and revisions.

If you choose to visit colehaan.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](https://www.colehaan.com/terms-of-use.html). CCole Haan also welcomes your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to this, or any other issue. Our Privacy Policy and the [Terms of Use](https://www.colehaan.com/terms-of-use.html) may change in the future. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you. If you are a California resident, you are entitled to know once a year what information, if any, we shared with outside parties and for what purposes. Please request this information by contacting us at[customerservice@colehaan.com.](mailto:customerservice@colehaan.com.)

International Users

We collect, process and maintain your information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. If you are using this website from outside of the United States, by providing personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of the information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this policy.

Protecting Children's Privacy.

This site is not intended for the use of children under the age of 13. Cole Haan does not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from any children under 13 years of age except as permitted by law.

**Contact Information**

This website is operated by  
Cole Haan LLC  
150 Ocean Road  
Greenland, New Hampshire 03840
