> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the collegepartyhouse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090622070247id_/http%3A//collegepartyhouse.com/%3Fctr%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# College Party House - College: College Party House : College Girls : College Parties : College Humor

CollegePartyHouse.com is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. The following statement details our ongoing support for the responsible collection and management of Internet user information. Internet User Information When we deliver an ad to you, we do not collect any personal identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. CollegePartyHouse.com does, like other Internet advertisers, collect certain information which can not personally identify you. This category of information is generally referred to as non-personally-identifiable information includes information like the server or internet service provider you use, type of browser used. There are some cases where you, the Internet user, may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a particular ad (a survey or purchase order form). In such cases the third party advertising with Babesnbrawls.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser. The advertiser in turn uses this information to reply to your request. Furthermore, CollegePartyHouse.com does not divulge any information regarding the users who use email for correspondence with the webmaster or any representative of CollegePartyHouse.com. CollegePartyHouse.com never sells any information, such as email address, to any third parties. USE COMMON SENSE IN ALL YOUR ONLINE ACTIVITIES Even the best policy can't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances. Unscrupulous advertisers, hackers, and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets. Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities. Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication. Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages, including online greetings. Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board, your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail (also known as spam). Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so. Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name, password, or credit card information. Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information. Always monitor your children's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use. For more information, click here for the Internet Education Foundation's Online Safety Guide for Kids. 
