> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the collegeinfousa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130330184249id_/http%3A//collegeinfousa.com/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**What This Privacy Policy Covers**  
This privacy policy covers how CollegeInfoUSA.com treats personal information that CollegeInfoUSA.com collects and receives. Personal information is information you provide about yourself that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, email address, or phone number and that is not otherwise publicly available. This privacy policy does not apply to the practices or the content of websites of companies that CollegeInfoUSA.com links to, does not own or control, or to people that CollegeInfoUSA.com does not employ or manage.

**Information We Collect**  
In order to ensure that consumers get the very best service, CollegeInfoUSA.com collects demographic information, web pages visited and other consumer-volunteered information from sources such as forms, and/or site registrations. CollegeInfoUSA.com' s request forms may require users to give us information such as your name, address, phone number, academic background, e-mail address, date of birth, highest level of education completed, military status, employment status and your desired area of study. This information gathering procedure allows CollegeInfoUSA.com to match you with a school or partner that we feel is best able to fulfill your request. This information also helps CollegeInfoUSA.com in the development or referral of products and services that we believe will meet the continuing needs of our customers. Collected information is used to improve the content of our website, customize the content and/or layout of our website for individual users. Information collected may be used to contact users for marketing purposes as well as route requests to our network of participated schools that offer degree programs, certifications courses, career training and marketing partners that offer similar services. Should you request information from a school(s), such information will be distributed to our the schools participating in our marketing program or marketing partners to allow them to supply you with additional information pertaining to your higher learning needs.

**Children's Guidelines**  
Although this site is intended for the use of adults, and is not of likely interest to children, the forms on this site are capable of collecting online contact information from children who furnish it without prior parental consent or parental notification. Upon discovery that any such information may be supplied by children, such information shall be disregarded and deleted.

**Personalization**  
CollegeInfoUSA.com offers its users the advantage of personalization on our Web site by using cookies. Web site personalization provides our customers with a more convenient online experience and is at no given time used to track information or retrieve data from your hard drive.

**Cookies**  
Cookies are pieces of information that a web server may transfer to your computer through your web browser. When this information is stored on your computer, our system is able to recognize your browser and in turn customize web page content for you. We will not use any cookies to retrieve data from your hard drive or obtain sensitive information about you. When a cookie is set, your browser will check it for length, an expiration date, and where it originated. Only CollegeInfoUSA.com can access the cookies that we set. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain online services or website features on CollegeInfoUSA.com.

**Security**  
CollegeInfoUSA.com understands the importance of security for our consumers. When applicable, we use the latest SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology to protect sensitive personal or financial information during transmission. This allows your personal information to be submitted in a secure environment while reaching the intended parties. An SSL-capable web browser is needed to support this encryption technology. Netscape Navigator 4.6 or higher, Microsoft's Internet Explorer 4.01, Firefox, Safari or higher will support SSL technology.

**Information We Share With Others**  
CollegeInfoUSA.com may decide to share your personal information with trusted marketing partners who work on behalf of or with CollegeInfoUSA.com under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help CollegeInfoUSA.com communicate with you about offers from CollegeInfoUSA.com or to inform you about their products and services. (See below if you prefer that we not share this information). Occasionally, when CollegeInfoUSA.com is not able to directly fulfill your request, we may forward your request for information to another reputable marketing partner or school. In such a case, you will become subject to the security and privacy policies that are posted on the associated website and if you wish to do so, you will have to opt out of disclosure through the associated website. In those cases where CollegeInfoUSA.com decides to share your information with marketing partners, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. CollegeInfoUSA.com also responds to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, violations of CollegeInfoUSA.com terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

**Ownership of the Information**  
Once it is received in the CollegeInfoUSA.com database, all request form information, including your name, e-mail address, home address, financial and credit information becomes the property of CollegeInfoUSA.com. This information is passed on to participating schools and/or fulfillment partners and affiliates for the execution of the order, service or request. Once one of these entities receives this information, it becomes subject to their respective privacy policy, in addition to CollegeInfoUSA.com's privacy policy. Our partners use this information to process your order and offer valuable services. If you opt out on our website we will not provide your information to partners. If you do not opt out on our website, any requests to opt out of future partner communications must be made directly to the Partner.

**Third Party Partner Privacy Policies**  
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to schools or other parties that you are placed in contact with through our site or other sites throughout the Internet, different privacy policies may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Since CollegeInfoUSA.com does not control the privacy policies of third parties or partners, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party or partner and we encourage you to read their privacy policies or ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.

**Your Acceptance of These Terms**  
By using this site and providing us with your information, you agree to the CollegeInfoUSA.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page frequently for changes. Your continued use of the CollegeInfoUSA.com site means you accept those changes. You can e-mail us with any further questions you may have.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page frequently for changes. Your continued use of the CollegeInfoUSA.com site means you accept those changes. You can e-mail us with any further questions you may have.

**How to Request Opt Out**  
Many customers appreciate receiving information and offers about products and services that may be of interest and value to them. However, at CollegeInfoUSA.com, we recognize that it's your choice. If you prefer that we not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to any nonaffiliated third parties, you may opt out of those disclosures, that is, you may direct us not to make those disclosures (other than disclosures permitted by law). If you do not want us to share any information that you have provided to us or that we have gathered, please let us know by e-mailing us. Please include your name, address, and other identification information and any other applicable information. Your request will apply to any of the information we have obtained in any transaction, such as your request forms. If you have any other questions or concerns regarding your privacy at CollegeInfoUSA.com or wish to opt out of disclosure of your information, you may email our customer service department at info(at)actionbasedmedia.com. It may take 10 days from the time we receive your request to opt out to remove you from our database. Please be aware that you may still receive offers during while your request is being processed. 
