> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the collegeprowler.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121225152527id_/https%3A//collegeprowler.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - College Prowler

This privacy policy applies to all of the College Prowler, Inc. ("College Prowler") websites, scholarship listings, mobile features and applications including (collegeprowler.com), (ovrlap.com) and the College Prowler applications and pages on Facebook (the "College Prowler Services"). This policy does not cover information collected on any third-party sites to which the College Prowler Services link. Your use of the College Prowler Services is subject to our Terms and Conditions which can be read [here](https://web.archive.org/terms/). If you access the College Prowler Services through Facebook, you may be required to read and accept the Facebook terms of service and privacy policy.

## How does College Prowler use information supplied by me?

 **Information collected from users of premium content:** If you choose to subscribe to certain College Prowler Services you may be asked to supply certain personally identifying information such as name, postal address, email address or telephone number. This information is retained by College Prowler in order to provide you with the products or services you have requested, including additional information from College Prowler about College Prowler, its affiliates, or selected outside companies whose products or services we feel may be of use to you. Any information from selected outside companies will be transmitted by College Prowler so that such companies will not have access either to your E-mail address or to your other personally identifying information.

 **Information collected from College Prowler scholarship applicants:** When submitting an application for the scholarship contest, applicants may opt-in to receive student related offers from College Prowler and our trusted business partners. The choice is entirely optional and has no impact on the applicant's submission to the scholarship contest. If a scholarship applicant indicates an interest in receiving offers from College Prowler and its trusted business partners, College Prowler reserves the right to use your personal information and may sell or share it with selected outside companies. If you express interest in particular schools or affiliates, College Prowler may sell or transfer your personal information to those schools or affiliates accordingly.

 **Information collected from College Prowler account registrants:** Information collected in the registration process may include, among other things, name, address, e-mail address, phone number, age, citizenship, details of academic and work history, preferences about the students future and other information entered into the student account. All information entered is voluntary and it is solely up to the student whether he or she furnishes such information. If a student does provide such information, he or she is consenting to the use of that information in accordance with the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you express interest in particular schools or affiliates, College Prowler may sell or transfer your personal information to those schools or affiliates accordingly. Visitors to the College Prowler Services will not be able to view the personal contact information of any College Prowler Services users. Personal contact information includes a user’s full name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. Only the account user is able to edit and update the information provided in his or her account. We may, on occasion, email our users to send notifications related to features on the site. It is our intention to give access to your account only to the authorized Representatives you designate but we cannot guarantee that others will not, without our consent, access this data. You may opt out of any future usage of your College Prowler account from our database at any time; however, a Representative may have saved a copy of your account before it was deleted. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of accounts in this situation.

 **Information collected from users of Ovrlap and other College Prowler Apps:** When you use and install a College Prowler application on Facebook, you allow College Prowler to access certain information from your Facebook profile to establish your profile within the application. The information you allow the College Prowler application to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish at Facebook. As allowed by you based upon your Facebook settings, the College Prowler application will access and store for caching purposes only the following information from your Facebook profile:

  * Your name
  * Your current city and hometown
  * Your work history and education
  * Your current profile picture
  * Your email address
  * Your connections and their work history, education and profile picture



You can control how much of your Facebook profile information is shared with other College Prowler application users using the Settings function with the application. Regardless of these settings your College Prowler application profile information will be automatically shared with your Facebook friends and their friends within the application. We will prompt you before posting any College Prowler application activity onto Facebook.

Users who wish to deactivate their profiles may do so at any time using the Settings function.

 **Information collected automatically:** When you visit and interact with College Prowler Services certain information may be collected automatically, including but not limited to, your computer's IP address, your browser type, and web pages visited. Please also see our discussion of the use of cookies and other technologies below.

 **Information sharing:** The information that you provide to us and general information collected about your visit to the College Prowler Services may be shared with our suppliers or service providers who assist us in maintaining and managing the College Prowler Services. In addition, we contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize our web sites. These companies may use web beacons and cookies to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Such suppliers or service providers may use the information provided only in the course of providing services to College Prowler and they may not contact you or use the information for other purposes. If you would like more information about this practice, you can e-mail[ support@collegeprowler.com](mailto:support@collegeprowler.com).

While your individual information is protected as discussed above, College Prowler reserves the right to use such individual information to create aggregated, anonymous data and statistics about activity on the College Prowler Services. In addition, College Prowler may disclose personal information if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Web site; or (4) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of our users or the public.

If, at some point after giving College Prowler your personally identifying information, you do not wish to continue to receive additional information from College Prowler about College Prowler, its affiliates, or selected outside companies, in general, you may opt out by E-mailing[ support@collegeprowler.com](mailto:support@collegeprowler.com) and put the words "remove my name" in the subject line of your E-mail; in the case of our E-mail newsletters, you may opt out by clicking on the "opt out" link at the end of each E-mail.

## What are "cookies" and "pixel tags" and how do you use them?

Cookies are pieces of information that are placed by a Web site in a storage place on your computer. Cookies do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying. Cookies are placed on your computer in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to calculate unique site visitors, and to track usage throughout our site. Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for users of the College Prowler Services.

We participate in cookie based advertising networks. These networks may use cookies to collect anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not permit these companies to collect any personally identifying information (name, address, email address or telephone number) about you. Click these links to learn more about business practices and privacy policies of these companies, including how to decline participation in these programs.[ http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html); and[ http://www.tynt.com/support/opt-inout](http://www.tynt.com/support/opt-inout).

Pixel tags - tiny graphic images – are used to help us analyze your online behavior. Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. We may use pixel tags to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and services. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring web site addresses.

College Prowler Services uses ClickTale web analytics service. ClickTale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as text you type. College Prowler Services does not use ClickTale to collect any personally identifiable information. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use ClickTale services. For more information see[ Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the ClickTale Web Analytics Service](http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx). We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to help improve the functionality and usability of the College Prowler Services. You can choose to disable the Service at[ http://www.clicktale.net/](http://www.clicktale.net/) disable.html.

## Children's Online Privacy Protection Act

No one under the age of 13 should provide any personal information. College Prowler does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe College Prowler Services has any information about anyone under 13, please contact us at[ support@collegeprowler.com](mailto:support@collegeprowler.com).
