> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the collegevine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140829182915id_/http%3A//collegevine.com/terms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

UTLlife.com is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable web experience possible. Because UTLife is a community oriented site we ask that you provide us with some information about yourself. 

## How we collect and use personal information

Registering for membership on UTLife.com gives you access to all the site's information and features. The only information required is your name, e-mail address, major, and year. We occasionally will send e-mails to notify you about important changes to the site, new services, and special offers from us. In addition to receiving e-mail announcements UTLife.com tracks some information about when and where you log in. This information will only be referenced by UTLife.com administration for statistics and security purposes. 

## What we provide to third parties

While UTLife.com does not provide any third-party access to your personal information except to facilitate your own attempts to register with our partners or receive offers from select partners, we may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands of of visits to our Web site each month, but it does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information. UTLife.com uses a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our sites. We strive to keep these advertisements at a minimum so we can cover our costs and still provide you with great services. 

## Obtaining your consent

By using our Web site, you give UTLife.com permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at UTLife.com, you authorize UTLife.com to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. As a registered member, you give UTLife.com and our agents permission to send you e-mails. If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address, or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law. 

Some sections of UTLife.com require that you make your name and email address available to other UTLife.com users. These sections will be noted. By utilizing such services you authorize UTLife.com to display your name and email address to other members. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. UTLife.com reserves the right to change the privacy policy at any time without notification. 

## Third Party Data

All efforts have been made to make note of any data not generated explicitly by UTLife.com. Though UTLife.com has been assured that all data is accurate UTLife.com can not guaranty accuracy of data generated by third party groups. 

## Schedule Builder

Your schedules will be securely saved on our server. Only by your request will we share your schedule with others. 

## Grade Histories & Reviews

UTLife.com allows you to browse professor grade histories and reviews posted by other UTLife.com students. All grade data is provided by The University of Texas through the freedom of information act. Our grade composites are calculated by weighting more recent semesters more heavily then past semesters. UTLife.com does not believe in censoring the student voice. We do ask that you keep all reviews meaningful. If we believe you are abusing your privilege to post reviews on UTLife.com we will remove your reviews and may ban you from the UTLife.com community. 

## Book Swap

UTLife.com strives to insure that all UTLife.com users are University of Texas Students interested in preserving a positive UTLife.com community. We however can not insure that all Book Swap ads are legitimate. If you have reason to believe that any Book Swap ads are fraudulent we ask that you contact us at collegevine@gmail.com. UTLife.com is not responsible for insuring the integrity of each Book Swap Ad. We also can not be responsible for any transactions make between you and any any other user when selling or purchasing a book. We ask that you do the following to help protect yourself and your pocketbook. 

## Saftey First

When trading books we ask that you meet in a crowded public place. Do not provide the individual you are trading with personal information that exceeds your name and email address. 

## Transactions

Make sure that you see the book you are purchasing before you provide the seller with money. As a seller you should verify the purchaser's intent of payment before providing the purchaser with your book. Book Swap is for selling Textbooks and Course Packets related to books UT Students require for their classes. All ads that do not fit the UTLife.com Book Swap requirements are subject to removal. 

## Site Removal

UTLife.com reserves the right to remove you from the UTLife.com system at any time and for any reason. We reserve this right to protect our users from individuals who are disruptive to the UTLife.com community. 

## Tell us what you think

UTLife.com welcomes your questions and comments about our privacy policy. Please send e-mail to collegevine@gmail.com. 

  

