> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the collegerecruiter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629044041id_/http%3A//www.collegerecruiter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CollegeRecruiter.com

Visitors to this and other websites owned or powered by CollegeRecruiter.com, LLC can engage in a variety of activities such as post a resume, apply to a job, request information about continuing your education, request scholarship information, participate in surveys, enter contests, order products and/or services, and more. Job boards such as we operate cannot be well used by their visitors unless those visitors choose to provide information about themselves to us and the third party organizations that use our site to help them offer employment, educational, and other opportunities to our visitors.

You may provide us with personally identifiable information that can directly identify you or indicate where you may be contacted during these activities. The information may include your name, address, age, date of birth, gender, class, email address, telephone number, credit card information, hobbies, interests, and more. Sometimes visitors provide similar information about others. We also collect generic information that does not identify you personally such as the type of browser and in which city you're located.

Except as otherwise provided, we reserve the right to use and disclose any information that you provide via this website (regardless of whether such information is provided by you actively, passively, directly, or indirectly) for any purpose that we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary or proper. That said, it is our practice to limit the collection of information to what is necessary to administer our business and to deliver superior products and services to you, and to use and disclose the information collected in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it is gathered. For example, if you apply to a job or request information about continuing your education, we may send the information you provide to the third party organization (the employer or school) which is of interest to you. Or we may, for example, share your information in order to send to you information about a product, service, or opportunity available either through Adguide Publications, Inc. or a third party organization. You may opt out of receiving such information from us under the procedures set forth below.

This website also contains links to websites operated by third parties. We have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by them.

When we share information with third party organizations, we request to the extent we deem practical that they protect your information in a manner that is consistent with our privacy policy. We cannot, however, guarantee that they will do so.

We also use non-personally identifiable information to improve our site and your Internet experience. Many of our web pages use text files called "cookies." These are placed on your hard disk by our web server to store your preferences. Some of the cookies are placed by our site and others by third parties which advertise on our website. Our cookies do not reveal to us your personally identifiable information. However, if you choose to provide personally identifiable information to us, then that information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. Many websites, including ours, use cookies to save their visitors time and to improve the experience of those visitors on the sites they visit. You may choose to have your browser reject some or all cookies. This policy does not cover how the third parties use their cookies.

Like most commercial websites, our site collects information about our visitors including how they came to our site, what browsers they use, what pages they visit, how long they spend on the site, from which pages they left our site, and to which sites they went to when they left our site. We use this information to improve our site and may share it with third party organizations.

In order to better understand the people using our sites, we may supplement the information you provide to us with information from third party organizations. For example, you may accidentally provide to us an invalid zip code. We may correct that information with zip code information that we obtain from a third party.

Some of the advertising appearing on our sites is served by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. Some of their advertising is [ interest-based](https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=100557).

Some of the job seekers using our site use services provided by third parties, including but not limited to job match alerts delivered by [Job Rooster](http://www.jobrooster.com/corporate/privacy-policy/). Your use of any such third party site means you accept their privacy policy and any changes they may make to it.

Any information that you post to content pages such as the blogs, our resume bank, or other pages on our site may become available to third parties. We may use that information for a variety of purposes including promoting the products we offer. Any information posted online should always be considered as being publicly posted so that information may be re-posted elsewhere without your knowledge or consent.

We have put in place physical, electronic, and other procedures to help keep your information safe and prevent unauthorized access. No security system is 100 percent safe from security breaches. We cannot guaranty the security of the information collected on this website or information that you otherwise provide to us. By using this website, you agree that you, and not us, bear the risk of any use or misuse of information about you due to a security breach. Please note that credit card information submitted via this website is processed by a third party provider. Further, when your information is provided to third party organizations their procedures will determine the safety of your data. We cannot guarantee that they will keep your data as safe as you would want them to.

Our web servers and other operations are located in the United States of America. Visitors from other countries authorize the export of personal information to the USA, the storage of that information in the United States, and the use of that information in the United States and other countries. This policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of the State of Minnesota and the United States, regardless of your location. The venue for any claims or complaints shall be in the United States in the State of Minnesota.

We do not knowingly accept personal information from anyone under 13 years old in violation of applicable laws. This site is designed to be used by those who are at least 13 years of age and should not be used by those who are under 13 years old. We do not sell products or services for purchase by children and all products and services we sell are for purchase by adults only, or with adult permission.

We consider the information you provide to be an asset of our company. As such, we may include your information in the sale of any of its assets to any third party in the event of a merger, acquisition, or other transaction.

You have the right to opt-out of receiving future communications from us. If you do not wish to receive future communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe or removal instructions in the communications.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF THE INFORMATION COLLECTED AS A RESULT OF YOUR ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO US EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

As is the case with all organizations, our business needs and policies evolve and change over time. We therefore reserve the discretion and right to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time and such changes will retroactively apply to your information. Your use of this site means you accept this policy and any changes we may make to it.
