> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the colubris.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101112223625id_/http%3A//welcome.hp.com/country/us/en/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HP Online privacy statement

To serve you better and understand your needs and interests, HP collects, exports, and uses personal information with adequate notice and consent, along with required filings with data protection authorities, when applicable. For example, when you order products or services, apply for instant credit, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself or your HP products, enter contests or participate in surveys, or apply for a job at HP, we will ask you to provide personal information to complete these transactions. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address; financial information such as your credit card number; and other unique information such as user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data. If you apply for instant credit, we will ask you to provide additional sensitive personal information such as salary, Social Security number and banking information. This information will be used by our financial services providers in determining whether to extend you credit. 

If you choose to use a tell-a-friend program on our site, we will ask you for your friend’s e-mail address or mobile phone number and automatically send your friend a one-time message inviting your friend to visit the site. HP uses and stores this information only for the purpose of sending this one-time message and to provide tell-a-friend message blocking, where available.

If you post, comment or share personal information, including photographs, to any public forum on an HP site, social network, blog, or other such forum, please be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes that neither you nor HP have control over. HP is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.

In addition to the information you provide, HP may also collect information during your visit to an HP website, or a website “powered by” another company on behalf of HP, through our Automatic Data Collection Tools, which include Web beacons, cookies, embedded Web links, and other information-gathering tools. These tools collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website, such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived . They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, click stream behavior (i.e. the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with HP websites or “powered by” websites) and product information. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers use IP addresses to communicate on the Internet, allowing users to browse and shop. HP may also use some of these Automatic Data Collection Tools in connection with certain emails sent from HP and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email. To learn more, read [How HP uses automatic data collection tools](http://welcome.hp.com/country/us/en/privacy/cookies_beacons.html). 

HP also collects information from commercially available sources that it deems credible. Such information may include your name, address, email address and demographic data. The information HP collects from its commercial sources may be used along with the information HP collects when you visit HP’s websites. For example, HP may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by Automatic Data Collection Tools to derive your general geographic area.  
