> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 5starweddingdirectory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181230235425id_/https%3A//5starweddingdirectory.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Wedding Directory | 5 Star Wedding Directory

### **5 Star Wedding Directory Privacy Policy (UPDATED 21st May 2018)**

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://5starweddingdirectory.com (the “Site”).

* * *

### Definitions

**_* Service_**

Service means the https://5starweddingdirectory.com website and the 5starweddingdirectory mobile application operated by 5 Star Wedding Directory part of Digiquick Ltd.

**_* Personal Data_**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**_* Usage Data_**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**_* Cookies_**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**_* Data Controller_**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

**_* Data Processors (or Service Providers)_**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**_* Data Subject (or User)_**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

* * *

**PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”

Cookies: We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

    \- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

    \- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.  
    \- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.  
    [[Google Analytics, Statcounter, Provide Support, rakuten.com, AWIN, Commission Junction ]]

Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.”

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.

* * *

**HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?**

We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:  
Communicate with you;  
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and  
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.  
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

* * *

**Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. 5 Star Wedding Directory (Digiquick Ltd). aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

* The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

* The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

* The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

* The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

* The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

* The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where 5 Star Wedding Directory (Digiquick Ltd) relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

* * *

**SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

* * *

**BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING**

As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.

You can opt out of targeted advertising by:  
  OPT-OUT LINKS:  
    FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads  
    GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous  
    BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads

Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at http://optout.aboutads.info/.

* * *

**DO NOT TRACK**

Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

* * *

**Links To Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

* * *

**YOUR RIGHTS**

If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

* * *

**DATA RETENTION**

When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.

* * *

**MINORS**

The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.

* * *

**CHANGES**

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

* * *

**CONTACT US**

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) or by mail using the details provided below:

  87 Serpentine Close, Stevenage, HRT, SG1 6AR, United Kingdom

* * *

## Privacy Policy

The Internet is an amazing tool. It has the power to change the way we live, and we’re starting to see that potential today. With only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, and communicate with others from around the world. It’s important to 5 Star Wedding Directory to help our customers retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the Internet has to offer.

We believe your business is no one else’s. Your privacy is important to you and to us. So we’ll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, 5 Star Wedding Directory follows different principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection.

  * We won’t sell or give away [YOUR NAME], mail address, phone number, email address or any other information to anyone.
  * We’ll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.



**NOTICE**

We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create a Registration ID on the site or when you download free software, enter a contest, order email newsletters or join a limited-access premium site. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes:

  * To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
  * To help you quickly find software, services or information.
  * To help us create content most relevant to you.
  * To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from 5 Star Wedding Directory.



**CONSENT**

If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of 5starweddingdirectory.com. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration.

If you decide to register, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding 5 Star Wedding Directory products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from 5 Star Wedding Directory.

5 Star Wedding Directory occasionally allows other companies to offer our registered customers information about their products and services, using postal mail only. If you do not want to receive these offers, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties.

**ACCESS**

We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time at the Visitor Center. There, you can:

  * View and edit personal information you have already given us.
  * Tell us whether you want us to send you marketing information, or whether you want third parties to send you their offers by postal mail
  * Sign up for electronic newsletters about our services and products.
  * Register. Once you register, you won’t need to do it again. Wherever you go on 5starweddingdirectory.com, your information stays with you.



**SECURITY**

5 Star Wedding Directory has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

We guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be safe and secure. When you place orders or access your personal account information, you’re utilizing secure server software SSL, which encrypts your personal information before it’s sent over the Internet. SSL is one of the safest encryption technologies available.

In addition, your transactions are guaranteed under the Fair Credit Billing Act. This Act states that your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 in fraudulent credit card charges. If your bank does hold you liable for $50.00 or less, we’ll cover your liability provided the unauthorized, fraudulent use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own and from purchases made from us over our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

5 Star Wedding Directory strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in [COUNTRY] or any other country where 5 Star Wedding Directory, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.

You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others.

If for some reason you believe 5 Star Wedding Directory has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words Privacy Policy are in the Subject line.

**CUSTOMER PROFILES**

As mentioned above, every registered customer has a unique personal profile. Each profile is assigned a unique personal identification number, which helps us ensure that only you can access your profile.

When you register, we create your profile, assign a personal identification number, then send this personal identification number back to your hard drive in the form of a cookie, which is a very small bit of code. This code is uniquely yours. It is your passport to seamless travel across [WEBSITE], allowing you to download free software, order free newsletters, and visit premium sites without having to fill out registration forms with information you’ve already provided. Even if you switch computers, you won’t have to re-register – just use your Registration ID to identify yourself.

**What we do with the information you share**

When you join us, you provide us with your contact information, including [YOUR NAME] and email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new and exciting services that we offer. When you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address. We use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time. For your convenience, we do save billing information in case you want to order from us again, but we don’t use this information again without your permission.

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

5 Star Wedding Directory will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on 5 Star Wedding Directory or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of 5 Star Wedding Directory and its family of Websites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of 5 Star Wedding Directory, its Websites, or the public.
