> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shyplite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625141642id_/http%3A//shyplite.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Shyplite

### 1\. Background

  1. This document is an electronic record in terms of (i) Information Technology Act, 2000; (ii) the rules framed there under as applicable; and (iii) the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
  2. This Privacy Policy ( **"Privacy Policy"** ) is published in accordance with: (i) Section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000; (ii) Regulation 4 of the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal information) Rules, 2011 (“SPI Rules”); and (iii) Regulation 3(1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011, that require publishing the privacy policy that is applicable in relation to the access or usage of [Mention the Website] ( **"Website"** or **"Platform"** )
  3. Shyplite (“Website” or “Platform”), is owned, registered and operated by Simba Logistics Private Limited ( **"Company"** ), a private limited company, incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and having its registered office at W5-B/3, Western Avenue, Sainik Farms, Delhi- 110062.
  4. This Privacy Policy covers: (i) the type of information collected from the Users (as defined below) through the Platform; (ii) the purpose, means and modes of usage of such information; and (iii) how and to whom such information which has been collected will be disclosed.
  5. For the purpose of these Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires  **"You"** , **"Your"** or **"User"** shall mean any person who uses the Platform for availing the Services. The term  **"We"** ,  **"Us"** ,  **"Our"**  shall mean the Company, its employees, and authorised agents that perform any services on the Company’s behalf.
  6. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such modifications will become effective immediately upon posting to the Platform and your continued use of the Platform, and/or the Services constitutes your consent to such modifications. If you object to any changes, you may terminate your account. You agree to periodically review the current version of the Privacy Policy as posted on the Platform.



### 2\. Services

  1. We are aggregators of logistic services. Through our Platform, We enable the User(s) to ship orders to multiple locations, without having to deal with multiple courier companies ( **"Service Providers"** ) ( **"Services"** ).
  2. All the other defined terms shall have the same meaning as provided for under the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/tou/) published on this Platform.



### 3\. Type of information collected from the User(s)

We don’t collect any information till the User registers and signs the Customer Agreement.

### 4\. Cookies

  1. The Platform uses temporary cookies, which are files that your web browser puts on your system when you visit a website, to store certain information that is not sensitive personal information. The information collected through these cookies is used by us for the technical administration of the Platform, research and development, and to improve the quality of our Platform.
  2. We may use third party cookies to track visitor behaviour and to improve the quality of our services. However, such cookies will not store any kind of personal information, nor will such information be disclosed to any third party.
  3. These cookies are intended to be automatically cleared or deleted when the User quits the browser application. You are encouraged to use the “clear cookies” functionality of your browser to ensure such clearing / deletion, since it is impossible for us to guarantee, predict or provide for the behaviour of your system.
  4. The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any third parties, other than for internal Platform development and maintenance.



### 5\. Security Procedures

We have implemented industry standard security policies, rules and technical measures, to protect any kind of personal sensitive information that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss.

### 6\. Retention of Information

We retain any personal information that you may have provided to us, for as long as you engaged our services, and for a reasonable time thereafter.

### 7\. Choice/Opt-out

If the User wishes to opt- out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from Us, after setting up an account, they may choose to do so. Further, if a User wishes to remove all their contact information from the Platform, they can do so by opting out of the Platform and uninstalling the Platform. 

### 8\. Governing Law

Terms of Use shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the Applicable Law without reference to conflict of laws principles. The courts in New Delhi, shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to determine any disputes arising in relation to, or under, these Terms of Use.
