> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the piratecams.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625121725id_/http%3A//www.myregistration.ca/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | My Registration

We believe that your privacy and the privacy of all our users is important. This Privacy Policy is  is hereby incorporated in the terms and conditions each customer agrees to in the purchase process.

Myregistration.ca will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your contact information, or financial information, by a third party to whom Myregistration.ca is allowed to disclose your contact information under the Privacy Policy. If you post any User Content to the Site, by electronic mail or otherwise, we will treat it as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. When we say in these Terms “post” we mean the provision of information (including, but not limited to, “User Content”) to the Site through features of the Site that are used to make information available to other members of the public (e.g., user reviews, bulletin boards, chat rooms, etc.). Information that is posted to the Site shall not be subject to the Privacy Policy and may be publicly displayed and disclosed and otherwise used by Myregistration.ca or any third party in any way. By posting User Content to the Site, you authorize us to use or allow others to distribute, reproduce or otherwise use such User Content. You should not post information about yourself on the Site that can be used to identify or contact you, including, but not limited to, your name, home or work address, phone numbers, pagers, email address or other such information. If you post such information, Myregistration.ca cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates these Terms, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. By posting such information on the Site, you violate these Terms, and you assume the risks and sole liability for the results of such posting. Myregistration.ca is not liable for any lost data resulting from the operation of the Site or the enforcement of the Terms. We urge all users to maintain their own back up versions of any User Content or other information they submit to the Site.
