> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ipayment.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209153042id_/http%3A//corebt.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CORE Business Technologies: Revenue, Document, Network, Management: Privacy Policy

At CORE Business Technologies, we understand that our customers are our most important asset, so we do everything we can to protect you and respect your privacy as you visit our site. To learn more about how we keep your information safe and secure, read our privacy policy.

**CORE Business Technologies Privacy Policy**  
1\. Your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, storage and disclosure of your personal information by CORE Business Technologies. We want you to feel secure when visiting our website and are committed to maintaining your privacy when doing so. The information below provides an overview of how we protect your privacy.

2\. What personal information do we gather? In general, you may visit CORE Business Technologies’ website without providing us with any personal information. However, there are times when we may need information from you, which includes your Internet address so that we can track unique visits to our site for analytic purposes. Additionally, we may need personal information such as your name and your postal and e-mail address in order to grant you access to protected and secured sites or provide you with the opportunity to register for an event, to fulfill your requests for information including white papers, download updates to our products or participate in an online survey. In other instances, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your product interests so that we can send you only the information that is useful to you, including articles, newsletters, product and service alerts, new product and service announcements and event invitations. When we collect this type of information, we will inform you as to why we are asking for information and how the information will be used. However, please note that providing any personal information is optional. When you receive your confirmation e-mail or when you receive any e-mail from the list server, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list.

3\. How do we collect your personal information? We collect information directly through response or “contact us” forms on our website that you choose to complete. We may also collect information indirectly through the use of cookies. The cookies we use identify you only as a number. They are stored on your computer and may be used in subsequent visits to our site.

4\. How do we use your personal information? Information we may collect is used to determine what is most effective about our website, to help us identify ways to improve it, to personalize the visit for you through the use of cookies, if you permit it, and to determine how we can tailor our website to make it more effective. We may also use data for other purposes, which we would describe to you at the point we collect the information (for example, if you are invited to register for an event).

5\. Do we share your information with outside parties? We do not sell personal information and we share it only with our advisors, suppliers and selected partners and only to the extent necessary to facilitate a transaction or an event related to you. For example, we may need to share information in the case of an event where we need to provide our caterer with meal preference information. But again, before you submit any information, we will inform you of the reason we are asking you for specific information and the parties to whom such information may be disclosed, and it is up to you whether or not you want to provide it. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for CORE Business Technologies, in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.

In addition to the foregoing, the following are the additional instances where we may disclose your personal information to third parties:

  * To investigate potentially fraudulent or questionable activities regarding customer accounts.  

  * In anticipation of and in the course of an actual or potential sale, reorganization, consolidation, merger or amalgamation of our business.  

  * When required or permitted by law.



The type of information we are legally required to disclose may relate to criminal investigations or government tax reporting requirements. In some instances such as a legal proceeding or court order, we may also be required to disclose certain information to authorities. Only the information specifically requested will be disclosed and we will take precautions to satisfy ourselves that the authorities that are making the request have legitimate grounds to do so.

There are some situations where we are legally permitted to disclose personal information, such as employing reasonable and legal methods to enforce our rights or to investigate suspicion of illegal activities.

6\. What about sensitive data? We do not typically collect sensitive personal data through this website. If we do seek to collect such data, we will inform you as to our intended use of such sensitive data and ask you to consent to our storing and the proposed uses of such data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. For instance, we may collect data incidentally when a user uploads his/her resume, because the resume may contain this information. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law as described in this Privacy Policy. The references to "sensitive personal data" apply to the various categories of personal data identified by the applicable data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. CORE Business Technologies does not knowingly collect data from or market to children anywhere.

7\. What about security? The security of your personal information is important to CORE Business Technologies and we take appropriate steps to maintain security of your personal information. The open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended. While this is out of our control, we aim to apply appropriate levels of security at all times. We use industry standard technologies and maintain current security standards to ensure that your personal information is protected against unauthorized access, disclosure, inappropriate alteration, or misuse. Electronic customer files are kept in a secured environment with restricted access. Paper-based files are stored in locked filing cabinets.

We manage our server environment appropriately and our firewall infrastructure is strictly adhered to. We routinely employ current technologies to ensure that the confidentiality and privacy of your information is not compromised. The security of your personal information is important to us and we will use all reasonable means to keep it as safe as possible.

8\. Do we give you access to your information? You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and, if we do, to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate. You can do this by contacting us via 4core@corebt.com or calling (401) 431-0700.

9\. Updating this Privacy Policy. Any changes to our Privacy Policy and information handling practices will be acknowledged in this Privacy Policy in a timely manner. We may add, modify or remove portions of this Privacy Policy when we believe it is appropriate to do so. You may determine when we last updated it by referring to the modification date found at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.

10\. General. Put simply, we value your trust in us. So we want to maintain your privacy and work with you to ensure that this website and the information and services we provide to you are a valuable resource for you. For any more information about this website or your visit, please contact us at [4core@corebt.com](mailto:4core@corebt.com) or (401) 431-0700.
