> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the readspeaker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121105202221id_/http%3A//www.readspeaker.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Text to Speech | Privacy Policy | ReadSpeaker

#### What information do we collect?

We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

#### What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

  * To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
  * To send periodic emails.



Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

#### Do we use cookies?

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

#### Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

#### Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

#### Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

#### Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

#### Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

ReadSpeaker  
Dolderseweg 2A  
Huis ter Heide 3712 BP  
Netherlands  
[info@readspeaker.com](mailto:info@readspeaker.com)
