> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the readytalk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150523161153id_/http%3A//www.readytalk.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ReadyTalk

## ReadyTalk Privacy Policy

ReadyTalk is a leading provider of audio and web conferencing services. We have developed this site, currently located at www.readytalk.com (the " **ReadyTalk Site** "), to provide you with information about our services as well as to provide a means to access these services. We understand your need for privacy when using the Internet for your communication. This policy governs ReadyTalk’s practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of user information collected through the ReadyTalk Site. **NOTE: This policy does NOT govern ReadyTalk’s practices with respect to information collected when registering for the ReadyTalk services, during participation in meetings, and following a conference (e.g. surveys). Such information is governed by the privacy policies (if any) of the applicable meeting organizer. Click[here](https://web.archive.org/privacy-statement) for details. **

### Policies

**1\. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USAGE. Personal Information.** We will ask you to provide us with information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you (" **Personal Information** ") when, among other things, you register on the ReadyTalk Site, use one of our services, fill out a survey, make a request for information, or enter a sweepstakes or contest through the ReadyTalk Site. We will use the Personal Information that you provide us in these circumstances to operate the ReadyTalk Site, to provision, deliver, bill and collect for services as well as provide information that you request from the ReadyTalk Site. 

Unless you instruct us in writing not to do so, ReadyTalk may use the Personal Information that you provide us to contact you regarding additional or new services and features offered by ReadyTalk, special offers by ReadyTalk, or important information regarding ReadyTalk. We may also provide your Personal Information to other companies that are directly related to ReadyTalk or the ReadyTalk Site, or with which we have a business relationship, which may contact you regarding products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you. Except as otherwise described in this privacy policy, we will not share, sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information.

Occasionally, we may use third parties to provide services for us, such as processing payments, sending email, hosting websites, or performing statistical analysis of our services and the ReadyTalk Site. These third parties are provided only the information necessary to perform their services and may use that information only for the limited purpose of performing those services. 

**2\. CHOICE**. You may “opt out” of receiving informational or promotional communications from us by following the instructions included in those informational or promotional communications. However, you may not “opt out” of certain mandatory notices or communications, such as billing notices or critical informational updates, that may be sent to you periodically. In addition, while we try to process all “opt out” requests in a timely manner you may continue to receive additional informational or promotional communications for a limited time after submitting your “opt out” request.

**3\. ACCESS.** When you register to use any of the services offered by ReadyTalk, ReadyTalk will send you a confirmation of your registration showing the Personal Information that we obtained from your registration. Also, as reasonably practicable, we will take steps to give you the opportunity to confirm and/or modify your Personal Information. 

**4\. SECURITY.** The Personal Information that we collect from you is stored in operating environments that are not available to the general public and are protected using commercially reasonable security measures. In the case of credit card numbers and other financial information, your Personal Information is encrypted for even greater protection. Unfortunately, no security measures are perfectly reliable or totally secure and ReadyTalk is not responsible or liable for any unauthorized or illegal access to Personal Information, unless it was the direct result of negligence or intentional misconduct on our part. However, the other sites that you may access through the ReadyTalk Site may have different security practices and you should familiarize yourself with those practices. 

We are not responsible for the confidentiality and security of the password issued to you by ReadyTalk. If you lose control over your password the security of your account may be compromised and you could lose control over your Personal Information. You should take care to keep your password secure and confidential. If you believe your password has been compromised, you should immediately contact us to change your password.

**5\. COMPLAINTS.** If at any time you believe that we have violated any of these Policies, please notify us by email at [help@readytalk.com](mailto:help@readytalk.com)

**6\. DISCLOSURE FOR LEGAL PURPOSES.** We may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary: (a) to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or those of our customers and other users, (c) to act immediately to protect the personal safety of our customers, other users, or the public, or (d) in connection with a merger, consolidation or sale of assets of ReadyTalk. 

**7\. ANONYMOUS INFORMATION.** In addition to collecting Personal Information, we may also gather information that does not personally identify you regarding your use of the ReadyTalk Site and our services (" **Anonymous Information** "). Anonymous Information can include your domain name, IP address, browser, operating system, and internet service provider or ISP, as well as the timing and size of all packets sent through our network and servers while using our services or the ReadyTalk Site. The Anonymous Information that we collect regarding your use of the ReadyTalk Site and our services may be used by us to measure the effectiveness of marketing efforts on the ReadyTalk Site, for improving the services we offer to you, or to share with third parties for other purposes. For example, we might use this Anonymous Information to inform our advertisers how many users visited a particular advertisement, and for how long, so they can measure whether the advertisement was effective. Generally, you will not be aware when such Anonymous Information is being collected about you. Anonymous Information may be collected in various ways, such as through traffic data or direct surveys of our customers or other users and may entail the use of, among other things, cookies, IP addresses, or other numeric codes used to identify a computer by which a user accesses the ReadyTalk Site or used to identify other devices by which a user may access our services. 

**8\. COOKIES.** We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the ReadyTalk Site or our services if you do so. 

**8\. Updates.** We may update this privacy policy from time to time, so please review it often. All updates to this privacy policy will be effective when they are posted on the ReadyTalk Site. Your use of the ReadyTalk Site or our services signifies and confirms your consent to the terms of the posted privacy policy. If we are going to use your Personal Information in a way that differs materially from the terms of the privacy policy in place at the time that Personal Information was collected, we will notify you via email to seek your permission.

**9\. VENTURING OFF THE READYTALK SITE.** The ReadyTalk Site may contain ad banners and hyperlinks that can take you to Web sites run by third parties ("Third-Party Sites"). ReadyTalk has no control over how such Third-Party Sites will treat your Personal Information, and the terms of the privacy policies of such Third-Party Sites may differ from the terms of this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, ReadyTalk strongly recommends that you review the terms of the privacy policy at each Third-Party Site that you choose to visit before providing any Personal Information to that site.

**Remember, this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the ReadyTalk Site. When you are no longer on the ReadyTalk Site, you may encounter different privacy and security practices and you should familiarize yourself with those practices each time you visit a new site.**
