> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the readcube.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140406004040id_/http%3A//www.readcube.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ReadCube's Privacy Policy

We at Labtiva, Inc. (“Labtiva,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) know that our users (“you,” “your”) care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting the Site or using the Service in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways. Any capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning given to them in the [Company’s Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms). 

**1\. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?** This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Service, including without limitation access to the Service by or through the readcube.com website, any third party integration of the Service, and any software owned, operate or licensed by us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. 

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service (as that term is defined in our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms). If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Service or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the Service. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [support@readcube.com](mailto:support@readcube.com). 

**2\. What Information Does Company Collect?** We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained more fully below. We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our services, to allow our users to set up a user account and profile, to contact users, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to analyze how users utilize the Site, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may share certain types of Personal Information with third parties (described in this Section and in Section 3 below). We collect the following types of information: 

**A. Information You Provide to Us.** We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, we collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, job title and institutional or organizational affiliation. _If we provide Services for which payment is required and you elect to receive such services, we may also receive and store Personal Information necessary to collect payment from you, including your credit card number and billing information._ We also receive and store information you provide us that is contained in User Submissions, including without limitation articles you Submit to the Service. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some or all of the Service features. We also receive and store any user name and/or password you provide us in order to access Content by or through third party websites, databases, libraries, subscriptions, journals or other sources; when you request the Service to display Content from any of the foregoing sources, we may provide the respective user name and/or password you have provided us to such source. In addition, we may anonymize your Personal Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners, investors, Content providers or other third parties. 

**B. Information Collected Automatically.** Whenever you access or use our Service or interact with our Site, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from you. This information includes your IP address, browser information, “cookie” information, and the page you requested, and data generated in connection with your use of our Service. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to prevent or limit your computer or device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some or all of the Service features. If you access the Service through a third party website, that third party website may also transmit cookies to your computer or device. In addition, our advertising partners, if any, or those of a third party website, may also transmit cookies to your computer or device. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties. 

When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Site or what articles users are reviewing and commenting on through our Service), we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of the Site or which sections of articles result in User Submissions, so that we can make the Site or Service appealing to as many users as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Service, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience. We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. 

**C. E-mail and Other Communications.** We may contact you, by email or other means; for example, we may send you promotional offers on behalf of other businesses, or communicate with you about your use of the Service. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate your preference by clicking the unsubscribe option at the base of any emails that you receive from us. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Service, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. 

**3\. Will Company Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?** We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form with third parties as described below. 

**A. Advertisers.** We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are. 

We may deliver a file to you through the Site (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. 

**B. Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control.** In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Service (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. In addition, we may send your information to third parties when you elect to use certain features of the Service. For example, and not as a limitation, documents you choose to upload to the Service may be sent to third parties for the purpose of identifying or resolving those documents, or for providing access to other articles that may be of interest to you. While we neither solicit nor knowingly collect Personal Information in this context, we have no control over the content you Submit nor over the policies and practices of third parties as to privacy or anything else related to the content you Submit. 

**C. Agents.** We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. 

**D. Other Persons Whom You Elect to Receive Your Personal Information.** You may request that certain information, including your name, email address, and any of your User Submissions, be displayed or provided to other persons by or through the Service ( _e.g._ , if you share an article with another person). We have no control over the policies and practices of third parties as to privacy or anything else related to the information you request us to display or provide to other persons. 

**E. Business Transfers.** We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party. 

**F. Protection of Company and Others.** We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

**G. With Your Consent.** Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. 

**4\. Is Personal Information About me Secure?** Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. 

We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. 

The Site may contain links to other sites, or you may be allowed to access the Service from other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy. 

**5\. What personal information can I access?** By accessing the preferences, located in the lower left-hand corner of the application, you may access and edit the following information you’ve provided to us: 

  * \- name
  * \- email address
  * \- employer or institutional affiliation
  * \- job title
  * \- credit card information, if provided
  * \- user names and passwords



The information you can view and edit may change as the Site or Service changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at [support@readcube.com](mailto:support@readcube.com). 

**6\. What Choices Do I Have?** You can always opt not to disclose information we use, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some or all of the Service’s features. 

You can access and edit certain information as explained in Section 5 above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by writing to [support@readcube.com](mailto:support@readcube.com). Please note that some information may remain in our private records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. 

**7\. Changes to this Privacy Policy.** We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Site, on or through the Service, or by sending an email to the email address associated with your account. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Service after such changes have been first posted. 

**8\. Questions, CONCERNS AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION.** If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to [support@readcube.com](mailto:support@readcube.com). We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Any disputes arising from this Privacy Policy, or from the use or processing of any Personal Information we obtain from you in connection with the Service, shall be handled in accordance with the Dispute Resolution terms set forth in Section 14 of Company’s Terms of Use, available at [www.readcube.com/terms](https://web.archive.org/terms). 
