> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the readnaruto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080325220919id_/http%3A//mangahelpers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MangaHelpers.com - Manga Scanlations, Translations, Downloads, Forums and Community Website

* * *

MangaHelpers (together with its subsidiaries, "MangaHelpers" or "we") considers the protection of personal privacy to be one of our most important values. This privacy policy ("Policy") gives you specific information on how we protect your privacy, how we treat personal information, and the choices you have. 

This Policy applies to all web sites and services owned or provided by MangaHelpers and its subsidiaries, which we refer to here collectively as "MangaHelpers Sites". MangaHelpers Sites include, but are not limited to, MangaHelpers, as well as other MangaHelpers-branded services. From time to time we may add new sites, domain names or services to those listed above. Please note that this Policy applies only to sites owned and services maintained by MangaHelpers or its corporate subsidiaries and not to web sites or services provided by other companies or organizations to which we link. 

As a condition of using the MangaHelpers Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. Additional terms and conditions which govern your use of the MangaHelpers Sites are contained in our User Agreement, and, as applicable, in certain other service-specific license agreements or terms of use, which you will be notified of at the time of your registration for the applicable services. 

The Policy is accessible through the MangaHelpers Sites in several ways, including from a link entitled "Privacy" at the bottom of the MangaHelpers home page. You acknowledge that this Policy may change over time. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to revise this Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Policy, we will post the revised policy on the MangaHelpers Sites. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the MangaHelpers Sites. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is collected. Your continued use of the MangaHelpers Sites constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions of the Policy. 

## Information Collection, Storage and Use

We refer to information that identifies an individual as "Personal Information." In general, MangaHelpers collects Personal Information from users of the MangaHelpers Sites in connection with access to certain online areas or services, including during (i) registration for certain online community services and tools such as message boards, chat rooms or other community services; (ii) registration for special communications, such as email updates and newsletters; (iii) subscription registration; (iv) user surveys; (v) events, sweepstakes, contests or promotions; and (vi) registration for online multi- or single-player gaming, either through the MangaHelpers Sites, within a manga publisher's site or through the manga itself. Your Personal Information is stored on MangaHelpers computer servers (or those of its service providers) located in the United States. 

We may gather navigational, click stream data that indicates the areas of the MangaHelpers Sites you visit or access. This navigational data does not identify you as an individual user (i.e., based on your PII). We may enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows MangaHelpers to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the MangaHelpers Sites. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on the MangaHelpers Sites may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies have agreed not to share your information with any third party or use it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with MangaHelpers's advertisers and business partners. We also use and share navigational data in aggregate, non-personal form to understand how our users as a group use the MangaHelpers Sites. 

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in public areas of a MangaHelpers Site, such as the member home pages and message boards, your information can be viewed and possibly used by others. We advise users to be especially careful in such public areas about disclosing Personal Information, such as full name, home address, or phone number. 

Below are more details about the Personal Information we, or third parties may gather from you and how we may use it. 

  * Membership Information. When you register for membership on a MangaHelpers Site, we will ask you for certain minimum required information, such as your name, birth date, gender, email address and zip code. We may also ask for additional information about you and your interests. We do this so we can better understand your preferences and tailor the MangaHelpers Sites to suit you better. The more information you volunteer, the more we can tailor the MangaHelpers Site and promotions to your interests. Additionally, third-party service providers may require you to assent to their privacy party as a condition to receiving their service. 
    * Service Providers. We offer our members other services provided by third parties such as email and userpages, among others. When you register for membership on a MangaHelpers Site or activate a related service by clicking on a particular service link (i.e. email) on an MangaHelpers Site, you may be automatically registered to receive the services we offer and some of your Personal Information may be transferred from MangaHelpers to those third-party service providers. By becoming a member, you authorize us and our third-party service providers to send you email updates and information about promotions and special offers. We take care to require that our third-party service providers only use our member's data as necessary to provide the particular service and to give you updates on that service provider's products and services.
    * Manga Translators/Scanlators. We provide manga Translators/Scanlators with certain hosted technology and software that enables various manga related functionalities, such as an online archive to store your work. If you are not already a registered user of the MangaHelpers Sites you may be asked to provide Personal Information in connection with your use of such services. We share Personal Information with manga owners/publishers that offer such services to enable those entities to operate the services you have elected to receive. manga owners/publishers may also use Personal Information for other business purposes, provided that such use shall be in compliance with the terms of this Policy, except that a manga owner/publisher (a) will not contact you or otherwise use or transfer your Personal Information, unless you have expressly consented. Upon giving such consent your Personal Information will be subject to the manga owner's/publisher's privacy policy.
    * Co-registration with Other Sites. As a member, we offer you the ability to co-register with select third-party partner sites. In some instances where MangaHelpers provides co-registration, the co-registration partners allow you to opt-out of their membership. If you choose to co-register with our partners and accept their terms of service, then you are automatically registered as a member of their select web sites and your Personal Information is transferred to those organizations. As a result, you may receive information from one of these web sites as any of their members would. We advise you to review the privacy and data collection policies of the third-party partner sites for further information. In order to cancel your membership with any of these partners you will need to go directly to the partner's site.
    * Advertisers. MangaHelpers may send you emails on behalf of our advertisers. If you opt to receive information from our advertisers they may use your Personal Information to send you advertisements or other notices, via email or postal mail, and it is possible that your information may be shared with others.
    * Other Parties. We occasionally provide third parties with Personal Information limited only to your E-mail address in order to send you promotional mailings.
  * Email Updates to Members. If you so elect at registration, we may periodically send you promotional email about products or services offered by the MangaHelpers Sites, our partners and advertisers. If you want to update your email address or stop receiving these types of promotional emails, please follow the procedures to unsubscribe at the bottom of any email we send you.

We may contact you regarding account status, changes to this Policy, our User Agreement or other terms of use, to confi



