> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the realtown.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160316094928id_/https%3A//www.realtown.com/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Privacy statement for RealTown 

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of RealTown.com, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement (this "Statement") discloses the privacy practices for RealTown.com (the "Web site") - what information we gather, how we use it and how to correct or change it. This Statement only addresses our activities from our servers. Other sites (including those to which the Website links and third party sites or services which link to RealTown.com ) may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control. Questions regarding this Statement should be e-mailed privacy@RealTown.com. 

Our Privacy Policy is posted in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following statements disclose general information related to the gathering and use of any personal information through the RealTown.com website. This privacy policy may be updated from time to time, so please check back frequently. 

  1. Information volunteered by visitors is collected by RealTown.com to assist us in better serving you. This could include any personal information and/or Website registrations (name, e-mail, URL). This information may be used to send occasional updates to you regarding our services. 
  2. Within the scope of our website and services, you may encounter websites or affiliate content that solicit your e-mail address or other personal information. It is up to you to evaluate the privacy policy for each of these entities. In no event will RealTown, Inc. be held liable. At any time, you may give notice that you no longer wish to receive future information from RealTown.com by sending an e-mail to privacy@RealTown.com with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line. You may also modify any information previously sent to us by sending an e-mail to privacy@RealTown.com 
  3. Your IP address may be logged for identification purposes, to help diagnose the functionality of our server, or to help enforce certain restrictions regarding the use of free services that we may offer. This information is not shared or sold to any third parties, and would only be made available to law enforcement agencies with a valid court order. Your IP address is not collected for advertising purposes and is never shared with advertisers. 
  4. This site contains links to other sites. RealTown Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 
  5. Our site statistical measurement tools reveal to us your browser type and the referring page from which you are visiting us; this helps us maintain our site design for the browser most visitors are using as well as helps us identify where visitors are coming from or learning about us online. 
  6. Credit information that you and credit authorizers provide when you make payments by credit card or electronic check for products or other services will only be used to process the transactions you request. This information will be provided to and maintained by reputable credit reporting databases, but will never be sold, shared or provided to other third parties. 
  7. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use secure servers and maintain security procedures and standards that we believe are as safe as today's technology permits. We test these procedures and modify them regularly as new technologies become feasible. 
  8. Our online surveys and profiles ask visitors for their RealTown.com e-mail address and demographic information. We may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from RealTown.com or some of our partners. 
  9. All of the information RealTown.com collects, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is "aggregated" -- meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which hardware and software products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new services we should make available on our web sites. 
  10. RealTown.com will not disclose any information about any individual without the individual's consent, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process. 
  11. Basically, we collect information that is voluntarily provided to us and we use it only for the purpose it was provided for. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of this web site, or your dealings with this website, please do not hesitate to contact us by sending an e-mail to privacy@RealTown.com If at any time you think these policies have not been followed by us, please let us know by sending an e-mail to privacy@RealTown.com and we will make every reasonable effort to correct the problem. If you have any questions about this Statement, the practices of RealTown.com with respect to personal information or your dealings with this website, you can contact privacy@RealTown.com or write to: RealTown, Inc, 7183 Navajo Road, Suite F, San Diego 92119. 


