> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the realeyz.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140622173722id_/http%3A//www.realeyz.tv/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

The following data privacy provisions govern the use of the services and features offered by EYZ Media GmbH, Köpenicker Str. 154 in D-10997 Berlin (hereinafter referred to as “EYZ”) at [http://www.realeyz.tv](http://www.realeyz.tv/):

1\. EYZ respects the privacy of users and has made the protection of user privacy on its Internet Web sites an utmost priority. We are committed to treating any personal information submitted to us by users with great care. This especially holds true in respect to collaboration with third parties and partner organizations. EYZ does not, however, assume liability for the actions of third parties unless otherwise individually and specifically declared.

2\. EYZ collects, stores, and processes personal information exclusively in accordance with currently valid legal regulations, and to fulfill the contractual relationship between EYZ and the user, for example, when it is necessary and relevant to providing the services and features requested by the user.  
All particulars the user submits to the EYZ Internet Web site, especially during the registration process, are considered personal information.

3\. In addition, we use what is known as “cookies” (small packages of data that transmit system configuration data, such as screen resolution and IP address) to improve the services and products we offer. It is possible, however, to disable cookies storage by changing the settings on your browser (you can find further information about browser settings in your browser's menu option: “extras – Internet options”, in your browser toolbar.)  
Furthermore, the EYZ Web site uses Google Analytics, a Google Inc. (hereafter “Google”) Web analysis service. Google Analytics also uses “cookies”. These cookies are text files saved to the user's computer. They permit the service provider to analyze the user's use of the Web site. The information gathered by the cookie about the use of this Web site by the user (including IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses this information to evaluate the use of the Web site, to compile reports for the Web site's operators, and to provide additional services related to Web site and Internet usage. Where applicable, Google will also pass on this information to third parties if required to do so by law, or in the event that third parties process this information on Google's behalf. Under no circumstances will Google correlate the user's IP address to other Google data. The user can prevent the installation of these cookies by configuring cookie options in their browser software. However, limiting the use of cookies in the browser will affect the Web site functionality. Not all features on the Web site will operate smoothly without cookies. By using the EYZ Web site, the user agrees to allow Google to process the information that has been compiled about him or her, in the manner and for the uses specified above.

4\. Our Web site contains Facebook plug-ins (programs). These plug-ins are used exclusively by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (Facebook). These plug-ins are recognizable on our Web site as the Facebook logo and the Facebook “like” button. You can find an overview of Facebook's plug-ins here http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/ 

When you visit one of our Web site pages containing Facebook plug-ins, Facebook servers automatically connect to and send plug-in content to your browser. Your browser then integrates the plug-in information into the display of our Web site. Information, namely your IP address and the fact that you have visited our Web site, are transferred through the plug-ins to the Facebook servers. If you visit our Web site while logged-in to your Facebook account, you can link content from our Web site to your personal Facebook profile. Additionally, Facebook can correlate your visit to our Web site to your Facebook account. If you interact with one of Facebook's plug-ins by clicking on a “like” button, or by leaving a comment, your activity information is transferred directly to and saved by Facebook servers.We expressly advise in this regard that we as Web site providers have no knowledge of or access to the content of these data transmissions nor of their use by Facebook. You can restrict these data transmissions by logging out of your Facebook account before visiting our Web site, and by deactivating cookies in your browser. To learn more about the purpose and extent of Facebook's data collection activities and how Facebook processes and uses your data, as well as your rights and individual setting options that serve to protect your privacy, please refer to Facebook's Data use policy: (GB) <http://en-gb.facebook.com/about/privacy/> or (US) <http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>5\. The user understands that his or her personal information may be transferred to third parties if this information is relevant and necessary to fulfilling the contractual agreement between EYZ and the user, and to provide and optimize the features and functionality of requested services. Any further usage that goes beyond the aforementioned, in particular the transferring or selling of such data to third parties by EYZ, is prohibited unless the user has expressly consented to such use.

6\. Furthermore, EYZ is authorized to send users occasional advertising by e-mail or postage mail unless otherwise specified by the user. This includes the mailing of a regularly published newsletter.

7\. Any user can, without stating grounds, disallow the use of personal information for any advertising purposes whatsoever by sending an e-mail to [privacy@realeyz.tv](mailto:privacy@realeyz.tv). Further information on how to unsubscribe can be found in all e-mails.

8\. Furthermore, at any time and without stating grounds you can prohibit the storage and use of collected and saved data. If you would like to take this step, or if you have questions, concerns or other requests, please contact us at [privacy@realeyz.tv](mailto:privacy@realeyz.tv). Please keep in mind, however, that implementing such measures may impede EYZ from fulfilling its contractual obligations. Should this be the case, the contractual agreement between EYZ and the user shall be terminated. EYZ cannot be held liable in such instances for claims of damages or damage compensation.

9\. If you want to subscribe to our Newsletter, please:  
 \- Provide a valid e-mail address.  
\- Respond to the confirmation that will automatically be sent to you (this is the so-called “confirm opt-in” or “double opt-in”). This allows us to verify that you and no one else requested the newsletter subscription.  
The personal information that you have provided to EYZ (in this case, your e-mail address) will be carefully processed according to our data protection regulations. No further information is collected.  
You may revoke your agreement regarding the collection, storage and use of your data at any time. A notification of your right to revoke is contained in our Privacy Policy as well as in every e-mail we send to you.  
Please note: our Newsletter is mailed by our content management system Magento. The return address is [contact@realeyz.tv](mailto:contact@realeyz.tv) To make sure that you receive the Newsletter in your In-Box, particularly if you use a free mailer such as (gmx.de, web.de etc.), mark the return address as “safe” or copy the sender address into your address book. Please consult your e-mail provider for more information. 

  
Berlin, March 2013
