> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the realmeye.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130716025648id_/http%3A//www.realmeye.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | RealmEye.com

### Privacy Policy for RealmEye.com

At RealmEye.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit RealmEye.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

#### Log Files

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

#### Cookies and Web Beacons

We use third party advertisements on RealmEye.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

You can choose to disable or selectively turn off the third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in external internet security programs.
