> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dremel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606004002id_/http%3A//www.dremel.com/en-us/misc/policy/Pages/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Dremel, a division of Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, ("Dremel") respects the privacy of its users. In this document, we explain how we use information you supply us via the dremel.com website. Please take a minute to read the following policy so that you can understand how we treat your personal information. As we update and expand our services, this policy might change, so please review it periodically.

Please note that although there may be links from this site to other websites, this Privacy Policy applies only to this site and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which our site is linked. Dremel is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of any websites to which this site may link.

This website is the product of Dremel. This Privacy Policy is subject to the terms and conditions of our Terms of Use Agreement, including without limitation, the limitations on liability, governing law, and dispute resolution provisions of the Terms of Use Agreement.

**What personal information do we collect?**

**Visiting:** You are not required to provide personally identifiable information to visit the dremel.com site.

**Product Registration:** You will be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address, etc. on the Dremel product registration form in order to register the products which you have purchased from us. We do not sell your personally identifiable information to any third parties. The information you provide us in the product registration section will be used by us for internal market research. In the future, we may send you mail, email and/or newsletters to provide you with information about us and our products.

**E-Mail Sign Up:** You will be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and email address if you sign up to receive our email newsletters. The information that you enter in the email sign-up section is collected by one of our third party service providers, Silverpop, and is forwarded to us by Silverpop. If you complete the "forward to a friend" feature on our email newsletters, we will forward an email to the friend's address that you provide asking whether your friend would like to receive our newsletters. Silverpop is not authorized by Dremel to retain, use for its own purposes, or in any way provide to third parties the information that it collects and compiles for Dremel. Silverpop has its own privacy policy regarding its collection of personally identifiable information from you. You may access Silverpop's privacy policy by [clicking here](http://www.silverpop.com/marketing-company/trust/privacy/privacy.html "SilverPop Privacy Policy").

**Customer Service/Literature Request:** You may provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address, etc. on our Literature Request form. The information you provide us on the Literature Request form is used by us to respond to your request, and is thereafter deleted from our records.

**Contact Us Section:** You may provide us with personally identifiable information in order to allow us to answer a question that you ask us through the site. The information you provide us is used to contact you with an answer to your question, and is then deleted from our records.

**Message Board:** You may provide information for public posting on one of our message boards. Your use of the message boards is subject to the Terms of Use Agreement for this site, which can be accessed by clicking _[_here_](https://web.archive.org/en-us/misc/termsofuse/Pages/default.aspx)_. We do not collect, use or retain the information you provide for the message boards for any purpose other than to post your information on the message boards.

**Featured Project:** You may send us a story or images for the "Featured Project" or "Customer Gallery" section of our website. Any information which you send us for use in our "Featured Project" or "Customer Gallery" section is subject to the Terms of Use Agreement for this site, which can be accessed by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/en-us/misc/termsofuse/Pages/default.aspx "Dremel.com Terms of Use"). We do not collect, use or retain the information you provide for the "Featured Project" or "Customer Gallery" sections for any purpose other than to post your information in the "Featured Project" or "Customer Gallery" sections, if your entry is selected as a featured project.

**Consumer Surveys:** You may provide us with personally identifiable information if you respond to consumer surveys made available on this site from time to time. All the information submitted to us is first collected by one of our service providers, such as our advertising agency or web developer. Such service providers are not authorized by us to retain, use for its own purposes, or in any way provide to third parties the information which it collects and compiles for us. The information collected are only used and retained in their aggregate form to help us understand and better serve the audience responding or submitting information. We also use cookies to determine whether visitors have responded to consumer surveys that are made available on this site. See the Cookies section below.

**The Use of Cookies**  
Dremel uses "cookies," which are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes, to facilitate your access to our products. Dremel uses cookies in accordance with industry-standard protocols, and does not use cookies, either directly or in conjunction with other Web sites, to track your movement to Web sites other than Dremel. If you would like more information about cookies, you can visit [http://www.cookiecentral.com/n_cookie_faq.htm](http://www.cookiecentral.com/n_cookie_faq.htm "cookiecentral.com"). 

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our site or on other sites which we use for advertising. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness; and they are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, 

[click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/ "http://www.networkadvertising.org/").

**IP Addresses:** Dremel compiles IP addresses -- the location of your computer on the Internet -- for administrative and analytical purposes. Dremel does not routinely collect any personally identifiable information through its compilation of your IP address or the location of your computer on the Internet. However, in cases of suspected abuse or service problems, we may use an IP address in conjunction with other personally identifiable information to enforce our terms of service and to protect or troubleshoot the service, the site, its users or others who may be affected. No personally identifiable information associated with IP addresses will be shared with third parties for marketing purposes without your permission.
