> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dressupcraze.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122210856id_/http%3A//www.dressupcraze.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - DressUpCraze.com

  * **Privacy Policy**  
DressUpCraze.com is committed to providing a safe and fun website for children of all ages. We at DressUpCraze.com agree that information given to us by you or your child will remain private. DressUpCraze.com follows FTC guidelines for compliance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act. If you are under the age of 13, your parent or guardian must read this policy with you. The privacy policy is intended to let you know how DressUpCraze.com protects your personal information. 
  * **What Information Is Collected?**  
At DressUpCraze.com, it's our policy to create website content that requires minimum collection of information from our visitors. Generally, DressUpCraze.com limits our collection of information from children to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (e.g. user name, gender, state, zip code and country of residence). This information is collected so children can participate in activities without giving unnecessary personal information. From time to time, however, we may request limited personally identifiable information (e.g. child's email address and/or email address of parent or third party), as explained below, in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes or offer other online activities (e.g. electronic postcards, newsletters). DressUpCraze.com does not condition a child's participation in any of our online activities on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. 
  * **Contests and Sweepstakes**  
DressUpCraze.com occasionally offers contests and sweepstakes, which may be entered online. To participate in a contest or sweepstakes, a child is asked to provide his or her user name and email address. Sometimes, when we conduct contests or sweepstakes that may involve more than a one-time contact, we ask additionally for the email address of his or her parent. In such types of contests or sweepstakes, we send the child's parent an email informing him or her of the child's entry and give the parent the option to have the child's entry deleted. All the information collected by DressUpCraze.com is securely maintained and used only for the purpose of conducting the contest or sweepstakes. Once the contest or sweepstakes is finished, we then delete any personal information collected. The information collected in a DressUpCraze.com sweepstakes may be passed to a fulfillment house that may use the information to help run the contest or sweepstakes and may not use it for other purposes and has agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information. DressUpCraze.com may also provide the opportunity to send e-mail to us. We may ask for first names, but we request no personally identifiable information except an e-mail address, which we use solely for the purpose of responding to messages and/or requests. All information collected for electronic postcards and email messages is used only to send the requested electronic postcard or email message and to respond to email questions and/or requests and is deleted from our system once the electronic postcard, email message or email response is sent. 
  * **Personal Information Purposes**  
We use visitors' personal information for our internal purposes of enabling visitors to enter one of our on-line contests or sweepstakes, or to inform users of upcoming events and special announcements. We use the e-mail addresses of parents to notify them when we have received information from their child and to give them the opportunity to have their child's name removed from our lists. We do not keep any personal information we obtain through a contest or sweepstakes after the particular event is completed. We also use visitor's personal information to track usage and to ensure users are following the site's Terms and Conditions. Sometimes we will use agents or contractors to help us provide services to our visitors, such as helping us conduct a sweepstakes and sending prizes to the winners. In these cases, we require the agent or contractor to keep the information confidential and to use it only for the specific services they are performing. In addition, please review the section on Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors for a description of the limited instance whereby personal information collected on the site may be supplied to third parties with the consent of the user. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site, to personalize our visitors' experience on DressUpCraze.com, and to offer products, programs, and services. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer products, programs, or services. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request. We will not use or transfer personally identifiable information in ways that are materially different from the ones described above without also providing parental notification of such practices and obtaining consent for any materially different uses. 
  * **Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors**  
Our site contains links to other sites, including those of sponsors and advertisers, whose information practices may be different from ours. Sometimes these sites might conduct contests or sweepstakes that are promoted on DressUpCraze.com. Visitors should consult these other third party sites' privacy notices, since these sites are not covered by our privacy policy and may follow different procedures. 
  * **Cookies**  
Cookies are small text files that we place in visitor's computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies cannot damage user files, nor can they read information from a user's hard drive. Cookies allow web sites to "remember" users activities on a web site as well as users visits to a site. We do not store any personal information into cookies or link cookies to any personal information that players submit online when participating in our activities. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences; however, some of the functioning of features on the web site may be affected. 
  * **Parental Review of Information**  
Parents, please send an email to our DressUpCraze.com Privacy Manager at the email address provided below if you would like to do any of the following: Access personally identifiable information that the DressUpCraze.com site has collected online from your child. Correct factual errors in such information, request to have this information deleted, or request that we no longer collect or maintain such information. Please be sure to include your e-mail address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about your child. 
  * **Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
DressUpCraze.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. We ask that you review this Privacy Policy from time to time to insure you are familiar with the most current version of it. 
  * **Acceptance of this Privacy Policy**  
By using this web site, you agree to the terms as well as any posted changes to this Privacy Policy. 


