> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gati.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618020101id_/http%3A//gati.com/Privacy_Policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# G A T I --> Privacy Policy

**Privacy policy**  
  
This statement describes our policy and practices with regard to processing of personal information on our website. Our principal activities are Express Cargo,Priority,Gati saver,Trucking Solutions,Value Added Services,Logistics and Warehousing,Coast to Coast Services.  Our privacy policy covers **us,** the company, and the website. "Personal information" means information that relates to a living individual who can be identified from that information or from any other information that is held by or is likely to be held by us. This refers to information such as your name, birth date,e-mail address or mailing address that can be used to identify you. You can access the gati.com and browse the website without us capturing and storing personal information, other than logging user IP address and session information such as the duration of the visit and the type of browser used.  
  
Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, some services may require registration. When you register with us, you may need to complete certain fields (some are required and some are optional), as well as choose a user name and password. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and for us to respond to your query. We (Gati.com) accesses personal data for specific and limited purposes, which we inform you about when we ask you for information. For example, we may collect and use personal data to provide you with services, to bill you for services you request, to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes. Information you send to our customer service department is used only to help resolve your problem and is otherwise kept private. Gati.com keeps your data only for as long as is reasonably needed for such purposes and in accordance with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or documentation retention requirements. It is our policy to take all necessary steps to ensure that all personal information held by us is processed fairly and lawfully. We will take all necessary steps to implement this policy. All our employees and data processors who have access to personal information are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal information. Any personal information which we collect will be used solely for the purpose of providing our services, and we will not hold it for any longer than is legally permissible necessary for this purpose.  
  
We may collect additional personal information that you volunteer while using the website and/or the services. Where we collect such additional information, we make clear the nature of the information and the specific purpose[s] for which it is used or may be used and we offer you the choice to opt out of providing such information.If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Furthermore, even as we strive to protect your personal information,gati.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us - and you will be doing so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online and please change your password frequently.   
  
We will monitor on an ongoing basis compliance with the provisions of the applicable local legislation and regulations by third party processors, such as suppliers and contractors, of personal information held by us. We may from time to time use your personal information to send you information by telephone, fax, email or post about our company, our special offers and other information that you may find useful. If you do not wish to receive this information please contact your [webmaster](mailto:it_sw_dept_ho@gati.com).  
  
The website may contain links to other internet websites that are not owned by us. We are not responsible for the content of such websites or for the privacy policy of such websites or for personal information which such websites may collect or place on your computer.  
  
If any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect or needs updating, or if you want us to delete any personal information, please contact your webmaster. We may request that you provide further information and identification to enable us to comply with this request. No charge will be levied for complying with a correction request, however, for all other requests gati.net may charge a small fee to cover its costs. Requests to delete personal data will be subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document filing or retention obligations imposed on gati's staff compliance with our policies and procedures is regularly audited and reviewed. While we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse or alteration to data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.   
  
We regard our databases of customer information (which may include your personal information) as a valuable asset. Should we sell or transfer any of our business assets to third parties this may include the sale or transfer of such databases of information.   
  
GATI is a global enterprise and has databases in different jurisdictions. GATI may transfer your data to one of its databases outside your country of domicile. If the level of privacy protection in a country does not comply with recognized international standards, we will ensure that data transfers to GATI's databases in that country are adequately protected and that the transfer of data to third parties in such countries will not occur unless we obtain your express consent to such transfer in advance.   
  
If you have any queries or complaints about our compliance with this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to make any recommendations or comments to improve the quality of our Privacy Policy, please contact the Webmaster. We aim to constantly improve the tools available to you to manage the data that you provide to us. Please refer to this page from time to time to review these and other new features. 
