> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gaticonnect.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625135150id_/http%3A//www.gaticonnect.com/pages/privacy-policy/pgid-1171326.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

##  Privacy Policy

  1. We will not sell or rent your personal information, sensitive personal data or information and personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number) to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Web site and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods and services purchased, etc. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.
  2. We collect and store your personal information sensitive personal data or information and personally identifiable information from you. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Site to make your experience safer and easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.
  3. In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information, sensitive personal data or information or personally identifiable information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, sensitive personal data or information and personally identifiable information, you are not anonymous to us.
  4. One can also register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us with your personal details. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users.
  5. We use your personal information, sensitive personal data or information and personally identifiable information to facilitate the services you request. You agree that we may use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve the Site's content and product offerings, and customize the Site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site. You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile under My Account or by clicking unsubscribe any email communication. You may make changes to your profile at any time.
  6. It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information, sensitive personal data or information and personally identifiable information when required by law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
  7. We reserve the right to collect general customer information, demographic and other anonymous information (e.g., information relating to city, gender, occupation, educational background) that does not personally identify you. This information cannot be linked to you personally. We also reserve the right to transfer such non-personal information to various outside agencies (third party service providers) in connection with our services on the Web site. For example, we may use third parties to analyze data in order to do marketing and improve products being offered for sale.
  8. We have taken appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure.


