> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pet360.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626153345id_/http%3A//www.pet360.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pet360 - Customer Privacy Policy - Pet360 Pet Parenting Simplified

## Pet360 recognizes that your privacy is important to you and we are committed to maintaining and using your information responsibly. Our privacy policy describes the information we collect and how we use it.

For any questions related to privacy, please contact:  
Pet360  
2250 Hickory Rd, Suite 400  
Plymouth Meeting PA , 19462  
1-877-PET-FOOD

or complete our contact form by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626153345id_/http%3A//www.pet360.com/contactus)

### What Information We Collect

We collect the information you provide when you visit our Website or contact our call center to purchase, return, or exchange a product, or if you participate in a contest/survey. The type of information we may collect includes the following: domain name and e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).

### How We Use Your Information

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. By providing Pet360 with your email address you are giving us permission to send you marketing materials and communications directly from Pet360. You have the option to unsubscribe from email communication at any time via your email preference center in the my account section. From time to time we will share with other reputable organizations information to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes. Information may be shared if requested by governmental authorities, when legally required to do so, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.

Also, information may transfer in the event of a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.

### Cookies

Cookies are small data files that one of our servers sends to your computer via your Web browser when you connect with our Web site. Their primary function is to help us remember returning customers by tracking their browsing sessions, which enables us to collect non-personally identifiable information. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.

### Security

Protecting the safety of your personal information is very important to us. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.  
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Website to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.

### 3rd Party Advertising

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

If you do not want to receive e-mail or postal mailings from us in the future, please unsubscribe below [Unsubscribe](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626153345id_/http%3A//www.pet360.com/myaccount/unsubscribe)
