> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the petprotector.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171218195527id_/http%3A//petprotector.org/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pet Protector | Privacy policy

### **Privacy Policy**

## **Your IP Address**

Like most e-commerce Websites, each time you visit the Pet Protector website, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Pet Protector website for you and to diagnose problems with the Pet Protector website, we use your IP address only to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.

## **Cookies**

Like most websites, the Pet Protector website uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activities on the Pet Protector website and enhance your overall experience on the Pet Protector website. “Cookies” are small harmless files saved on your Browser that assist us in saving your preferences. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to help you to save your password, to save other personal and financial information so you do not have to reenter it each time you visit the pet Protector website. Cookies are also used to assist us in measuring our traffic flow, and to assess promotional effectiveness. You have the option to decline our cookies easily by disabling them in your browser, although in that case you may not be able to access certain features on the Pet Protector website, as well as being required to reenter your private information more frequently during a session.

## **Collection of Information**

You may browse a part of the Pet Protector website without revealing any personal information about yourself, however once you wish to get all the details about our business opportunity and to actually use the features available on the Pet Protector website, you will not be able to retain your anonymity. In order to fully meet your needs and provide you with an efficient and enjoyable experience, as well as providing access to certain features that may be of interest to you, we may require limited personal information. This may include things such as your full name, postal address, phone number, email address, billing information, shipping information, financial information (credit card numbers or passwords) or demographic information (information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age, birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, and the content of communications between you and other users over the Pet Protector website. Demographic information is either “non-public information”, which consists of user history information and one-on-one communications between you and other users of the Pet Protector website, or “public information”, which consists of all other demographic information. We ask that you do not enter personal information or financial information into a publicly viewed area (for example, don’t use your address or password as your username, or include your name or address in written communications or item descriptions), because if you do then it will then become “public information.” You always have the option to not provide specific information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.

We use your financial information, including credit card information to verify the accuracy of your name, address, and other information, as well as to bill you for your orders.

A specific file may be retained for you regarding any direct correspondence to us, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site.

Your buying, selling, and browsing habits on the Pet Protector website are automatically tracked for the purpose of our own research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior in order to better understand, protect and serve you and our online community. This may include the site that you just came from, the one that you will visit next, your computer browser information, and your IP address.

## **Information Others Collect From You**

This Privacy Policy only applies to the use and disclosure of information that Pet Protector collects from you. On our website, we place links to other websites operated by other parties. Some of these other websites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other websites or these other websites’ business practices, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites. Consequently, the operators of these other websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Pet Protector website. This concept also applies to your disclosure of information to any other parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.

## **How We Use Personal Information**

We use your personal information to help us efficiently operate the Pet Protector website, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the Pet Protector website, to forward messages to you from other users, to correct problems, collect service fees, gather demographic information, analyze data to improve your experience, enforce our members agreement, resolve user disputes, protect against fraud or criminal activity, and inform you of offers, updates or services that might be of interest. These types of communications are known as “Operational Communications.” In some cases, Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner ads and special offers. It is our policy not to sell or rent to any to third parties, your personal information for any purpose without your expressed consent. We may however, gather personal demographic data which may be disclosed in a manner that is not personally identifiable, for the purpose third party marketing analysis. This would not include your name, financial account numbers, email, or passwords.

We also use personal information to send you newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for Pet Protector’s or third parties’ goods or services. We attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, or exclusive offers. The Pet Protector website provides you with options to decline to receive communications from the Pet Protector website (other than those contained in Operational Communications). Some of these options may only be for a certain category of communications; others may be more general. By accepting the Pet Protector Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you wish to stop receiving certain communications, you have the option to do so by changing your user preferences.

In order to operate the Pet Protector website, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our internal agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, billing, affiliate programs, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, order fulfillment and promotional fulfillment. We require these entities by confidentiality agreement, not to use your information for any other purpose without your expressed permission.

By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the Pet Protector website, or electing to receive communications, or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs, offered or sponsored by third parties on the Pet Protector website, you are providing some degree of your personal information specifically to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. You should evaluate any third party’s privacy practices before using their services. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us.

We cannot ensure that any of your and other personal information or private communications will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, transmissions or private communications may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties, or other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Pet Protector website. Therefore, although we use industry high standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.

## **How We Use Financial Information**

We use your financial information only to check your qualifications, verify your identity and credibility, to bill you for products and services, and to enable you to participate in discount, rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information, on the Pet Protector website, you consent to our providing your financial information to our internal service providers as we determine is necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity. By purchasing, or registering for products or services of other third parties offered on the Pet Protector website, or by participating in programs offered on the Pet Protector website that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties.

## **Special Cases in which we share Personal and Financial Information**

We may disclose personal information or financial information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Pet Protector, its distributors, or other visitors to the Pet Protector website. Whenever personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph, we may also disclose your demographic information along with it, on a non-anonymous basis.

Pet Protector will cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties in the interest of enforcing laws, preventing criminal activity, protecting rights (including intellectual property), and protecting you and our Pet Protector community from harmful or criminal acts. Therefore, if we receive a verified request by government officials or other law enforcement agencies regarding an alleged illegal activity or investigation, you authorize us to disclose any of your personal information or history without a subpoena. In an effort to respect your privacy however, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, unless we believe that such information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or to report suspected illegal activity. You also authorize us to disclose your personal and account information under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.

## **Our Security Precautions**

All of Pet Protector’s website user information is stored on secure servers within the United Kingdom, and protected by applicable laws. Pet Protector has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, and that which is exchanged on Pet Protector website. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry high standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions.

## **How you may use the Information of other Users. (For independent distributors only)**

Pet Protector grants its independent distributors limited access to other distributors’ name, email, ID, and demographic information, in order to allow interaction among everyone within the Pet Protector community. Through the acceptance of Pet Protector’s Website Terms and Conditions, you agree that you have authority to use other users’ personal information that you obtain through the Pet Protector site, through related communication, or any Pet Protector-facilitated transaction, only for using services offered through Pet Protector and communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, or for any other purpose that a user expressly agrees to. Users must have an opportunity to have you remove any information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, you can disclose personal information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of that user. You agree that other users may use your personal information to communicate with you regarding Pet Protector related matters. Note that law enforcement personnel, and other rights holders are given different rights with respect to information they access.

Pet Protector and its service providers do not tolerate “spam”. Therefore, you DO NOT have any authority or permission whatsoever to add any reference to  “Pet Protector” or to otherwise insinuate that any electronic message you communicate to third parties has any affiliation whatsoever with the Company. Regardless of whom it is you are communicating with — be it a purchaser, fellow Distributor, or even the Company itself — AND, regardless where the message originates from — be it from another Distributor, your business organization, or even the Company itself — ABSOLUTELY NO MESSAGES SENT BY to you or your e-mail address should include any reference, or insinuation of approbation of the communication by the Company.

The Company has a ZERO TOLERANCE policy regarding any act which violates the above Policy. Be forewarned, if the above provision is not observed, then Pet Protector will take appropriate legal action.

## **How you can access and update your email preferences, personal information and public information**

We give you the opportunity to alter or update the personal, financial, or demographic information that you have given us by manually making the modifications in the sections of the Pet Protector website in which you originally submitted that information.

These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy.

Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, billing information, shipping information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, please email office@petprotector.org. It may be necessary for some of the personal information that you have requested to remove, to be retained by Pet Protector for the purpose of diagnosing problems, assisting with any legal investigations, resolving disputes, preventing criminal activity, or enforcing our Terms and Conditions. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your information will be completely removed from our files or databases in response to your requests. However, such personal information will only be available to select Pet Protector personal, and will no longer be accessible to other users or the public.

## **Reminder:**

We maintain the right to alter this Policy at any time and we recommend that you review it periodically so that you will be aware of any updates. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the pet Protector website. Please contact us at office@petprotector.org.
