> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the petplace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021209093130id_/http%3A//www.petplace.com/Corporate/corpSiteTextHandler.asp%3Fcode%3DPrivacy%2BStatement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PetPlace.com - Corporate

**We have some exciting new offerings for our registered users. These offerings include a Pet Journal, On-line Photo Album, Personal Newsletter, and the ability to Nominate Your Pet for PetPlace.com’s Pet of the Week. In addition, for users who belong to a veterinary clinic using our new Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, you will be able to communicate directly with your clinic on-line, to order prescription refills, to order food, to ask e-mail questions of your veterinarian or the clinic staff, and much more…**

In support of these new offerings we are changing our Privacy Policy. Please read the terms of this new policy below and make an appropriate selection.

**_Privacy Policy_**

At Intelligent Content Corporation, the creators of PetPlace.com, we are committed to protecting the privacy of the users of our site and the security of the information they provide to us.

The only “personal information” (i.e. information that identifies an individual, such as a user’s full name or email address) that Intelligent Content Corporation will collect, through its PetPlace.com site, about our users is information that is voluntarily submitted by a user or received by Intelligent Content Corporation in connection with our veterinary clinic Customer Relationship Management offering.

Intelligent Content Corporation shall not disclose your personal information to any third party without your consent. **NOTWITHSTANDING THE PRECEDING STATEMENT, INTELLIGENT CONTENT CORPORATION MAY, AT ITS OPTION, SHARE YOUR FIRST NAME, LAST NAME, AND E-MAIL ADDRESS WITH OUR PARTNERS AND SPONSORS AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH USE IS SIGNIFIED BY YOUR USE OF OUR WEB SITE OR BY YOUR CLICKING ON “I Agree” BELOW.** Please note that if you participate in our veterinary clinic Customer Relationship Management offering, you thereby consent to Intelligent Content Corporation sharing personal and other information about you and your pet(s) with your chosen veterinary clinic.

Intelligent Content Corporation may offer additional services, contests, forums, bulletin boards, or other similar promotions on our PetPlace.com site. In connection with these offerings, Intelligent Content Corporation may request that you provide personal and other information. We will identify what personal information is required to provide you with the service or promotion and how that information will be used. By participating in such offerings, you consent to the identified uses of your personal and other information. Such information will not otherwise be disclosed without your consent.

Intelligent Content Corporation may provide non-personal statistical information and data related to our users and their pets (for example, statistics related to product purchases by species or breed categories) to our partners, sponsors, suppliers, vendors and other third party affiliates.

PetPlace.com is a password protected site, and we have taken great care to protect against the loss and misuse of information within our control. We employ a secure database and send personal information only via an encrypted transmission channel.

PetPlace.com may contain various links to third party Web sites. Although these links provide greater services and resources to visitors to our site and they may even contain PetPlace.com trademarks and branding, we exert no authority over these linked sites. When you access a link from the PetPlace.com site to a third party site, you exit PetPlace.com and enter a third party’s site. Intelligent Content Corporation has no control over the privacy standards of such third party sites and assumes no responsibility or liability for the privacy and data collection policies or actions of any linked sites. Intelligent Content Corporation recommends you review the policies of third-party sites before providing personal information to any third party sites.

Our PetPlace.com site employs “cookie” technology to collect non-personal information from our users. Cookies are used to help our site provide content tailored to a user’s specific interests. Such information is used in the aggregate to help us understand how visitors make use of our site and the services and other resources we provide. While most browsers are set to receive cookies, you can alter your browser setting to refuse cookies or provide an alert when cookies are being sent.

**PetPlace.com employs an “opt-out” methodology.** When you register on PetPlace.com you implicitly “opt-in” to receiving e-mail, marketing and/or promotional materials from our site or from our partners. This methodology provides that users will have the opportunity to receive at least one (1) e-mail, marketing, and/or other promotional piece from our site or from our partners. Upon receipt of any e-mail, marketing, or other promotional material, you will have the ability to “unsubscribe” or to “opt-out” of receiving future electronic notifications. This status flag will be stored as part of your permanent database record.

**_Intelligent Content Corporation does not desire or intend to collect any personal information of children on our PetPlace.com site. We ask that children under the age of 13 do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under the age of 13, you can access the offerings on PetPlace.com requiring input of information only in conjunction with your parents or guardians._**

Any individual information voluntarily supplied by you that we have within our database will be available to you upon written request and proof of identification to Intelligent Content Corporation, 2141 North Commerce Parkway, Weston, Florida 33326. Intelligent Content Corporation will correct any errors in your personal information upon your request. **Notwithstanding the preceding statement, any information received by Intelligent Content Corporation in connection with our veterinary clinic Customer Relationship Management offering will not be made available upon request or subject to correction. Intelligent Content Corporation and/or the veterinary clinic supplying such information may limit, remove, or deny access to such information at any time in their sole discretion.** If you wish to obtain copies of such information, then you must request copies directly from your veterinary clinic. Your veterinary clinic may require you to comply with its policies and procedures regarding the release of information, including completion of additional forms.

Your acceptance of Intelligent Content Corporation’s Privacy Policy for the PetPlace.com site is signified by your use of our web site. Your continued use of PetPlace.com following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.

**We would like to thank you for your patronage of our site and hope that you find our new offerings a valuable addition to our critically acclaimed educational content.**
