> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trynbuyindia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522145305id_/http%3A//www.trynbuyindia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Trynbuy India | Privacy Policy

### Trynbuy India

is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This privacy protection section communicates how, when, and why we gather information about our customers and what we do with it. If you have any questions about the TrynbuyIndia.com privacy policies please contact us at:

### Trynbuy India Pvt. Ltd.

WT7B1103, Godrej Woodsman Estate,  
Bellary Road, Hebbal,  
Bangalore - 560024  
info@TrynbuyIndia.com

This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites to which we link. You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use this Site. 

###  Information Collected

If you subscribe to Trynbuy India and/or place an order through Trynbuyindia.com, we will ask you for your name, e-mail address, shipping address, telephone number and credit card information. We use this information to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. All archived credit card information is maintained in a secure and safe environment. Telephone numbers and e-mail addresses are used to contact you regarding your order. Trynbuy India will never sell, rent or share your personal information, including your e-mail address, with any third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission. If you decide to save your order information you will be creating an account that includes a personal password. Please safeguard your password and other personal information. You may be liable for unauthorized use of our web site, as well as have your private information used by others. In addition, we automatically gather certain information about the use of the Site, such as how frequently certain areas of the Site are visited, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies. Most browsers can be set to prevent cookies or to notify you when one is being placed. However, cookies are necessary to access the Site.

### How We Use Your Information

We will not share or disclose your information to anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use personally identifiable information in order to give you a more enjoyable convenient shopping experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the Site and its features, including without limitation: fulfilling your order; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the Site. We may also track your past purchases to provide you with a personalized profile of your shopping history. In addition, we may notify you about new services or special promotional programs, or send you offers or information. In connection with their performance of services to maintain and operate the Site and certain features on the Site, certain trusted third parties may be permitted to access your information. For example, we may use third parties to host the Site; operate various features available on the Site; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders. We may transfer personally identifiable information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control. In such a circumstance the Transferee would be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. We reserve the right to disclose information in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, administrative or governmental order, or any other requirement of law, or when we, in our sole discretion, believe it is necessary in order to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk reduction.

We use non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate, so that we can improve the Site and for business and administrative purposes. We may also use or share with third parties for any purpose aggregated data that contains no personally identifiableemail information. If you submit your email address to be added to a mailing list, we will use the email address for the sole purpose of sending you announcements, special offers from Trynbuy India and other partners along with site updates. Each email we send will contain information on how to unsubscribe from our mailing list. You can also unsubscribe by sending an email to info@TrynbuyIndia.com. We use your feedback to improve our site and our organization. If you choose to provide information about yourself using a feedback or email form on our Web site, we will not use the information for any purpose other than to respond to your inquiry or to act on your suggestion or comment. We will not share your information with others except with your permission or upon your request. Comments you voluntarily post on public forums such as our blog will, of course, be displayed publicly along with the name you submit and the time at which you submitted the comment.  
If you elect to use our referral services for informing a friend about our site, we ask you for the friend's name and email address. Trynbuy India will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Trynbuy India stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact Trynbuy India at to request the removal of this information from our database. How We Protect Your Information  
We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. The Site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to you information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access.  
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information and Preferences If you are a registered user, you may access and update your registration information and your preferences to receive email or other communications from us by sending an email to info@TrynbuyIndia.com. You may also update or change your personal information or preferences by sending email to info@TrynbuyIndia.com. We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request. While we make efforts to accommodate requests to restrict our use of your information, we reserve the right to delete all or any portion of customer information if we are not able to reasonably accommodate a requested restriction.

### Children's Privacy and Parental Controls

We do not solicit any personal information from children. If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use the Site. Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.

### Privacy Policy Changes

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy for the Site, we will post the revised Privacy Policy here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we may disclose it to anyone. Your continued use of the Site indicates your assent to the Privacy Policy as posted.
