> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saudiaramco.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171002175234id_/http%3A//www.saudiaramco.com/en/home/privacy-statement.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy statement

The Saudi Arabian Oil Company (“SAUDI ARAMCO”) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“SAUDI ARAMCO”) (Hereafter referred to as “SAUDI ARAMCO” or “we”) respect your privacy. We strive to be clear about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your Personal Information.

This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information that we collect about you through SAUDI ARAMCO website and subsequent written communications with you.

Any communications or material that you may post or transmit to Saudi Aramco over the Internet, the World Wide Web (WWW) or through any of our mobile applications is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary.

What Personal Information do we collect about you?

#### Information you provide directly

When visiting our website the visitor may provide us with Personal Information. This includes the following areas:

  * Vendor portal for suppliers
  * Supply services and supply materials
  * Register to supply materials
  * Application for a position
  * Submit a business inquiry



#### Information about your use of the website or other services we provide

In addition to the Personal Information you provide directly to us, we may collect certain information during your visit to an SAUDI ARAMCO website. The Saudi Aramco website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the SAUDI ARAMCO website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the SAUDI ARAMCO website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

#### Information from third party sources

We also may collect information about you from publicly and commercially available sources (as permitted by law), which we may combine with other information we collect when you visit an SAUDI ARAMCO site.

How do we use your Information?

We may use Personal Information we collect to:

  * manage our relationship with you
  * process an application that you filed through an SAUDI ARAMCO website
  * prevent and detect security threats, fraud or other malicious activity, as permitted by applicable law
  * provide visitor requested service
  * communicate with you about our products, services and support
  * update you on new products and services
  * provide personalized promotional efforts
  * answer inquiries; and
  * otherwise with your consent



To whom do we disclose your Information?

We will not disclose your information to third parties. However, we may disclose your information to the following entities:

**Affiliates** \- Your information may be shared among SAUDI ARAMCO affiliates. SAUDI ARAMCO affiliates are not all located in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia which means that information provided by you or collected and processed by SAUDI ARAMCO may be transmitted and transferred to outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and may be available in the [European Union](https://www.aramcooverseas.com/), the [United States](http://www.aramcoservices.com/Home.aspx), and [other jurisdictions](http://www.saudiaramco.com/en/home/about/global-presence.html) outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

**Service providers** \- We also may disclose your information to companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such as companies that help us with the recruitment process. These entities are limited in their ability to use your information for purposes other than providing services for us. We have appropriate contractual arrangements in place with these providers to keep your information confidential.

**Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services** \- There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties:

  * to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal process (such as a search warrant or other court order);
  * to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our services; and
  * to protect the rights, property, or safety of SAUDI ARAMCO or Saudi Arabia Oil Company, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, or customers.



**Other Parties in Connection With Corporate Transactions** \- We may disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger or transfer, or in the event of a bankruptcy.

**Other Parties with Your Consent** \- In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you consent to or request such sharing.

What do we do to keep your Information secure?

We have put in place reasonable physical and technical measures to safeguard the information we collect in connection with the Services. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.

#### International Transfers

Some of the entities with whom we share your information may be located outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We have put in place appropriate mechanisms to keep your data confidential.

#### Accessing your Personal Information

Under applicable data protection laws you may have the right to request details about the Personal Information we collect, and correct inaccuracies of this information. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical efforts or jeopardize the privacy of others.

#### Data Retention

We take reasonable steps to ensure that we retain your Personal Information only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or as required by any contract or by applicable laws.

#### Third-Party Links

Our website may link to third-party websites and services that are outside our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by websites or other services. You should exercise caution, and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use. 
