> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the poodwaddle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190515074220id_/http%3A//www.poodwaddle.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Poodwaddle

**  
_Privacy Policy_

_

Do unto others as you would have done to you.  
The golden rule makes a pretty darn good privacy policy. At Poodwaddle.com (and our sister site AskYuki.com) we value your privacy. We don't sell, use, or even ask for your personal info. We don't track your habits or tell your mommy what you have been up to. But, of course, there are situations where some non-personal data is gathered and stored for the sake of site operations... that is, for site functions such as saving your settings.

  
_User Info_

Like many other Web sites, Poodwaddle.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. We don't really use log files - they are automatically generated by our host - but we thought we would tell you anyway.

  
_Cookies_

Poodwaddle.com does not use cookies to store your info, but we do use flash cookies and local storage (similar to cookies in many ways). These essentially save your settings and preferences on your computer, not on our server. Other applets, such as the Message in a Bottle, do have to use server side databases to store the info you send. This info is never shared or used for any other purpose. We will never email you "special offers" or give your address to anyone else.

  
_Third Party Vendors (Ad Networks)_

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on poodwaddle.com. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.poodwaddle.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/) or by visiting [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/)

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use browser technologies to send your IP address and other data to their ad network. These technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) are then used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. Thus, if you travel to a foreign country you will see ads tailored for that location, and also to your own surfing habits.

Poodwaddle.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Poodwaddle.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browser's websites.

  
_Javascript_

Poodwaddle.com only works on a javascript enabled browser. If you have turned off javascript then the site will lose it's mind (literally), the menus will not show, and the world clock will stop ticking - basically the world will come to a screeching halt.

  
_

**
