> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the poolplayers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231214814id_/http%3A//www.poolplayers.com/legal/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**Effective January 8, 2008:**

  
We operate all American Poolplayers Association, Inc. (APA) branded URL, including without limitation our National Website, Local League Websites, and Member Website (collectively the “APA Website”).    
This Privacy Policy describes our use and sharing of Personal Identifiable Information (PII) — your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number that Users voluntarily provide to us when they register (also known as “Registration PII”). The Term “User” refers to a Visitor or a Registered User.  This Privacy Policy applies only to information that we collect from the APA Website. This Website Privacy Policy does not apply to other information that we may collect through other sources or from other means, including, without limitation, information that we may collect from any email messages and associated information that you may send to addresses published on the APA Website.   
The APA Website is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age.   
From time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of the Services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by us on the APA Website. When we do make changes to the Website Privacy Policy, we will change the "effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Services after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If we materially change our practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change.

##    
**COLLECTION AND SUBMISSION OF PII AND NON-PII**

**_General._** When we collect PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting Registration PII to us in order to register to become a Member of APA or a Registered User of the Services.  We may also collect PII from you if you choose to participate in Services activities, like sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us for review.   
In addition, we collect other non-PII including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type. This data is used to manage and improve the Services, track usage, and for security purposes.   
Services may allow Registered Users to choose to provide or store non-PII information in user profiles, including but not limited to date of birth, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom they are affiliated (schools, companies), videos and/or pictures, private messages, bulletins or personal statements (collectively “Profile Information”). The Profile Information in a Registered User’s profile is provided at his or her sole discretion.

**Cookies.** Cookies are small bits of information that we place on your computer. We use cookies to identify your Internet browser, store User preferences, and determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on Services. Data in cookies may be read to authenticate User sessions or provide services.  
Third party advertisements displayed on Services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers (known as “third party cookies”). We do not control these third party cookies and Users of the Services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.  A pixel tag is a tiny image inserted in a Web page and used to record the number and types of views for that page. We may allow third party pixel tags to be present on Services for purposes of advertising, providing services or data and statistics collection.   
You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on Services.

**Information Use and Sharing**  
We use PII for the purposes for which it was collected. For example, to the extent that we collect PII for membership registration, we will use such information in connection with, among other things, providing you with membership services which may include the creation of a membership directory which may be provided to others.   
In addition to using PII for the purposes for which it was collected, we may also use PII to send you publications, invitations and other marketing materials that may be of interest to you.   
We may share your PII with third parties including, without limitation, affiliated entities, and third parties performing services for or on our behalf (such as communications, event management, and/or marketing services).   
We may disclose PII when we reasonably believe that the law requires it, and/or when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to, or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally), our rights or property, other Users of the APA Website, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.   
We might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, PII may be one of the transferred business assets.   
We use non-PII to help us run and maintain the APA Website, study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the APA Website. We may also use such information for purposes of system administration, to improve the design and content of the APA Website, and/or to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We may disclose non-PII to third parties including advertisers, business partners, and sponsors, to analyze site usage and manage and improve our business relationships.   
Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Services may also carry advertisements from other companies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave Services via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you.  
We may periodically use your email address to send you such materials related to Services and APA Pool Leagues, events and activities.  If you want to stop receiving such materials from us, you can change your profile settings under “Account Settings,” or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.   
We may customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the APA Website, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-PII and/or Profile Information may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. We prohibit these companies from sharing your non-PII and/or Profile Information with any third party or from using it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by pixel tags, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with our advertisers and business partners.   
There may be instances when we may access or disclose PII, Profile Information or non-PII without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of APA, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the APA Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of all or a material part of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, we may transfer your PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

**Updating Your Information**  
If you want to change, correct, or update personally identifiable information you submit on our APA Website, please contact us as provided in the contact section below, and we will use reasonable efforts to make any necessary revisions. 

**Security**  
We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and any credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. Unfortunately, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems is not 100% secure. As a result, we do not ensure, warrant or guarantee the security or integrity of any information transmitted to us over the Internet or stored on our systems. 

**Contact Information**  
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Website Privacy Policy, please send an email to [the Webmaster](https://www.poolplayers.com/forms/website-feedback.html) . 

**How do I opt-out?**  
From time to time we have sponsors who may want to send you an offer or information based on the information you provide through your membership application. We may share our membership information with our sponsors for these purposes. If you would prefer to be eliminated from these lists, [**please fill in the opt-out form**](https://www.poolplayers.com/opt-out.html) located on this page and click "submit"; your name will be withheld from these particular lists.  Choosing to opt-out, however, does not eliminate you from the list that we may use on occasion for its own purposes.

For more information regarding online privacy and cookies, please visit the Electronic Privacy information Center at <http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies/>.  
Please direct questions and inquiries to [the Webmaster](https://www.poolplayers.com/forms/website-feedback.html) .
