> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sfstation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191209172918id_/https%3A//www.sfstation.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - SF Station - San Francisco City Guide

This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs the use and collection of information from you by SF Station’s products, software, services and websites (referred to collectively as the “Services” in this document). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other information you may provide us through other means (e.g., via mail, via telephone or at a live event).

This SF Station Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information you submit to us through our Services. This includes “Personal Information,” which is information about you that is personally identifiable such as your name, email address, user ID number, and other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing, as well as “Anonymous Information,” which is information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information and does not permit the identification of individual persons.

By accessing or otherwise using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and forms a part of the SF Station [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms). You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information and Anonymous Information according to this Privacy Policy.

Your Personal Information may be processed and stored in other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Your Personal Information will not, however, be used or disclosed for purposes for which you have not given consent or which are not permitted under applicable law.

Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the Services and we do not intentionally collect or maintain Personal Information from those who are under 13 years old. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. Thus, if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personal Information permanently from our databases. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 18 obtain their parent’s permission before submitting information over the internet. By using the Services, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old, or that you are at least 13 years old and have a parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services.

 **Traffic Data Collected**

Like most web sites, our servers automatically track and collect some or all of the following information when you visit our Website, including: (i) your IP address, (ii) your domain server, (iii) the URL being requested, (iv) the referring URL, (v) your type of computer, (vi) the browser type and operating system used to make the request, (vii) the date and time of the request, and (viii) source of any link (collectively, “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Services. Our Services use Traffic Data to help diagnose potential problems with our servers, to administer our Services and to report and collect aggregate non-personal information. We do not associate Traffic Data with records containing personal information and cannot use Traffic Data to retrieve personal information from your computer.

 **Cookies**

Our Websites use cookies to track individual site usage. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your internet browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used to help target ads on the site based on user behavior and cookies also remember deliberate action taken by the user on our Websites, such as logging into the Services. For example, our Services uses cookies to ensure that you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. You, through your browser preferences if your browser so permits, are free to decline our cookies, but in doing so may be excluded from some of our Services’ features. We therefore recommend, in order to maximize your user experience in regard to our websites, products and services, that you leave your browser preferences set to accept cookies.

 **Personal Information Collected**

Our Services may require registration for the use of certain features, products or services, and such registration forms request that you provide us with information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information we request includes some or all of the following: (i) your name, (ii) address, (iii) telephone number, (iv) gender, (v) birthdate, (vi) e-mail address, (vii) demographic information, and (viii) any other Personal Information that you may voluntarily provide to us but are not required to. We also provide you with the opportunity to advise you of site and newsletter preferences. If you communicate with us by email or complete online forms, any Personal Information provided in such communication may be collected by us.

We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of the Services, such as photos, videos, reviews, ratings and other information you choose to submit. We may also collect information about you and your friends who use the Services, from any social network you may have connected from, in order to provide you with a more personalized experience. For instance, we may collect your user ID or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through our Services in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and collections. When you purchase a Deal, you will need to submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal. When you sign up for, or win, any Giveaway, contests, sweepstakes, or other activities that we make available on the Services, we will collect the information designated along with such activity, which may include your contact information such as your address and phone number. If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we will collect your email address and other related information. Additionally, we collect any information that you voluntarily enter, including Personal Information, into any postings, comments, or forums within the Services.

 **Personal Information From Other Sources**

We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered, companies who we have partnered with (collectively, “Partners”) or other third parties. We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you.

 **Email And Email Addresses**

If you send an email to us, or fill out our contact or feedback form through our Services, we will collect your email address and the full content of your email, including attached files, and other information you provide. We may use and display your full name and email address when you send an email notification to a friend through our Services or the social network from which you have connected to our Services (such as in an invitation, or when sharing your content). Additionally, we use your email address to contact you on behalf of your friends (such as when someone sends you a personal message) or notifications from a social network or other website with whom you have registered to receive such notifications. We may use this email address to contact you, for things such as notifications of special offers, Deals, Giveaways and other related information. You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below.

We do not share Personal Information with advertisers or any other third parties, except in the following limited circumstances:

 **Consent**

In the event and to the extent we have your consent. In such cases, we will provide opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.

 **Affiliated or Trusted Persons**

We provide such information to our subsidiaries, partners, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We occasionally utilize trusted third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf. These authorized third parties may be given access to Personal Information in order to perform their designated function but are contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality and security of the Personal Information. Examples of such services include sending email, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments (including credit card payments), and providing customer service. We require our third-party service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us. Furthermore, such third parties are restricted from using or in any way altering data other than in accordance with their expressed contractual function.

 **Deals, Giveaways, Contests, Coupons and Surveys**

We may share data collected through Deals, Giveaways, Contests, Coupons and Surveys with our divisions, subsidiaries, partners, and affiliated companies. This will only apply to users who choose to participate in such Deals, Giveaways, Contests, Coupons and Surveys. We may share some or all of your Personal Information (other than credit card information) with Merchants whose Deals you have purchased for their commercial purposes and to provision the Deal. If you do not want us to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy, you may not use our Services.

 **Enforcement or Protection**

We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.

In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer’s assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties. You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein.

 **Generally**

We use your Personal Information to send you information about our company or our products or services, to respond to any inquiries you may make with us, or to contact you when necessary. We use your Traffic Data in order to assess future changes to our Services in order to enhance your experience on the Services. In the event you receive e-mail from us, you choose to opt out of receiving future mailing at any time by following the links provided therein.

 **Email Newsletters and Special Announcements**

We require your email address in order to sign up for our newsletter or special announcements. Your email may be shared and used by any of our divisions, subsidiaries, partners, or affiliates in connection with the newsletter or special announcement; however, such information will not be given or sold to any third parties.

 **Deals, Giveaways, Contests, Coupons and Surveys**

If you sign up to participate or become eligible for a Deal, Giveaway, Contest, Coupon or take part in an online Survey on any of our Services, we will ask for some Personal Information as it pertains to said feature or service. In such case, your Personal Information (a) will be used for the expressed purpose of that Deal, Giveaway, Contest, Coupon or Survey, including, for example, the notification of contest winners, (b) may be shared between our divisions in connection with that Deal, Giveaway, Contest, Coupon or Survey, and (c) may be shared with, and only with, the sponsor of said Deal, Giveaway, Contest, Coupon or Survey, except that if the Deal, Giveaway, Contest, Coupon or Survey has its own terms, and those terms conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy, the terms of the Deal, Giveaway, Contest, Coupon or Survey shall govern the use of the Personal Information collected.

 **Contact and Feedback Forms**

Some of our Services feature contact and feedback forms to assist users in directing their feedback to the correct party. If you send feedback to any of our Services and include a valid email address, we may reply to the user. The reply will be used to provide the user with additional information, answer a user question or direct the user to another source for information. Personal Information sent to any of our divisions will be kept confidential in accordance with this Privacy Policy and may be used in aggregate to help guide policy decisions at any or all of our divisions. However, we will freely use, and cannot guarantee the confidentiality of, any information that does not constitute Personal Information. Despite your indicated email marketing preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding our Services, including, for example, administrative and transactional confirmations, and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner. You agree that any such comments and any email we receive becomes our property. We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you.

 **Security**

We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information, no company, including us, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.

You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In the event you do not provide your Personal Information, while you can still access and use a substantial portion of the Website, you will not have access to certain portions of the Website, or to certain of our products or services. In addition, we will not be able to respond to any inquiry you may have. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us, you may select the appropriate “opt-out” option each time we ask you for Personal Information.

 **User Ability to Access, Update and Correct Personal Information**

In order to ensure that all of your Personal Information is correct and up-to-date, at any time you may visit your personal profile. Through your personal profile you may: (a) review and update your Personal Information that we have already collected; or (b) choose whether or not you wish us to send you information about our company or promotional material from our company.

 **The Ability Of Others To View Your Information**

Helping you to protect your information is a vital part of our mission. It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish. You understand that when you use our Services, certain information you post or provide through our websites, products or services such as your name, profile, comments, collections and reviews, may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of our Services, including without limitation, social media applications and other public fora in which you choose to participate. Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personal Information when posting comments or other information or content through our Services, this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others, including people outside the SF Station community. We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of the Services available to others, and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise.

You will note the presence of third party advertiser on our websites, products and/or services. In addition, from time to time these advertisers may post their own Deals, Giveaways, Contests, Coupons and Surveys or requests for registration. If you respond, in any way, to an advertiser tile, banner Deals, Giveaways, Contests, Coupons and Surveys or link on any of our Services, this Privacy Policy does not apply and you will then be subject to the privacy policy, terms, conditions and copyright policies of the advertiser’s website and governing policies, divisions or bodies. For example, we do not control how third party advertisers use cookies that originate from their own websites even if linked from one of our Services. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Services. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our Services and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

Some vendors such as Google use cookies to serve ads on our Services. Google’s DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/).

Our Services sometimes provides links and pointers to various websites maintained by other organizations. Our Services provide these links as a convenience to our users, but does not operate, control or endorse these outside linked sites unless otherwise expressly and duly noted. We are solely responsible for the Services owned and operated by SF Station. In addition, various partnered sites are governed under contractual agreements which incorporate this Privacy Policy. WE, ON OUR OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF OUR DIVISIONS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND CONTRACTORS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY OBLIGATION, RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE COLLECTION, USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION COLLECTED THOUGH ANY THIRD PARTY SITES. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THE PRIVACY POLICY CONTAINED ON EACH OF THE WEBSITES YOU VISIT.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Websites or your dealings with our Websites, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/).

This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revisions at our discretion, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we will post an alert on this. If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our Services. Continued use of our Services following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
