> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gc2018.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130408083514id_/http%3A//www.gc2018.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Gold Coast 2018

## Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Corporation (‘GOLDOC’)   
Privacy Statement

###   
1\. Agreement to the Terms of Use

  
Welcome to GC2018.com (the ‘Site’).  
1.1 This is the official website of the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games and is operated by the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Corporation (‘GOLDOC’).

1.2 GOLDOC’s privacy terms for the Site are incorporated into the Terms of Use Statement which apply to the website located at GC2018.com.

1.3 Please review our Terms of Use Statement which govern your use of the Site. Our Privacy Statement forms part of the terms of use of this Site.

1.4 If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not access or use GC2018.com.

### 2 . Your Personal Information

2.1 GOLDOC recognises and values the protection of your personal information. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to make you aware of what types of information we may collect about you and your visit to our Site and how we will use that information. This Privacy Statement is governed by the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (‘the Act’).

2.2 You can generally visit this Site for information and enjoyment without providing personal information.

2.3 There are times when personal information may be requested from you when you participate in certain activities on this Site, for example, when you contact us or subscribe to any interactive areas on the Site. This information will be voluntarily submitted by you.

### 3\. Statistical Data

3.1 We may collect statistical data during your viewing experience.

3.2 The statistical data we collect may include but will not be limited to your IP (Internet Protocol) address, information relating to which pages have been viewed, type of browser and operating system you are using.

3.3 This Site uses cookies which are used for a variety of purposes and stores visitor data. Cookies make using this Site easier by storing information about your preferences on the Site. Cookies will not identify you personally. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter your security settings on your web browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. By disabling the cookie function you may impede your ability to use parts of the Site.

### 4\. Personal Data

4.1 We may collect personal data from you on a voluntary basis.

4.2 The personal information we collect and which is freely submitted by you may include but will not be limited to name, nationality, contact details, user name and password at point of entry on the Site should these be required.

4.3 We may also conduct surveys or market research on user demographics, interests and behaviour and may seek information from you from time to time. These surveys will provide us with information that allows improvement in the types and quality of service offered to you and the manner in which those services are offered. Your participation in these activities will be voluntary.

### 5\. Your Responsibilities

5.1 The Terms of Use outline your obligations and responsibilities when using the Site. We may provide you with a username and password to access our Site. You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your username and password at all times.

5.2 Giving your personal information to us is optional but if you do not provide it we may not be able to contact you or give you access to certain benefits or promotions. By providing your personal information you are deemed to have consented to the use and disclosure of that information as outlined in this Privacy Statement.

5.3 Our Site is for the use of a general audience and not for children under 16 years of age. If you are under 16 you must obtain the approval of a parent or guardian before you send us any of your personal information. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under this age. It is the responsibility of parents and guardians to monitor the online privacy of children and to monitor their use of the Internet and the information they provide.

### 6\. Use and Disclosure of Information

6.1 We may use your information for the following purposes:

  * to ensure the proper function of the Site and to assess its usage;
  * for our marketing, planning, product development and research requirements;
  * for registration and to manage your account (if any);
  * to communicate with you;
  * to respond to your requests, questions, and comments;
  * to publish your reviews, posts or other content to the Site;
  * to notify you about special offers and products or services available from us or our participating partners;
  * to solicit information from you including surveys;
  * to resolve disputes or resolve problems;
  * to prevent prohibited or illegal activities;
  * to enforce our Terms of Use Statement; and
  * as may otherwise be described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.  
 



6.2 Your personal information may also be used or disclosed where:

  * we are required or authorised by law or if it is reasonably necessary to enforce the law;
  * the information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim;
  * there are reasonable grounds to believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health; or
  * you have given express consent to us for a prescribed purpose.  
 



6.3 We will not sell, distribute, rent, licence, disclose or reveal, share or pass personal information onto any third parties, other than in accordance with this Privacy Statement, and to those who are contracted to us to keep the information confidential.

6.4 Our services are hosted in Australia. If you are located outside of Australia, you consent to having any personal information you provide transferred and processed in Australia and subject to the laws of Australia.

6.5 We offer employment opportunities through the Site. We will keep the information you have submitted so that we can consider you for future job opportunities should your application not be successful unless you request us in writing otherwise. We shall only use the information you provide for the purposes set out at the point of collection or for purposes that are otherwise legally permitted.

### 7\. Sending information overseas

You consent to us disclosing your personal information to other third parties contracted to us located outside of Australia. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that such recipients respect the confidentiality of this information by abiding by equivalent privacy laws and regulations required in the relevant country located outside Australia.

### 8\. Security of your information

8.1 We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information collected from you that we use or disclose is accurate, up to date, complete and stored in a secure environment accessed only by our authorised personnel.

8.2 No information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. We will endeavour to protect your personal information but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from our online software. These activities are conducted at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will use our reasonable efforts to ensure its security.

### 9\. Third Party Services

9.1 This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this Site. This Site may contain links to other websites on the Internet. Please be aware that we are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices of other websites. Your link to any such third party site is entirely at your own risk.

9.2 We may provide your information to any third party that administers any facility, service or promotion operated through the Site who will be obliged to protection your information.

9.3 We may utilise third-party advertising services (e.g. Google) to display advertising. These third-party services may place a cookie on your computer for the purposes of ad tracking and presentation. We do not share personally identifiable visitor information with these advertising services.

9.4 Because we want to provide you with the best service possible, we would appreciate your comments about any external links at [info@goldoc.com](mailto:info@goldoc.com).

### 10\. Unsubscribing from our email database

10.1 You may unsubscribe from our email database at any time.

10.2 To unsubscribe from our e-mail database please follow the relevant link in any communication or send an end an e-mail to [info@goldoc.com](mailto:info@goldoc.com) with the following message typed into the body of the e-mail. The message you need to type or copy into the body of your e-mail is “UNSUBSCRIBE”.

### 11\. Access or update of your Information

11.1 You can always access the information and content that you provide to us. If the change to personal information impacts your access to the Site you will need to provide us with your details in order to edit your registration information.

11.2 If you wish to access or modify personal information that you have provided to us, you may do so through the Site.

### 12\. Merger or Acquisition

If the Site or GOLDOC is merged or acquired by another entity, personally identifiable information may be transferred to such entity as a part of the merger or acquisition.

### 13\. How to contact us

If you have any concerns or questions, please contact us by telephoning 61+ 7 5583 5800 or send any questions or queries via our email[ info@goldoc.com](mailto:info@goldoc.com)[.](mailto:info@goldoc.com)

  
We reserve the right to update the terms of this Privacy Statement without notice at any time.  
© 2013 Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Corporation. All rights reserved.  
Privacy Statement last updated 17/01/2013.
