> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ruba.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619095328id_/http%3A//www.ruba.com/us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ruba.com

This Privacy Policy covers the website www.ruba.com (the "Site"), which is owned by Ruba ("Ruba", "we" or "us"). Ruba will maintain your data as described in this Privacy Policy.

Your privacy is important to us. To demonstrate our commitment to our users' privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices.

This Privacy Policy is an integral part of our Site and cannot, in any way, be separated from the Users Agreement or from the usage or transaction process. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy in whole, you must not use the Site. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you can contact Ruba customer service by email at support@ruba.com.

In summary:

  * We will not collect personal information without your knowledge and permission;
  * We will not knowingly disclose your personal information to third parties, except as provided in this Privacy Policy;
  * We will allow you to view, correct or remove your personal information; and
  * We will take reasonable steps to protect the security of the personal information we collect from you.



## Consent

BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, AND/OR BY USING OUR SITE, YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW.

If you do not agree with these terms, do not provide any personal information to us. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, or if you choose not to provide us with any required personal information, we may not be able to provide you with services that can be offered on our Site.

## Eligibility

You must be 18 or over, or the legal age to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction if that age is over 18 years of age, to register as a Ruba member or to use the Site and Services. If you are under the applicable age, you can use the Site under the supervision of your parent or guardian who has agreed to the Terms of Service. However, you must be 13 years or older to use the Site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you do not qualify, please do not use the Site.

## Information that Users Provide to Ruba

### User Registration

When you become a ruba.com user, during the registration process you will provide us with requested information including your name, and email address, password, password validation, gender , and zip code. Your email and password are never displayed on the Site. This information is collected on the registration form for several reasons including: (1) to allow you to log in to your profile using a secret password so that you may fully utilize the services provided on the website, (2) to allow us, if necessary, to contact you for customer service, (3) to allow us to send you a confirmation email upon joining that makes it more difficult for third-party "spammers" to abuse our registration process.

### User Profile Information and User Submissions

In your user profile, you can choose to provide ruba.com with information such as where you live.. This information is publicly displayed in your profile.

### How We Use Your Information

There are two ways that you may use the Site:

As an Unregistered User, you may access publicly available information on the Site. Your activity may be tracked and when you view a specific page on the site, your view may be counted towards the aggregate views for that page.

As a Registered User, you may access publicly available information on the Site, build a profile on the site, and submit content on the Site. You may also vote, comment, add and send Content as described on the Site.

## Ruba: Choice/Opt-out

Our users are given the opportunity to opt-out of emails to which they have previously opted-in. This does not apply to emails that are automatically generated by the system (registration confirmation emails).

Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by typing unsubscribe in the subject line in a return email or by sending us an email at support@ruba.com. For emails, we also offer an opt-out mechanism for Registered Users on the Account page (My account). Or send a request to:

> Ruba, Inc.
> 
> PO Box 51823
> 
> Palo Alto, CA, 94303

## Links

Please be aware that we may have links to other websites on our Site that may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices or policies of such third-party websites. Ruba does not share the personal information we obtain from you with third parties at these websites.

## Ruba: Usage of Your Information to Enhance the Users Experience

### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer with information about your visit to a particular site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. Session ID cookies are erased when you close your browser and do not last beyond one visit to our Site. Session cookies help us keep track of information such as what date or restaurant you are searching for. A persistent cookie is a small file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. These cookies are used to remember items like your login information if you have selected for it to be remembered on your computer.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. If you reject the cookie, you may not be able to fully use the Site. In particular, session ID cookies are required to store relevant information as a user moves from page to page. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Site.

### Log Files

Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track general user movement (as a whole rather than as individuals), diagnose problems with our servers and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses and log files are not linked to personally identifiable information.

### Security

Ruba takes every precaution to protect your personal information. When you submit sensitive information via the Site, this information is protected both online and offline.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect your personal information offline. All of our user's information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our user's information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.

### Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information

If a Registered User's personally identifiable information (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address) changes or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate user's personally identifiable information. Registered Users can change your personal information on the User Profile (My Profile) page of our Site. Users can also email our customer support at support@ruba.com.

### Notification of Changes

If we decide to change our policies, we will add those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places on the Site we deem appropriate so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.

### Contact Information

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Support@ruba.com
