> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the styleever.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521132731id_/http%3A//www.styleever.com/index.php/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### Privacy Policy

**General Principles:**

Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We have accordingly developed this Privacy Policy to protect your personal information and keep it confidential. We do everything we reasonably can to protect your rights of privacy on systems and the Website controlled by us, but we are not liable for any unauthorised or unlawful disclosures of your personal and confidential information made by third parties who are not subject to our control, for example advertisers and websites that have links to our Website. You should take note that the information and privacy practices of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks, may be different from ours.We categorise information about you (collectively referred to as "Personal Information") as follows:

a) Profiling Information: Information which you provide when you register for a Service, which may include some or all of the following: - Information about your personal identity such as gender, marital status, age, preferences, likes and dislikes etc. - Your financial information such as your banking details and any information relating to your income and lifestyle levels; and - Your contact details such as your physical addresses, postal addresses, telephone and fax numbers and the like. - In the case of Facebook alligned services (if so opted by you), publicly available information of your friends, their likes and dislikes, etc.

b) Payment and Account Information: We maintain your payment account history in an encrypted form on secured servers for all billing information

c) Service Usage: Information about your navigation using our Services, for example the URLs of websites, which you visit and from which you request downloads.

d) Log information: Information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, date and time of request.

e) Transactional Information: Transactional history (other than banking details) about your e-commerce activities.

f) Correspondence Information: Content, information about your correspondents, and the destination/origin of common notifications between you and any other person using our Services, which include email communications, blog, chat room and discussion board communications, instant message communications, experts forum communications, faxmail communications, membership of mailing lists etc.

g) User IDs: Your usernames, passwords, email addresses and other security-related information used by you in relation to our Services.

h) Stored Information: Data either created by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our servers such as image files, documents etc. We only collect your Personal Information to conduct our business and to enable us to deliver and improve our Services. We do not, for any reason whatsoever sell your Personal Information to any third party or otherwise trade on it.

We will only disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we want to use it for any other purpose, we will obtain your prior written consent. If you decline to submit personal information to us, then we will unfortunately not be in a position to provide the Services to you. Any of your information which you provide when you use certain Services and are to an open, public environment or forum including (without limitation) any blog, community or discussion board, is not confidential, does not constitute Personal Information, and is not subject to protection under Privacy Policy. Since such public environments are accessible by third parties, it is possible that third parties may collect and collate and use such information for their own purposes. You should accordingly be careful when deciding to share any of your Personal Information in such public environments. Information, which is disclosed publicly, is also shared with our affiliates, third party service providers, sponsors of competitions etc. unless expressly stated otherwise. We are not liable to you or any third party for any damages that you or any third party may suffer howsoever arising from your disclosure of Personal Information in any public environment. You accordingly disclose information in a public environment at your own risk.

_**Right To Collect:**_

By accepting the Terms of Service you agree that we may collect and store your Personal Information as long as you use our Services subject to the limitations set out in this Privacy Policy.

a) We collect your Profiling and Account Information for the following reasons: (1) We need your identity details, contact details, banking information and account history to manage our relationship with you and provide Services to you. We would be using this information to help you find occasions to gift your friends, understand tastes of friends and identify gifts they might like, etc. This information could also be used for suggesting items that you might like on our website. We will only disclose this information as provided below. (2) We use certain of your information in an aggregated form to compile statistical and demographical profiles for our business and marketing activities. We may disclose such information about you, provided that the information is in an aggregated form that is not capable of being used or interpreted in such a manner as to identify you.

b) We collect and store your Service Usage and Transactional Information to: (1) Determine and verify the Service Charges payable by you and to administer our relationship with you. (2) Comply with any statutory or regulatory requirement. (3) Compile statistical and demographical profiles about you for our business and marketing activities and to customise our Services to you. While we are entitled to use such information about you for our own internal business purposes without limitation, we will only disclose it in an aggregated form which is not capable of being used or interpreted in such a manner as to identify you; and (4) Monitor your use of our Services for the purposes of ensuring compliance with our Terms of Service.

c) We collect and store your Correspondence Information and Personal Identifiers to: (1) Comply with our obligations under law; and (2) Monitor your use of our Services in order to ensure your compliance with our Terms of Service. Any Personal Information which we collect and which we may use in an aggregated format ensuring you are not individually identified is our property. We may use it, in our sole discretion and without any compensation to you, for any legitimate purpose including (without limitation) the commercial sale thereof to third parties. You may update your Profiling Information at any time on the website. You acknowledge and agree that in the interests of improving personalisation and Service efficiency, we may, under controlled and secure circumstances, share your Personal Information with our affiliates (an entity which is our subsidiary or holding company or a subsidiary of our holding company or an entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with us).

**General Exceptions:  
**

If we are required to intercept, disclose, monitor and/or store your Personal Information: (1) by law; (2) to conduct our business; (3) to secure our systems; (4) to enforce our own rights, we will do so in the manner as prescribed by law.

Such interception, disclosure, monitoring and storage may take place without your knowledge. In that case, we will not be liable to you or any third party for any damages howsoever arising from such interception, disclosure, monitoring and storage. In order to ensure that all our Users comply with the Terms of Service, we may monitor your Personal Information to the extent that this may be required to determine compliance and/or to identify instances of non-compliance. To ensure that the security and integrity of our Services are safeguarded, we may monitor your Personal Information. This monitoring may include (without limitation) the filtering of incoming and outgoing electronic data messages to identify, limit and/or prevent the transmission of spam, viruses and/or unlawful, defamatory, obscene or otherwise undesirable material or content. We may under certain circumstances procure an element of the Services from a third party service provider. To the extent that it may be necessary, and solely for the purposes of providing the Service to you, you agree that we may disclose to such third party any of your Personal Information that may be necessary for the procurement of services from the third party.
