> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seravia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101103163814id_/http%3A//www.seravia.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « About Seravia

## Privacy Policy

Seravia takes your privacy seriously and is committed to taking your privacy rights seriously. Seravia enforces a rigorous privacy policy to ensure the confidentiality of your personal and financial information. Please note that this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy) only applies to http://www.seravia.com and not to any other websites that you may access from the Site, each of which may have privacy policies that are different from this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is subject to and incorporated with Seravia’s [Terms of Use](http://seravia.com/terms/).  
  
**What this Privacy Policy Covers.** In order to provide you with our Services, we collect sensitive personally identifiable information about you, and information about your company or employees to meet your business needs and to generate legal documents. Our goal in collecting this information is to provide you with a smooth customized experience while using our Site. Information that we collect from you also includes information about your credit card when making a purchase, your business name and address(es), or information about the names of your company’s officers, directors, or employees. All capitalized terms that are not herein defined have the meaning as stated in the [Terms of Use](http://seravia.com/terms/).  
  
In addition to the information you submit, Seravia’s Site may gather certain anonymous information to help us understand how our Site is being used to improve your user experience. Seravia may automatically gather data including your computer’s internet protocol address and information about how you navigate our Site by using “cookies.” Cookies are small data text files which enable us to identify you. Cookies are used to provide you with a better user experience and allow our Site to run more smoothly. You may always decline cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our Site may not properly function if you choose not to enable cookies.  
  
If you are a registered user, Seravia: (i) may allow you to send a request to add co-workers or other authorized users to your account; (ii) may allow you to send them messages; and (iii) may collect their information that you use to contact them. We may also use your information to deliver certain Services, provide notices regarding Services you have purchased, and verify your authorization to use our Site.  
  
**Privacy Protection Measures.** Seravia protects your personal, business, and credit card information by using encryption software technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Moreover, Seravia only allows designated staff access to your information. Our employees have acknowledged and agreed to the confidentiality measures that we take to ensure the security of your information. We also use an authentication and authorization mechanism and require usernames and passwords to secure your information. Only users you authorize may have access to your information. If we are aware of any security breach of your personal information, we will notify you.  
  
Please understand that while we take careful measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee that all of your private communications and other information will never be disclosed in other ways not contemplated under this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we make no promises nor should you expect that your personal information will remain entirely secure from unauthorized access. We take no responsibility and will have no liability to you or to any third party for: (i) the loss, alteration, or destruction of your information; and (ii) any financial losses resulting from such loss of information, unless such loss, alteration, or destruction is the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Seravia.  
  
**Measures You May Take to Ensure your Privacy.** It is your responsibility to protect the use of your username and password. Keep this information in a secure place. If any of your information changes, it is your responsibility to reflect such changes in the appropriate place on the Site, or by contacting Seravia and notifying Seravia of your changed information. Seravia may provide a platform where you may post your comments or suggestions. Your posts will become available to the public. If you do not wish others to view the contents of your post, please do not make any posts. Also, if you suspect any party has accessed your account without your authorization, please notify us at [support@seravia.com](mailto:support@seravia.com) as soon as possible.  
  
**With Whom we Share this Information.** To provide you with various services, we may register your information with various county/state/federal agencies, whereupon your information may become public. For example, when helping you submit your application for a trademark with the United States Patent & Trademark Office (the “USPTO”), the USPTO will make public your names and addresses. Also, certain filings with various Secretaries of State may also become public, such as the information regarding your business name, address, and registered agent upon the filing of your incorporation document. The Secretary of State may make your information available to public consumers for a fee. Please understand that while we take measures to maintain the privacy of your information, we do not take responsibility for these third parties, and make no claims or guarantees as to how they use your information.  
  
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular area of the Site. Such information does not identify you individually.  
  
Seravia may also share your personal information within our organizations, with any subsidiary worldwide, or with authorized third parties such as financial institutions or governmental agencies. Seravia will comply with enforceable governmental investigations, and may as a result disclose your information. Seravia may also share your information to detect, prevent, or address fraud or any other security or technical issues. In the event of a merger or acquisition, or any sale of some or all of Seravia’s assets, your personal information may be transferred, but we will maintain and ensure the privacy of your personal information. We will never sell or otherwise transfer your personal information.  
  
**Notice to European Users.** The information you enter on our Site may be transferred from the European Union to the United States of America or to other jurisdictions which do not offer the same level of protection required in the European Union. Please understand that by using our Site, you provide your consent to transfer your private information to the United States of America or to other jurisdictions and that your information will be processed by servers located outside of the European Union.  
  
**Modification of Privacy Policy.** Seravia reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time and without any prior notice. Any changes will become effective immediately upon posting on the Site. You understand that it is your responsibility to regularly review the Privacy Policy, and that each time you access the Site, you are agreeing to the then-current Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy, do not use this Site.  
  
**Opting Out.** At any time, you may choose not to provide us with any sensitive business or personal information. You may be able to visit the Site, but please understand that we will not be able to process any order without your information. Seravia may also provide you with promotional announcements for savings, rebates, or product launches via email. If you do not wish to receive such notices, you may unsubscribe to such emails by following the instructions at the bottom of such email to opt-out.  
  
**The Privacy of Minors.** If you are under 18, do not use our Site. Seravia does not solicit or knowingly collect information from those under the age of 18.  
  
**Contacting Us.** If you have any privacy concern, please feel free to send us an email at [support@seravia.com](mailto:support@seravia.com). Please include your contact information, the name of your company web site or service, and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.  
  
**Retention of Records.** Seravia currently retains your information even after a period of your inactivity. The reason for this is because we may service your needs to access your legal documents, or to allow you to update or revise your Materials. However, please understand that Seravia is not under any obligation to re-provide Materials to you after you have been given access to download your documents. 
