> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the serverel.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181216083805id_/http%3A//serverel.net/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Serverel Dedicated Servers - Call 1-877-2HOST-ME Now!

## SERVEREL PRIVACY POLICY

Serverel is a company which is committed to the confidence of its clients. We do all our best to protect the data we collect for websites. We prevent data losses, network attacks and do other protecting actions. The first thing you should know when we collect and use information about you we do everything to protect your privacy.

All the statistical information we compile for your web site and personal information that we collect about you is considered confidential. Your usernames and passwords are your protection. Don’t tell anybody your username and password! We use the best tools of security mechanisms to protect the information from loss, disclosure, unauthorized access, alteration, misuse and destruction. These are limited access, firewalls and security analyzers using SSL encryption to protect transmission of data.

  1. **Introduction.** Serverel collects information from Visitors and Customers who use our Services and the network of Websites accessible through our Services. We guarantee that your information will be used primarily to provide a customized experience. We do not share information with third parties. But we can declassify this information in the case of your permission beforehand or when we believe that such declassify is necessary by law or other special cases described below.
  2. **Registration.** Clients should give reliable personal information signing up for our Services such as full name, telephone number, account information, address, and type of personal PC to access the Services. We need your personal information to successfully manage your member's account including billing process. All the information is secured and is not given to third parties (except cases in special circumstances written hereinbefore). However Serverel may provide personal information to its partners to increase of effectiveness of its Services. In this case partners may not use personal information in its own requirements. Serverel may create non-identifying profiles assigning profile number without using personal information to all its customers. In other words we can demonstrate non-identifying information to advertise our Services.
  3. **Domain Registration.** According to the law domain name registration information must be accessible to the public. It means that anyone can access it through "WHOIS" searches. This database is available to the public and contains the list of everyone who wants to register and domain name. We have a right to provide your domain name to the public. At times our clients may have been recorded to WHOIS database. However the SPAM doesn't send by Serverel on the score of publicity access.
  4. **Responses to Email Inquiries.** Serverel answer email requests of Visitors and Customers inquiries without sharing return email addresses with any third parties.
  5. **Special Cases.** Serverel does not share information with third parties but can declassify this information in cases written hereinbefore. However Serverel may provide the personal information of our Visitor and Clients and their use of Services and Websites through our Services if we believe that it's necessary to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to protect our Clients and Serverel from violating our Acceptable Use Policy or other user policies. Serverel can share the personal information in our sole discretion only in these cases.
  6. **"Cookies" and How Serverel Uses Them.** A "cookie" is a small data file placed on your hard drive when you visit Websites. We may collect and provide your cookies to improve our services or to manage our telecommunications networks. If you created your Personal Start Page we will use a cookie to save provide customizable and personalized services and to save your settings. We don't share your cookie with third parties. You may be required to accept cookies when you try to visit websites not appurtenant to Serverel.
  7. **Statistics.** To detect problems with our servers or to manage websites Serverel may use the information collected from statistics (for example your IP address). We also may use this information to make your purchasing experience more enjoyable. It's not connected with the personal information, except cases of preventing fraud.
  8. **Serverel's Commitment to Children's Privacy.** Serverel's policy comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. We protect children's privacy and our websites are age-appropriate for younger audience. We do our best for proper parental supervision. We recommend children to ask parents before sending personal information. 
  9. **Serverel's Commitment to Data Security.** All our Services and Websites being under our cover have good security. The information is under our control to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information. However Serverel can't guarantee that our security measures can safe from any "hackers attack".
  10. **How to Access or Modify Your Information.** Serverel offers Customers the opportunity to access or modify information provided during registration. To access or modify such information login to your Customer Portal. 
  11. **Exceptions.** Serverel may not give your personal information to third parties except cases when it's necessary in order to conform to the law or when we required by law, must comply with a legal process served on our web site. We may also need to provide your personal information to our partners, but we always ask you first and these cases are rare.
  12. **Revisions to This Policy.** Serverel has the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, our Acceptable Use Policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Any changes will be sent to client's email.



If you have any questions concerning the above policies, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/en/corporate/contact-us/).

* * *
