> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cmj.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212120058id_/http%3A//www.cmj.com/company/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CMJ.com: new music first

|  | 

### CMJ Network, Inc. Privacy Policy

  1. CMJ provides a variety of online services (“Services”) through its web site located at [www.cmj.com](http://www.cmj.com/ "CMJ: New Music First") (the “CMJ Site”).  Furthermore, the CMJ Site provides the opportunity for you to visit additional web sites with which CMJ has established an affiliation (collectively, the “Sites”).  Your privacy is important to us. As such, we will take all reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information. As part of the operation of the Sites certain information is gathered about those who visit and register to participate. Below are explanations regarding the type of information collected, what we do with it, and how you can correct or change the information gathered.
  2. **Automatic Data Collection.** The Sites may use cookies, which are small data files containing information about the user that are stored on the user’s hard drive. Some cookies are used to make your login to the site easier and to generally enhance your experience while visiting the site.  If you reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the Sites.  We may also collect click-stream data and assign unique identifiers to our users.  Information obtained with these technologies may be associated with personal information for registered users.  We may also use cookies in connection with targeting advertisements or promotions to specific users.  Those Marketing Partners whose products and/or services are promoted on the Sites may also use cookies or other technology, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their use of cookies and related privacy practices.
  3. **Optional Information.** In some instances you may, at your option, provide additional information, including personal and/or demographic information, to one or more of our Marketing Partners. In the event you elect to provide additional information to one or more of these parties, neither CMJ nor any of our third party providers can be held responsible for their data collection or privacy practices. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of other web sites that you may visit.
  4. **Aggregate Non-Identifying Information.** We may track and analyze non-identity and aggregate usage and statistical information from those who visit the Sites. We monitor incoming and outgoing traffic data in part to help diagnose and/or prevent problems with the Sites.  We may also use this data in part to assemble broad demographic information about participants in general. As a result of your visit to this site, ad server companies may also collect information such as your domain type, IP address and related click-stream information.
  5. We will NOT disclose any of your personally identifiable information without your permission except as noted under “Limits of Confidentiality.”  Personally identifiable information means your name, residence address, email address, telephone number or other information from which **** your identity may be reasonably ascertained.  Each and every offer you receive from us will provide you with the option of “opting-out,” or removing yourself from various databases. Once you elect to “opt-out,” you will no longer receive any offers from us. We will NOT sell, rent or otherwise distribute your personal information.
  6. **Limits Of Confidentiality.** As part of our day-to-day business activities, we may disclose certain information about you to other parties, principally: (1) our Marketing Partners; and (2) other parties who provide services to us. The circumstances under which we may properly disclose information to these parties is outlined below.  

    1. **Online Marketing Partners.** Many of the programs and promotions contained in the Sites offer you the opportunity to request additional information from our Marketing Partners. By requesting additional information, you give us permission to transfer your personal information as a means of fulfilling your request. These Marketing Partners have separate data collection and privacy practices and neither CMJ nor any of our third party providers can be held responsible for their data collection or privacy practices. In addition, we may utilize the services of one or more outside parties to facilitate the transmission of emails, advertisements, and/or other information. Such parties, service providers and/or their agents may have access to your personal information, however, these parties may NOT use your information for any purpose other than to facilitate your participation in a program in which you have elected to participate.
    2. **Marketing Partner Opt-In.** From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from our Marketing Partners. If you elect to receive such materials or special offers, we will be required to share your information with them. These Marketing Partners have separate data collection and privacy practices. Neither CMJ nor any of our third party providers can be held responsible for the data collection or privacy practices of these parties.
    3. **Message Boards.** CMJ reserves the right to reprint posts and commentary from registered users of CMJ’s message boards in print form in the CMJ New Music Report and/or CMJ New Music Monthly.
    4. **Third-Party Data & Data in the Aggregate.** We may match user information with third party data.  In addition, we may disclose aggregate user demographics (i.e. 45% of our users are female) in order to fully describe our services to prospective clients and marketing partners and for other lawful purposes related to enhancing our business.
    5. **Sale or Acquisition:** We may transfer, sell or assign information, including without limitation, personally identifiable information and other information concerning your use of the Sites to third parties in connection with a transaction involving the sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of CMJ.
    6. **Legally Required Disclosures:** Due to existing legal, regulatory and security regulations and requirements, we may be required, under certain circumstances, to disclose aggregate level and/or personally identifiable information about you. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit such disclosures to the following: where we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in response to a subpoena, warrant or other legal process; where reasonably required to do so in order to maintain, update or otherwise implement data security measures, equipment, technical operations and the like; or where reasonably necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities to preserve and/or enforce our rights. Further, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose your identification, name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company to third party agents as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity or behavior that may expose us to legal liability.
    7. The Sites are on a secure network and have security measures in place where necessary to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of information. CMJ, or one of our third party providers acting on our behalf, may occasionally need to send you messages pertaining to your use of the Services and you will not be able to “opt out” of receiving such messages.
    8. You may modify, correct, change, or update your personal records or cause your personal records to be removed from our database. You may change or modify information previously provided to us by contacting us at [customerservice@cmj.com](mailto:customerservice@cmj.com "Contact CMJ Customer Service").
  7. **Children’s Online Privacy Protection.** The safety of children is important to us. We will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age without prior parental consent and notification, which includes an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information. In the absence of prior parental consent, information received online will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for any other purpose. In an effort to insure parental consent, we require that all CMJ Rewards Program participants seeking to exchange “Points” for Rewards items have a valid credit card tied to a verifiable physical address. Further, if a minor seeks to redeem “Points” for a Reward item, we will notify the minor’s parents by email, telephone or letter in order to confirm the existence of parental consent.
  8. Please keep in mind that whenever someone voluntarily discloses personal information online, that information may be collected and used by others. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from outside parties. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information and passwords. We urge you to be cautious and responsible whenever online.
  9. We may, from time to time, amend this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion. By continuing to visit and participate on the Sites, following such change, you will be deemed to have agreed to such change(s). If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes, amendments or revisions to the Privacy Policy, you must cease using the Sites.
  10. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us at: [feedback@cmj.com](mailto:feedback@cmj.com "Send CMJ your feedback if you have questions.").



|    
---|---|---
