> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pricetapestry.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161125073332id_/http%3A//www.pricetapestry.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Price Comparison and Affiliate Data Feed Script Price Tapestry

## Privacy Policy

**Your personal information**

As a visitor to this website no personal information is requested or required. As a customer, any information that you provide to your chosen payment processing provider, including but not limited to your email address, may be made available to us subject to that payment processing provider's own terms and conditions of service and privacy policy. Any information that we receive will be used only for the purposes of providing the product to you and will not be shared with any other party.

**Our own use of cookies**

Cookies are text files placed on your computer by your browser. This website contains a discussion forum that requires cookies to be enabled in order to login and to persist your connection state. Otherwise, if you visit this website with cookies enabled you may receive: a) temporary cookies generated by the website software and content management system to optimise the browsing experience. These cookies contain no personally identifying information, and will be deleted by your browser automatically when it is closed down. b) a cookie that identifies the referring website, used for marketing analysis and to reward our affiliate partners. This cookie contains no personally identifying information, and will be removed after 90 days.

**Payment processing**

Third party payment processors handle all payments for purchases made from this website and offer those services under their own terms of service and privacy policy as will be made aware to you during the payment process.

**Advertising**

Third party vendors show advertisments for this website across the Internet, and in addition we utilise conversion tracking services provided by our advertising vendors in order to correlate sales with advertising activity. Our vendors may, at their discretion, utilise cookies in order to provide that service to us, subject to their own privacy policy. However, your use of this website will not be affected in any way if you choose to delete or not to accept these cookies. 

**Analytics**

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how our visitors use this site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of this website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website with cookies enabled, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
