> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pricespy.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229135814id_/http%3A//pricespy.co.nz/info.php%3Ft%3Dabout_cookies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Compare prices and do more with your money!

The internet offers the chance to collect information about site users. This information can be personally identifiable information or aggregated information. However, your privacy is important to us at PriceSpy and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we collect information and the use of that information.

This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to view, correct or change it.

[The Office of the Privacy Commissioner](http://www.privacy.org.nz/) provides further details of the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects personal information in New Zealand.

The information we collect

Pricespy Media Ltd operates the website [www.pricespy.co.nz](http://www.pricespy.co.nz/). As part of our operations we may gather certain types of information about the users of our website:

  1. Personally Identifiable Information.  
This is provided by you when you register for an account or services that we may offer. Examples of these services could include newsletters or events. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you choose not to provide it.  
  
  2. Aggregated Data.  
This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our website. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.



Who we share this information with

We will not share the information that we collect with any third parties apart from in the following circumstances:

  1. The aggregated data (not the personally identifiable information) may be shared with third parties such as advertisers or business partners.
  2. Your personally identifiable information may be shared with third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law.
  3. Only if your prior permission has been obtained (which we would usually do at the time of collection), we may share the information with specified third parties.



What else we do with personally identifiable information

We have collected this information in order to provide the best possible service to you while you are visiting our website. To this end we may use the information that you provide for the following purposes:

  1. To verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password or you are having login problems with one of our site services.
  2. To process any transactions that you might make on our site.
  3. To help provide any other services that you have requested.
  4. To offer the most relevant information suitable to you and your interests.
  5. For any marketing, promotional, publicity, marketing or market research that we might undertake.
  6. For any other purposes for which you have given permission.



What about cookies?

A cookie is a small text file that websites you visit may request to save on your computer. The cookie cannot access your hard drive and does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (e.g. Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (e.g. Microsoft Explorer or Firefox) and what domain you are accessing our website from. With this information we can do the following:

  1. Track traffic patterns to our site.
  2. Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
  3. Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.



At PriceSpy we use two types of cookies, persistent cookies and session cookies. Persistent cookies stay on your computer until either you manually delete them or they are deleted by the website. Session cookies delete themselves when you close your web browser. 

If you do not want to receive cookies, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our website.

We also use cookies to build market segments and target audiences based on user behaviour. The information is anonymous and used for targeted advertising. If you do not want such information to be saved, you can use the NAI Opt-out Tool to identify and replace advertising cookies. Visit the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp), NAI, website for more information and instructions. Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising, but it does mean that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.

What about our advertisers and business partners?

This Privacy Policy only relates to our website. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the practices of our advertisers or business partners. Our site may contain links to other sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party.

Opting in and opting out

You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our member services.

Can we change this policy?

In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will notify site users of any changes to the Privacy Policy.

Your right to access our information

[The Privacy Act of 1993](http://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/1993/0028/latest/whole.html) gives you the right to access and correct your personal information. To do so, please contact us at PriceSpy by [email](mailto:support@pricespy.co.nz). 
