> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pricegrabber.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-07-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000709075507id_/http%3A//www.pricegrabber.com/info_disclaimer.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PriceGrabber.com - The Smart Place to Start your Shopping

At PriceGrabber.com, Corp. we strive to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. You can visit our web site(s) without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. If you subscribe to various services, we may need additional information from you, such as your name, e-mail address, zip code, and other optional only personal demographic information. We will always let you know before we collect any such information. At no time will your personal information ever be viewed by a third party. Demographic information is compilled and aggregate numbers are used only to help our advertisers. As you visit our site(s), our web servers collect statistical information regarding what pages you're visiting, the date and time, how long it took to download the page and your TCP/IP address. Absolutely no personal data are maintained in these logs. This information is useful to us in maintaining a high quality site, as well as providing necessary traffic information to our advertisers. PriceGrabber.com, LLC. site(s) contain links to other Web sites. PriceGrabber.com, Corp. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. PriceGrabber.com, Corp. site(s) contain cookie technology, which is used to provide custom information to you. For example, we utilize a cookie in the BottomLinePrice feature to store the zip code that you are using to track shipping and tax information. PriceGrabber.com works with a third party that serves ads to this site. To find out more about how Engage Media manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please [Click Here for more info.](http://www.flycast.com/about_us/about-privacy.html)
