> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the primarygames.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021207195642id_/http%3A//primarygames.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PrimaryGames.com - Privacy Statement

**       
PrimaryGames.com **has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: [PrimaryGames.com](http://www.primarygames.com/)

#### Information Automatically Logged

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.  We use this information to help us design a website that is targeted to the interests of our visitors.

#### External Links

This site contains links to other sites. **PrimaryGames.com** is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

#### Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. 

#### Children's Guidelines

We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:

  1. We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
  2. We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
  3. When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
    1. Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
    2. Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
    3. Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
  4. We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
  5. We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
  6. We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
  7. We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
  8. We will encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online.



#### Choice/Opt-Out

This site gives users the opportunity to subscribe to our mailing list.  The mailing list is used to tell users about new additions to our site and to inform users of products they may find interesting.  The mailing list is opt-in only.  Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us .

  1. You can send email to [listmanager@burstmail.com](mailto:listmanager@burstmail.com) with " **unsubscribe PrimaryGames.com** " in the body of the message.
  2. Or, you can submit your email address in the box below to be removed from the list:  


|      
---  
  
|  I don't want to be on the **PrimaryGames.com** mailing list any more!  
---  
  



#### Data Quality/Access

This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:

  1. You can send email to [webmaster@primarygames.com](mailto:webmaster@primarygames.com)



## Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:  


[webmaster@primarygames.com](mailto:webmaster@primarygames.com)

* * *

Generated by [Privacy Wizard](http://privacy.linkexchange.com/)
