> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the printablecouponsanddeals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150906020626id_/http%3A//printablecouponsanddeals.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Printable Coupons and Deals – Privacy & Disclosure Policy

**Our Privacy Policy**

The privacy of our visitors to PrintableCouponsAndDeals.com is important to us.

At PrintableCouponsAndDeals.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit PrintableCouponsAndDeals.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

Log Files  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

Cookies and Web Beacons  
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements on PrintableCouponsAndDeals.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

DoubleClick DART cookies  
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting <http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx>

You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.

Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.

AdSense and General Privacy Policy Provided by JenSense

**Our Disclosure Policy**

This blog is a sponsored blog created or supported by the company that owns it. For questions about this blog, please contact PrintableCouponsAndDeals.com.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by or for a third party ad network. Those advertisements may be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog are not compensated to provide opinions on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider. This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

Changes to this privacy policy  
PrintableCouponsAndDeals.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your acceptance of these terms  
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of the terms.

To get your own disclosure policy, go to <http://www.disclosurepolicy.org/>
