> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the printfection.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140429155520id_/http%3A//www.printfection.com/help/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Printfection

#### Effective February 22, 2010

Printfection.com values its customers and the privacy of our customers’ Personally Identifiable and Non Personally Identifiable Information (collectively “Personal Information”), and recognizes that our customers may be concerned about how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information. Therefore, we have implemented the following Privacy Policy to govern our use of our customers’ Personal Information. By using the Web Site and the Services, you are accepting the practices and activities as described in this policy. Any questions concerning this policy or the use of Personal Information may be directed to privacy@printfection.com.

## Types of Information Collected

Personally Identifiable Information. We collect certain personal information you provide to us including but not limited to your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card number or other financial information.

Non Personally Identifiable Information. By visiting the Printfection.com website we also collect certain Non Personal Information. This is generalized information and cannot be used to easily identify you personally. Such information includes but is not limited to your IP address, your ISP, your browser type, and your operating system.

User Supplied Content. You post User Supplied Content (as defined in the Printfection[ Terms of Service](http://www.printfection.com/help/terms-of-service/ "Terms of Service"), [Store Owner Agreement](http://www.printfection.com/help/store-owner-agreement/ "Store Owner Agreement"), and [User Supplied Content Policy](http://www.printfection.com/help/user-supplied-content-policy/ "User Supplied Content Policy") on the Web Site at your own risk. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your User Supplied Content; including but not limited to your stores, sections, products, image sets, and images; please be aware no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee the User Supplied Content you post on the Web Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Web Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Supplied Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users, including but not limited to Application Developers (as defined below), have copied or stored your User Supplied Content.

Any improper collection or misuse of information provided on Printfection is a violation of the Printfection [Terms of Service](http://www.printfection.com/help/terms-of-service/ "Terms of Service") and should be reported to privacy@printfection.com

By using Printfection, you are consenting to have your personal information transferred to and processed in the United States of America.

## Methods of Collection

Printfection.com collects your Personal Information in several different ways.

Providing Information to Us. For example, when making a purchase we collect your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number. If you create a Store Owner account we collect your name, e-mail address, tax identification number, and other information we require during the signup process. If you open a storefront, we collect the information you provide to us. If you request an API key, we collect the information you provide on the application. If you add Platform Applications to your account, we collect this information. If you sign up for a newsletter we collect your e-mail address. If you sign up for our message boards, we collect your chosen user ID and e-mail address.

Communicating With Us. If you communicate with us regarding the Website or Services, we collect any information you provide us in any such communication.

Analytic and Reporting Technologies. We also employ commonly used analytic and reporting software technologies to collect certain Non Personally Identifying Information such as your IP address, your ISP, your browser type, your operating system, your clickstream patterns, the URL of the website you visited before coming to Printfection.com, the amount of time you spent on our site, and the pages you viewed while on our site.

## Use of Personal Information

Personally Identifiable Information. Personal information is mainly used for Printfection.com’s own internal purposes in order to provide the Services to you including but not limited to producing and shipping products to you, processing orders, customer service issues, maintaining and improving the Printfection.com website, and providing Printfection.com newsletter services.

Non Personally Identifiable Information. Printfection.com uses Non Personally Identifiable Information to track and analyze the usage and performance of the Web Site and Services. Printfection.com uses this information internally to assist in determining changes and/or upgrades to the Web Site, whether to add or discontinue specific products or services, and for internal market analysis purposes.

## Disclosure of Personal Information

In general, we do not disclose Personal Information to third parties without your prior consent. However, we reserve the right to do so in certain limited situations as identified below:

Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers. In the course of providing you the Services, we may at our option use third party service providers to provide some or all of the Services you may request in your use of the Web Site. Example of this include but are not limited to the use of third party vendors to create the products sold to you, to host the service at a co-location facility for servers, to send out e-mail updates about Printfection, or to process payments by you (or your customers in the case of a Store Owner) to Printfection.com. We make all commercially reasonable efforts to make sure that these third party vendors use your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to provide the Services to you. However, we cannot guarantee that a third party vendor will not disclose your Personal Information.

Disclosure to Store Owners. If you attempt to purchase a product from a Store Owner, we may share some of your Personal Information with the Store Owner, including but not limited to your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, and the items you purchased. We will not disclose your credit card number or other financial information. In our contracts with Store Owners, we require them not to use or disclose this information except for internal business record keeping purposes and their own marketing purposes only. Store Owners may use your Personal Information for marketing purposes only if you have affirmatively opted to receive such marketing materials when you place your order. While the Store Owners are contractually obligated to only use your Personal Information in these limited circumstances, we cannot guarantee that every Store Owner will comply with this obligation.

Disclosure to Platform Applications. If you use any third-party applications developed using the Printfection Platform (“Platform Applications”), those Platform Applications may access and share certain information about you with others according to your privacy settings. Examples of this include but are not limited to your stores, sections, products, product images, image sets, images, and designs. You may opt-out of the sharing of some or all of your information through Platform Applications at any time by clicking the “edit settings” link on the [my applications](http://www.printfection.com/account/secure_login.php?access_denied=1&redirect=/account/applications.php "Terms of Service") page in your account. In addition, third-party developers who have created and operate Platform Applications (“Platform Developers”), may also have access to the same information as the Platform Applications if you permit Platform Applications to access your data. Before allowing any Platform Developer to make any Platform Application available to you, Printfection requires the Platform Developer to enter into an agreement which, among other things, requires them to respect your privacy settings and strictly limits their collection, use, and storage of your information. While we have undertaken technical and contractual steps to restrict possible misuse of such information by Platform Developers, we cannot guarantee that every Platform Developer will abide by such agreements. Please note Printfection does not screen or approve Platform Developers and cannot control how such Platform Developers use any personal information that they may obtain in connection with Platform Applications. In addition, Platform Developers may require you to agree with their own privacy policies, terms of service, or other policies, which may give them additional rights or impose additional obligations on you. Please make sure to review these terms and policies carefully before using any Platform Application. If you suspect abuse or misuse of information through the Printfection Platform, you can report the abuse by contacting us and we will investigate any such claim and take appropriate action against the Platform Developer up to and including terminating their participation in the Printfection Platform and/or other formal legal action.

Disclosure to Other Third Parties. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information to protect or enforce Printfection.com’s rights, or the rights of a third party, to prevent an emergency, or as may be required by law, including but not limited to, complying with subpoenas or a court order.

Successors in Interest. We may also disclose your Personal Information to any successor in interest to our company, including, but not limited to any third party company that may acquire or merge with Printfection, LLC. In the event of a merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Printfection, LLC, your Personal Information will most likely be part of the transaction. If such a transaction happens, we will notify you by the methods listed in the [Terms of Service](http://www.printfection.com/help/terms-of-service/ "Terms of Service") concerning the transaction and the transfer of your Personal Information.

Disclosure of Non Personally Identifiable Information. We may disclose any Non Personally Identifiable Information we collect to our strategic business partners, Platform Developers, potential business partners, investors, advisors and customers. This information is usually disclosed in terms of aggregate numbers. Since the information cannot be traced back to you directly, you may not “opt out” of our use of the information.

## Security of Personal Information

We employ commercially reasonable technology and systems to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, sensitive information such as credit card numbers or social security or taxpayer ID numbers are transmitted to us in an encrypted format using secure socket layer technology. However, no protection methods are 100% secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the 100% security of your Personal Information. We are not responsible for any disclosure of Personal Information due to any errors in transmission of your information, or any unauthorized third party access or any other acts by third parties, or any acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.

## Public Nature of Certain Website Content

Certain Services provided by Printfection.com now or in the future may be accessible by the public. These include, but are not limited to, message board postings, user profiles and Store profiles. We are not responsible for third parties uses of any Personal Information contained in these public disclosures.

## The Use of Cookies

Printfection.com uses “cookies” (small files placed on your hard drive) for several different purposes. First, we use cookies to create a more personalized shopping experience. These cookies record and track your use of the website including, but not limited to, the contents of your shopping cart and your prior uses of the Web Site. Secondly, we use cookies to help identify you and reduce the number of times you need to sign-in to the Web Site. Most cookies are session cookies, meaning they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. Our use of cookies does not track or otherwise utilize any of your Personal Information. You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the Web Site that we do not control. For example, Store Owners may place 3rd party cookies on the pages they control, please consult the privacy policy for each individual Store for more information on their particular usage of cookies.

## Receipt of Marketing Materials

You may “opt out” from receiving marketing materials from us and/or Store Owners at the time you are providing us with the Personal Information. For example, when purchasing products from us you will have the opportunity to decide whether you want to receive additional promotional materials from us and/or Store Owners in the future. If at any time you wish to discontinue receiving promotional materials from Printfection.com, please follow the instructions for removal contained on the most recent communication from Printfection.com, email privacy@printfection.com, or write to Customer Service, 3700 Quebec St, Unit 100-136, Denver, CO 80207. We also offer you the ability to unsubscribe from certain communications through your account control panel. Should you wish to discontinue receiving promotional materials from a Store Owner, please follow the instructions for removal contained on the most recent communication from the Store Owner, or contact the Store Owner directly.

## Information Concerning Children

Our services are only for those adults and children over the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. We will affirmatively delete any information which we have knowledge came from or pertains to a child under the age of 13. Children between the ages of 13 and 18 may use our Web Site and Services only under you parent or legal guardian’s supervision. If you are a parent or Legal guardian of a child between the ages of 13 and 18 and you do not want your child’s personal information in our records, or do not wish to receive communications from us please contact us by emailing privacy@printfection.com, or write to Customer Service, 3700 Quebec St, Unit 100-136, Denver, CO 80207

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

Printfection.com reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy in its sole discretion from time to time. Notification of the changes to the privacy policy shall be made in accordance with the [Terms of Service](http://www.printfection.com/help/terms-of-service/ "Terms of Service") for the Web Site. If you receive a notification of a change in this Privacy Policy, you must review the policy prior to your continued use of the Web Site and the Services. Your continued use of the Web Site and the Services after notification of a change to this Privacy Policy shall constitute your affirmative acceptance of any such change.
