> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the privatecamz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090206110820id_/http%3A//private.camz.com/ppolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Private Policy

## Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. We do not give, sell or rent your personal information to third parties for any reason without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and subdomains of www.CAMZ.com (the "Site"). By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use or access our Site. 

  1. **A Special Note About Children.** Children (persons under the age of 18, and in some cases 21, where applicable) are not eligible to use our Site and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us.
  2. **Information We Collect.** Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary to achieve that purpose. You can use the Public area of our Site without providing us with any personal information. If you choose to use our Members Area, we require you to pay a fee which may be through a third party billing company. Information that you provide in the transaction with the third party billing company is subject to the Privacy Policy of that company as well as this Privacy Policy. You always have the option not to provide information by choosing not to join our Members. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our site. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of our site that are placed by third parties. For example, if you view a web page created by a user, there may be a "cookie" placed within that web page. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters we may collect such information into a file specific to you. If you provide personal information directly to other members or users, we have no control over that information and you do so at your own risk.
  3. **Our Use of Your Information.** We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve disputes, and troubleshoot problems. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. You agree that we may use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize our site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs. You agree that we may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. You expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications by clicking on the link at the bottom of emails we send.
  4. **Our Disclosure of Your Information.** As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. Legal Requests. .com cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your User ID, name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
  5. **Control of Your Password.** You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, including fees. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your WEBSITE password to any third parties. If your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. 
  6. **Other Information Collectors.** Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since WEBSITE.com does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
  7. **Notice.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. All changes to this policy are effective after we post the changes on our Site.


