> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pewinternet.org privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100612164823id_/http%3A//www.pewinternet.org/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life Project

The Pew Internet & American Life Project respects the privacy of users who visit its site. We do not collect names, address, phone numbers or any other information by which we could identify you personally. When a visitor requests pages at the Pew Internet Project site, our Web servers automatically recognize the browser's domain name, and IP address. Our servers do not record e-mail addresses. We collect the domain names and IP addresses in order to aggregate information on what pages users access or visit. This information is collected solely for statistical and routine system maintenance purposes and is not used to identify individuals. If you choose to email us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, we will not use the information for any purpose other than to respond to your inquiry. All researchers wishing to access the Pew Internet Project data sets will be required to register with their contact information. We collect this information solely for the purpose of contacting scholars who have accessed a particular data set in the event that errors are discovered in the data. The information collected will not be used for any other purposes, ever. This site contains links to other sites. Pew Internet Project is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. If you have any questions or comments about our website or privacy policy, please contact [webmaster@pewinternet.org](mailto:webmaster@pewinternet.org). 
