> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 5000bc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231205051id_/http%3A//www.5000bc.com/our-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy - 5000bc

Privacy Policy 5000 B.C.

5000 B.C.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. 

By visiting 5000 B.C..com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. This is the hard nosed version. There is also a 'Care, Guidance and Protection' policy that we follow, which is the overriding ethos of 5000 B.C. 

What Personal Information About Customers Does 5000 B.C.com Gather?    
The information we learn from customers and subscribers helps us personalise and continually improve your learning & sales experience at 5000 B.C..com. Here are the types of information we gather. Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. The subscribe page that linked to this window has examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customising future product sales offers for you, improving our services, and communicating with you. Information from Other Sources: At this point, we receive no information from other sources. 

What About Cookies?   
• The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, we keep our cookies on, and we recommend you do too. It helps you to access features that you may not have access to, if it is turned off. 

Does 5000 B.C..com Share the Information It Receives?    
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses. We provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. While we make every effort to give you the best advice we can, we indemnify ourselves against any change in policy or tactics of our partners. You are requested to do your own due diligence, if you should have any doubts. 

• Agents:We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, analysing data, processing credit card payments, and organising workshops. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.   
  
• Business Transfers:As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that 5000 B.C..com, some or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.

•Protection of 5000 B.C..com:We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; or protect the rights, property, or safety of 5000 B.C..com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice. • With Your Consent:Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.    
  
How Secure Is Information About Me?   
• Only authorised directors of 5000 B.C. Ltd., have access to the information that you give us when you subscribe or become a member. NO ONE ELSE has access to this information and it will never be sold or rented. 

Children    
5000 B.C.com does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use 5000 B.C..com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. 

* * *

  
Address: PO Box 36461, Northcote, Auckland, New Zealand   
Phone: +64 (9) 449 0009   
Mobile: +64 (21)236 1415   
© 5000 B.C. A subsidiary of [PsychoTactics Ltd. ](http://www.psychotactics.com/)
