> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130321074540id_/http%3A//www.seic.com/enUS/93.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SEI - Privacy Policy - US

## Last modified: March 2011

_Note: The following privacy policy applies to data collected on SEI Web Properties that do not require account authentication or the submittal of/access to confidential account information. It does not apply to SEI client sites or services that do not link to this statement or that have their own privacy statements._

We recognize the importance of respecting your information and maintaining confidentiality.  SEI Web Properties collects and uses your personal information to deliver the services you have requested. Uses may include making the sites easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; performing research and analysis aimed at improving our services; and displaying content customized to your interests and preferences. We know you may be concerned about what we do with the information you provide us. You have our assurance that we are committed to safeguarding your data and maintaining your privacy online and we do not sell your information to third parties, unless we have your prior written consent or are required by law to provide such information. 

We may collect information during your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with SEI Web Properties. We also collect certain standard information that your Web browser sends to every Web site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type, access times and referring Web site addresses. In addition, if you wish to receive information from SEI, you will be asked to provide personal information, such as your email address, name, address and telephone number.  We may also collect demographic information, such as your zip code, preferences and interests.  If applicable, we have ensured that third parties with whom we contract to assist us in providing services have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of your data. Such service providers will only have access to your data as is necessary and are prohibited from any unlawful use of your data.

We periodically also forward to your attention educational information, as well as material pertaining to our products and services that might be of interest to you. When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from SEI Web Properties, we may use Web beacons, customized links, or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and on which links you click, in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information in the future. You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from SEI by following the specific instructions set forth in any promotional e-mail you receive from SEI. You may also have the option of proactively making choices about the communications you receive from particular SEI Web Properties or services. 

SEI welcomes online feedback and provides various services whereby such information can be made available to users of SEI Web Property services, such as but not limited to article ratings and comments. Any communication transmitted to SEI Web Properties or services, or otherwise provided to SEI ("Submission") is understood by both parties to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. SEI has no obligation with respect to any Submission and may freely copy, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, or use such Submission as it wishes. Submissions that are violent, obscene, threatening, defamatory, libelous, or violate the law in any way, are prohibited. 

This site uses cookies (files sent by us to your computer) and may store information about you, which we can access when you visit our site. We do this in order to assist in pre-filling forms (so you don’t have to enter the same information twice), as well as direct to you to the last SEI regional site you visited, among other things. 

You can accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser settings. To do so, refer to the instructions for your file management software. Our cookies will include the file name “@www.seic.com”. By deleting or declining cookies, you may not be able to use some interactive features or access certain areas of the site that depend on cookies. 

SEI is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. 

Personal information collected on SEI Web Properties and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which SEI or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents maintain facilities, and by using a SEI Web Property or service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. 

**See also:**[ **Terms of Use**](https://web.archive.org/enUS/1318.htm)
