> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seikousa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130327213324id_/http%3A//www.seikousa.com/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | SEIKO CORPORATION OF AMERICA

Protecting one’s privacy is of paramount importance to SCA. SCA has developed a policy recognizing and protecting the privacy of consumers and retail customers who browse SCA’s [www.SeikoUSA.com](http://www.seikousa.com/) website for its Seiko watch brand. SCA has established the following Website Privacy Policy to protect “customer identifiable” information consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws. SCA Protects Online “Customer Identifiable” information as follows” 

SCA acknowledges that the growth on online services, including internet services, has created additional privacy concerns, especially for consumers. Such concerns primarily focus on the protection of “customer identifiable” information, which individual or retail customers reasonable expect to be kept private. “Customer identifiable” information is that information, which can be associated with a specific individual or entity (for example, a customer’s name, address or telephone number, email address and certain information about online activities that are directly linked to them). 

We collect customer identifiable information in order to conduct business and provide products and services that interest you. SCA may collect customer identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number etc.) at this website of in the course of responding to consumer/retailers inquires about our products and/or requests for product serving. SCA will collect and use customer identifiable information for billing purposes to anticipate and resolve problems with product servicing or to inform you of products of services that better meet your needs. While SCA may user your “customer identifiable information” together with information obtained via other sources, to market new products and services, which SCA considers may be of interest to you, SCA will not disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who may want to market other products or services to you. Online customers are asked to provide various identifiable information in connection with warranty registrations, sweepstakes or questionnaires, or when using the store locator. In addition, if you contact us with an inquiry, you are voluntarily releasing to us all the information with in your messages. 

SCA uses appropriate technologies to safeguard Customer Identifiable Information. 

  


Disclosure. SCA will not sell, trade or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from a consumer or retail customers use of an SCA website without the written consent of there consumer or retail customer as the case may be (except as may be required by law, court order, or to cooperate with a law enforcement request or in connection with a lawsuit). Also, when SCA utilizes other agents, contractors or companies to perform services on its behalf, SCA will seek to ensure that the company agent will protect your customer identifiable consistent with this Policy. In the event SCA includes your name, address and any other customer identifiable information in a directory that SCA creates for its Authorized dealers, etc., SCA will give you the opportunity to have your information excluded from the directories. In order to have your information excluded from the directories you may instruct us to do so, by sending an email to SeikoInfoNetwork@seikousa.com or providing us with written notification addressed as follows: SEIKO Corporation of America, 1111 Macarthur Blvd, Mahwah, NJ 07430, Attention: Marketing Department. Business directories that SCA creates may contain information obtained other sources, such as retail stores, in addition to any information collected at our website. Please be aware the SCA cannot remove your “customer identifiable” information from any directory that has been circulated to our Authorized dealers in hard copy form. 

Customer Choice. A consumer or retail customer may choose not to receive direct marketing communications for SCA either by sending and email to SeikoInfoNetwork@seikousa.com or providing us with written notification addresses as follows: SEIKO Corporation of America, 1111 Macarthur Blvd, Mahwah, NJ 07430, Attention: Marketing Department. If you opt out from receiving messages from us, SCA will not contact you directly with marketing messages. A customer may also choose not to receive such messages by telephone. If you choose to opt out from receiving information from SCA and later change your mind, simply send us an email or written notification to the email address or mailing address referred above to request inclusion of you contact information back into our database. 

Changes to this Policy. SCA reserves the right to make changes to this policy in the future. If we change this Policy in any material way, we will post the revised version at this website and will include a new “last revised” date at the top of the page. We encourage you to check this page periodically to stay current on any changes to the policy.

Page Top
