> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aetv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616013346id_/http%3A//www.aetv.com/corporate_privacy_policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CORPORATE PRIVACY POLICY

**CORPORATE PRIVACY POLICY**

**Last Updated:** November 21, 2006

**A &E Television Networks — Privacy Policy**

A&E Television Networks ("AETN", “we”, “us”) can be reached via fax at (212) 907-9497, Attn: Interactive Media-Privacy Policy Feedback, or via email at [feedback@AETV.com](mailto:feedback@AETV.com).

AETN supports a general policy of openness about personal data collection and use. We have adopted and implemented this privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") as part of our commitment to protecting your personally identifiable information from misuse.

This Privacy Policy applies solely to our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the following sites: [www.aetn.com](http://www.aetn.com/), [www.aetv.com](http://www.aetv.com/), [www.aetvtravel.com](http://www.aetvtravel.com/), [www.biography.com](http://www.biography.com/), [www.biographyclub.com](http://www.biographyclub.com/), [www.biographychannel.com](http://www.biographychannel.com/), [www.bornonthisday.com](http://www.bornonthisday.com/), [www.historychannel.com](http://www.historychannel.com/), [www.historyinternational.com](http://www.historyinternational.com/), [www.hottigotti.com](http://www.hottigotti.com/), [www.mysteries.com](http://www.mysteries.com/), [www.originalavengers.com](http://www.originalavengers.com/), [www.saveourhistory.com](http://www.saveourhistory.com/), [www.shopaetv.com](http://www.shopaetv.com/), [www.thisdayinhistory.com](http://www.thisdayinhistory.com/), and any web sites operated and made available to the general public by AETN after the "Last Updated" date above that link to this Policy through a site-wide "Privacy Policy" link or similar link (collectively, the "Websites," which include any successor site(s) to any of the foregoing).  This Privacy Policy does not cover information that we collect from and about customers of our other businesses, or through means other than through the Websites (except as expressly set forth above), or information collected by any affiliated entities through any means.

This Privacy Policy is the sole authorized statement of AETN's practices with respect to the online collection of personally identifiable information through the Websites and the use of such information. Any summaries of this Privacy Policy generated by third-party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "Platform for Privacy Preferences" or "P3P") will have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon AETN, and will not be relied upon in substitute for this Privacy Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Privacy Policy.

By providing us with personally identifiable information about yourself through the Websites, you consent and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

**What information does AETN gather on its Websites?**  
AETN gathers two basic types of information through the Websites: personally identifiable information, which you provide to AETN, and aggregated information, which AETN gathers through your use of the Websites. We discuss our collection and use of these different kinds of information below.

**Personally Identifiable Information**  
AETN uses the personally identifiable information it gathers through the Websites for several purposes, such as to understand more about our audience's interests, to communicate with you, and to give you a better experience when visiting the Websites by personalizing tools, content, and services. AETN also uses this information to build new services and develop offers that AETN believes are more relevant and valuable to you.

You do not have to provide personally identifiable information to use most of our Websites or services."However, certain of our Websites and Website-based services (for example, AETN's "A&E  Insider") may require that you furnish personally identifiable information. We collect such personally identifiable information only when you voluntarily provide it to us - for example, in answering surveys and polls; entering contests and sweepstakes; registering to receive electronic newsletters, television listings and other materials; participating in quizzes; registering to interact with, and interacting with, message boards, blogs and clubs and other forums (collectively, the "Interactive Community"); purchasing items from our stores; and taking part in other promotional opportunities. You may be asked to provide your contact information (such as your name, postal address, telephone numbers and/or email address), financial information (such as credit card numbers), demographic information (such as your Zip code, age, gender or income level) and information about your television viewing habits in connection with your use of such services.

Contact information is used to respond to your inquiries; to notify you if you have won a sweepstakes, contest, or quiz and to send you the prize, and to send products and services ordered from our Websites. We also reserve the right to use your contact information to send you periodic mailings with information on new products and services, updates to our Websites, or upcoming events.

We may share our user mailing list (including your personally identifiable information) with reputable third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. We may also forward information to you regarding third party products or services, without disclosing your personally identifiable information to such third parties. You may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information as part of our mailing list at any time (see _"Opt In and Opt-Out,"_ below).

We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to calculate Website usage levels, to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our Websites. Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is an identifying number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit our Websites, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet, and is done automatically by many websites.

We may share demographic information, television viewing habits, results of surveys, as well as usage data calculated from logging IP addresses, with advertisers and third parties only on an aggregated basis (see _"Aggregated Information,"_ below).

Whenever we request your personally identifiable information on our Websites, to the extent that we intend to use it in a manner not disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will try to explain to you how we intend to use it, and to provide you with a choice to decline certain uses. In addition, if we plan to post any of your personally identifiable information on our Websites, we will notify you of this possibility either when you provide the information to us or prior to posting such information. Please note that by entering any sweepstakes, contest or quiz, you consent to our announcing your name and home town as part of any list of winners.

We may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe that we are required to do so (i)& by law, (ii) to comply with legal process or governmental requests, (iii) to enforce our [Terms of Service](http://www.aetv.com/feedback/termsofservice.html), (iv) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of AETN, our affiliated entities, you or others; and (v) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. As an example, we may, to the fullest extent the law allows, disclose personally identifiable information about you to law enforcement agencies to assist them in identifying individuals who have been or may be engaged in unlawful activities.

**Service Providers**  
We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to website hosting, order processing and fulfillment, credit card clearance, message board and blog services, data analysis, data and database management, the provision and facilitation of email and newsletter services, and other services of an administrative nature. We may share your personally identifiable information, including financial information, with such third parties for the purpose of providing such services.

**Aggregated Information**  
We collect and analyze aggregated information through our Websites relating to traffic levels on our Websites — for example, the total number of users visiting particular pages. We also collect and analyze aggregate demographic information, survey results, IP address information, and information relating to the search functionality on the Websites.

Aggregated information is helpful to us for improving the services we offer and for marketing purposes. Aggregated information is not personally identifiable information, and we may share aggregated information with our advertisers, business partners, or other third parties for any purposes whatsoever.

**Use of Cookies by AETN**  
Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies, which are an industry standard used by most websites, can facilitate a user's ongoing access to and use of a site. Cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files.

We use a temporary or "session" cookie to track the products you have chosen to purchase while shopping on our Websites. The cookie saves you the trouble of repeatedly entering the same information during a single visit. We also use cookies in the Interactive Community to eliminate the need to log in every time you use clubs and other message boards on our Websites. Depending on the type of cookie used, the cookie may expire at the end of a browser session, or may persist across sessions (for example, a cookie that "remembers" your login information between Website visits).

In addition, from time to time, we may use cookies and other technologies to gather non-personally identifiable information to track the popularity of certain pages of our Websites; the success of our email notifications, and our ad campaigns on third-party sites, based on click-through rates; and other similar information, all of which assists us in seeking to improve our Websites and related services.

If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a cookie, or of cookies from a particular website, to your computer. You should note, however, that declining the cookies may make it difficult for you to make purchases on our Websites and will make entering and using the Interactive Community more cumbersome.

**Public Forums**  
PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE IN THE INTERACTIVE COMMUNITY BECOMES PUBLIC INFORMATION, AND MAY BE AVAILABLE TO NOT ONLY REGISTERED INTERACTIVE COMMUNITY USERS, BUT TO VISITORS OF THE WEBSITES AND TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information, or any other information, in any part of the Interactive Community.

To register to use the Interactive Community, you will need to select a screen name and provide your email address. A password is required to log into the Interactive Community. Depending on the Website, you will either select your own password at the time of registration or will be sent an email notification from us with a randomly generated initial password.

When you log in to the Interactive Community, you will be able to set up your AETN profile (your "Profile"), which you may edit at any time through the Interactive Community. You will also have the ability to change your password from within your Profile. Providing information as part of your Profile is entirely optional. Portions of your Profile are accessible to the public, but the password, name, and email address fields of your Profile are not accessible to the public. Note, however, that whenever you contribute to the Interactive Community, your screen name, linking to your Profile, will automatically appear with your post, and other information you provide as part of your Profile will be accessible to other Interactive Community members, Website visitors, and the general public, by clicking on your screen name associated with any of your postings.

**Children**  
Our Websites are general audience sites. We do not direct any of our content specifically at children under thirteen (13) years of age. We run classroom sites as educational tools for teachers, where contests encouraging submissions of children's essays are occasionally announced. We announce and post personally identifiable information (such as name and home town) of contest winners who are children under thirteen (13) only after receiving parental or guardian consent. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without first gaining consent from a parent or guardian. In the event that we obtain such consent, we will not knowingly use such personally identifiable information to contact the child for any marketing purposes, distribute the child's personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes, or give the child the ability to post publicly or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information on the Websites, in each case without a parent's or guardian's consent.

**Third-Party Ad Serving**  
We currently contract with Falk North America to serve the advertisements that you see on the Websites, and we reserve the right to work with other third party ad serving entities to serve such advertisements at a later date (in which event, this Section will apply to such entity(ies)). The use of advertising cookies set by third party ad-servers is standard in the Internet industry, and Falk North America may assign its own cookies to your browser. Through these and other technologies, Falk North America and/or other advertisers may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you from your visits to our Websites and to other sites where ads are served by Falk North America, such other advertisers, or their respective third party business partners. This information may be used by Falk North America to deliver tailored ads to you. We do not control Falk North America's or other advertisers' policies or procedures (including without limitation their policies and procedures for setting cookies and handling aggregated data collected from your interaction with the Websites); however, Falk North America does not obtain, through the use of cookies or otherwise, any personally identifiable information regarding our Website users from us or from any of our Websites.

**Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions**  
We regularly operate sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions throughout the Websites. In order to participate in such a sweepstakes, contest or similar promotion, you will need to read and agree to be bound by the official rules therefor. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of your personally identifiable information conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall control.

**Security**  
We have security measures and tools in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Any time we ask for a credit card number to be transmitted to us through one of our Websites, that credit card number is transmitted to us in an encrypted format using industry-standard encryption. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with any Website. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that any information you transmit through or in connection with any Website is so transmitted at your own risk.

If you have reason to believe that any account with us is no longer secure, you must immediately notify AETN of the problem by contacting us in accordance with _"Contacting Us,"_ below (note that physical mail notification will delay the time it takes for us to respond to the problem).

**Third Party Sites**  
Our Websites may contain links to third party websites. These linked third party sites are not under the control of AETN, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any linked site, or any link contained in a linked site. We are providing these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on our Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site by AETN.

When you provide personal financial and other personally identifiable information to one of AETN's e-commerce partners, your transaction with such e-commerce partner will occur on the e-commerce partner's site, not the Website, and as such the financial and personally identifiable information you provide is collected by and controlled by the privacy policy of that e-commerce partner. It is important therefore that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of any third party e-commerce site with which you transact business.

"> **Assignment**  
We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from users of the Websites to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets (including without limitation any Website) of AETN or any of its affiliated entities (including, without limitation, in connection with any dissolution, bankruptcy, or similar proceedings).

**Opt-In and Opt-Out**  
Upon registration with certain Website services, or otherwise from time to time, we may ask you whether you want to "opt-in" to receive information from us about special offers, or newsletters and other promotional communications regarding AETN, the Websites, and/or third parties' products or services. If, by opting-in, you choose to receive these communications, we will occasionally send you email messages that seek to reflect your request(s). You may later choose to stop receiving these promotional communications from us by following an "UNSUBSCRIBE" or similar link provided in the applicable promotional communication (excluding e-commerce confirmation emails, which you may not opt-out of receiving).

We may also ask you whether you want to opt-in to receive promotional offers directly from select third parties other than AETN. If, by opting-in, you choose to receive these offers, such third parties may occasionally send you email messages that seek to reflect your request(s).

You may wish to remove your personally identifiable information from our database in order to stop receiving future marketing communications from us and/or from third parties to whom we have not already provided your personally identifiable information. If so, we provide you with the following options for removing your personally identifiable information from our database for marketing purposes:

You can send an email to [feedback@AETV.com](mailto:feedback@AETV.com); or

You can send mail to the following postal address: 

A&E Television Networks  
235 East 45th Street  
New York, NY 10017

In each event, you must clearly indicate that you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from our database. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible.

We note that you may continue to receive non-marketing messages from us (for example, messages regarding Website technical and security issues). You cannot opt-out of receiving these messages.

Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records. We also reserve the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of our Websites. Finally, please note that notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy, we are not responsible for removing information from lists of third party entities with which we have shared your information pursuant to this Privacy Policy or otherwise with your consent.

**Correct/Update**  
We give you the following options for informing us of changes to the personally identifiable information you have previously provided:

You can send an email to [feedback@AETV.com](mailto:feedback@AETV.com); or

You can send mail to the following postal address:

A&E Television Networks  
235 East 45th Street  
New York, NY 10017

In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible.

Additionally, AETN provides you with the ability to correct or change certain of the information in your Profile at any time. To review or modify your Profile, log in to the Interactive Community using the means we provide on the Websites.

Please note that even if you elect to change your information in our database, there may be residual, outdated information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed there from. Also note that we are not responsible for informing third parties of any changes requested pursuant to this Section.

**Contacting Us**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Websites, or your dealings with us, please feel free to contact us at:

A&E Television Networks  
235 East 45th Street  
New York, NY 10017  
Fax: (212) 907-9497, Attn: Interactive Media — Privacy Policy Feedback  
Email: [feedback@AETV.com](mailto:feedback@AETV.com)

**Revisions to Privacy Policy**  
Any of the policies or procedures above, and any of our policies or procedures concerning the treatment of information collected through the Websites, may be changed by us at any time without prior notice. You can determine when this Privacy Policy has been revised last by referring to the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page. Use of any Website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy then in effect. We encourage you to bookmark this page and to periodically review it to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy, ©2006 AETN. All rights reserved.
