> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mvmtwatches.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170210011702id_/https%3A//www.mvmtwatches.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – MVMT Watches

Last Revised: May 2nd, 2016

MVMT Watches Inc. (“ **MVMT** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website located at www.mvmtwatches.com (the “ **Site** ”) and online services ( **“Services”** ).

  1. **Questions; Contacting MVMT; Reporting Violations.** If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following: 

[MVMT Watches Inc.]

[ _Attn_ : Alex Reed

[6041 Bristol Parkway Suite. 100]

[Culver City, CA 90230]

[(888) 507-0220]

  2. **User Consent.** By submitting Personal Data through our Site or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  3. **A Note About Children.** We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to MVMT and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at [info@mvmtwatches.com].
  4. **A Note to Users Outside of the United States.** If you are a non U.S. user of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data, you consent to such processing and transfer.
  5. **Types of Data We Collect. “Personal Data”** means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. **“Anonymous Data”** means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below: 
    * **Information You Provide to Us.**
      * If you create an account by registering directly with us, we will request your name, email, and password.
      * When you order merchandise, we will collect information necessary to process your order such as your shipping and billing information and payment information.
      * If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
      * When you post content on our Services such as a review, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it, along with your first name and last initial. The information that you provide will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Site.
      * We may also collect Personal Data at other points in our Site and Services that state that Personal Data is being collected.
    * **Information You Provide to Facebook, Google, and other Social Networking Sites.** The Services allow users to register for an account and login through social networking sites such as Facebook and Google (each an “ **SNS** ”). By registering or logging in through a SNS, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the SNS’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy in your use of such services. We may receive information from the SNS to make it easier for you to create an account with us. Any information that we collect from your SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices.
    * **Information Collected via Technology.**
      * Information Collected by Our Servers. To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol ( **“IP”** ) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
      * Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ( **“ISP”** ), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site or the Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
      * Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. **“Cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.   This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
      * Pixel Tag In addition, we use **“Pixel Tags** ” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages. Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user. We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ Personal Data.
      * Do Not Track Signals. We do not currently respond to “do not track” signals from web browsers.
      * Flash LSOs. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “ **Flash Cookies** ,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>.
      * Analytics Services. We use third party analytics services (“ **Analytics Services** ”), to help analyze how users use our Site. The information generated by the Cookies or other technologies about your use of our Site (the “ **Analytics Information** ”) is transmitted to the Analytics Services. The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity. The Analytics Services may also transfer the Analytics Information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics Service’s ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Service’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. By using our Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For a full list of Analytics Services, please contact us at [info@mvmtwatches.com].
    * **Information Collected from You About Others.** If you decide to invite a third party to create an account and/or purchase our merchandise, we will collect your and the third party’s contact information in order to send a message to the third party and follow up with the third party. We rely upon you to obtain whatever consents from the third party that may be required by law to allow us to collect such information and contact the third party as described in the foregoing sentence. You or the third party may contact us at [info@mvmtwatches.com] to request the removal of this information from our database.
    * **Information Collected from Third Party Companies.** We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from certain third parties, such as demographic information from Facebook tools. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Site in order to improve the Services we provide.
  6. **Use of Your Personal Data**
    * **General Use.** In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Data in the following ways: 
      * facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network;
      * identify you as a user in our system;
      * provide improved administration of our Site and Services;
      * provide the Services you request;
      * improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services;
      * send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created;
      * send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as order confirmations, order status updates, security, or support and maintenance advisories;
      * respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests;
      * send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of MVMT; and
      * in any other manner stated on our Site or Services.
    * **Creation of Anonymous Data.** We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
  7. **Disclosure of Your Personal Data.** We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. 
    * When you post comments on our Site, you will be identified by your first name and last initial. Please note that any Personal Data you include on a public area of the Site will be publicly viewable. Once displayed publicly, that information can be collected and used by others. We cannot control who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information that you voluntarily post, so it is very important that you do not put data such as private contact information which you do not want to make available to the public in your posts. Once you have posted information publicly, while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Site, you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached, collected, and stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines).
    * **Third Party Service Providers.** Our online retail store is hosted by Shopify. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Service may include having your Personal Data transferred to and stored by Shopify pursuant to their privacy policy at <https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy>. We may also share your Personal Data with other third party service providers to: provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to MVMT.
    * **Affiliates**. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
    * **Corporate Restructuring.** We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
    * **Social Networking Sites.** Our Services enable you to post content to SNSs. If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
    * **Other Disclosures**. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), MVMT may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on MVMT; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of MVMT or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
  8. **Third Party Payment Processing.** For online payments and/or Automated Clearing House (ACH) payouts, we use the payment services of Stripe ([https://stripe.com](https://stripe.com/)) and PayPal ([http://www.paypal.com](http://www.paypal.com/)). We do not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account information. For more information on how payments are handled, or to understand the data security and privacy afforded such information, please refer to <https://stripe.com/us/privacy> and <https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full>.
  9. **Third Party Websites.** Our Site may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
  10. **Your Choices Regarding Information.** You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service: 
    * **Email Communications.** We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information above). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
    * If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided above.
    * **De-Linking SNS.** Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account.
    * **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.** You may change any of your Personal Data in your account by contacting [info@mvmtwatches.com]. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
  11. **Changes to This Privacy Policy.** This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at http://www.mvmtwatches.com/pages/privacy-policy and we will change the “Last Updated” date above. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.


