> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thanksfordownloading.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150407164423id_/http%3A//thanksfordownloading.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Thanks for Downloading

* * *

Thank you for visiting Thanksfordownloading.com (the "Site"). The Site is an Internet property of Air Software and its affiliated companies (“our”, "we" or "us"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") outlines the privacy practices and policies associated with the Site and in relation to any information that you may share with us when you access and use the Site. Personally Identifiable Information When you visit this Site, we do not automatically collect any personal information such as your name, address, electronic mail (email) address, phone number or any other personally identifiable information (collectively, your “Personal Information”). We will not ask for your Personal Information nor are you required to submit any Personal Information in order to visit and browse this Site. We will only collect Personal Information when you submit and send such information to us, where you are requesting us to contact you. We will not sell, rent, lease or trade any Personal Information you submit to us. Likewise, your Personal Information will not be shared with or disclosed to a third party in any other way unless we are required to do so by law or to an applicable regulatory or governing body. Anonymous Information When you visit this Site, we may collect anonymous information. “Anonymous Information” is information other than Personal Information, and includes without limitation, domain names, IP address, type of browsers that you are using to visit the Site, software installed from the Site, operating system type and language, referring URLs, and other, non-personally identifiable information. We may use Anonymous Information for system administration, for market research (which may be shared with third parties), or to personalize a visitor’s experience on the Site. We may also use cookies to track your browsing activity across our web properties and software. Cookies are only used in aggregate format (containing no Personal Information) for analytics purposes, or to improve the Site. Opt-out & Unsubscribe When you submit your Personal Information to us through the Site, you have opted-in to receive information and future communications from us. To opt-out of having future email communications from us, please contact us or follow the opt-out request process in the applicable email communication. Security We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Changes to Privacy Policy We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice to you. Notice regarding any Privacy Policy changes will be placed in a prominent location on the Site and will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check the Site periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes. Contacting Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us: Air Software #185 – 911 Yates St. Victoria, BC V8V 4Y9 Canada

* * *
