> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fisdap.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161017215933id_/https%3A//members.fisdap.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fisdap - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

This web site is owned and operated by Jones & Bartlett Learning, LLC, the owner of Fisdap, with headquarters at 5 Wall Street, Burlington, MA 01803, USA, and its affiliates ("FISDAP", "we", "our", or "us"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains to our customers and visitors ("you", "your") how we collect, use and disclose personal information that we obtain through this web site.

General information: FISDAP is committed to responsible internet citizenship and the privacy of our customers and those visiting our website. Our user information is carefully safeguarded, and is never sold or marketed to third parties unless we have requested to do so and have received your permission.

Data Collection: FISDAP is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all personal information collected through this website. We may collect personal information during the login process used to access certain portions of our website or to use other functions or features, as noted. FISDAP may collect and use personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, the following: name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, birth date, gender, ethnicity, race, graduation date, employer, title, user ID and password, course information and IP address. Any demographic information we request is generally used in aggregate form for various analyses conducted by FISDAP regarding our web site and related materials. If you provide consent, anonymized demographic information may also be used in connection with third party research projects. In addition, if you are registered with FISDAP for use of FISDAP’s products, FISDAP will collect and use data related to your use of such FISDAP products ("FISDAP Product Use") and for other purposes to which you expressly provide your consent. If your FISDAP Product Use is in connection with a school or institution, FISDAP will disclose your data to such school or institution, which may include clinical sites to which you have access. In addition, your school or institution determines whether it, along with your instructors, will have access directly to your account and the personal information included therein. FISDAP also collects general use information that does not specifically identify you.

Use of Information Collected on FISDAP's Site: We use personal information to provide the highest quality of service to our customers, prospects, and general visitors to this website. We also use personal information and student and faculty data in connection with FISDAP Product Use, as further described in each applicable FISDAP product and related FISDAP terms of use. This may include using and reporting of de-identified, anonymous, aggregated data. In addition to the specific purposes for which we collect certain data, as described further in this Privacy Policy, FISDAP may collect personal information in connection with any online employment applications, or so that we can contact you, provide materials to you upon your request, keep you posted on new FISDAP products and services, track your orders, register you, send relevant messages via e-mail or postal mail, or for any other purpose identified when personal information is collected.

Purchasing FISDAP Products: When you purchase a FISDAP product or service we use your email address to track your order. This allows us to automatically send you a receipt and a shipping confirmation electronically, and to contact you in case of a problem or a need for more information to process your order. We reserve the right to send you periodic communications for marketing and promotional purposes. When you order from us, we may ask you at the end of your order if you would like to receive marketing email (see below), but you will not be signed up automatically.

Email: We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the FISDAP products and services, including, without limitation, service announcements, administrative messages, late data entry reminders, and other messages that are considered part of your account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. Our marketing email messages are based on an opt-in system, and are not considered unsolicited commercial email (SPAM). If you received such a marketing message from us, someone using that address signed up to receive our marketing messages. If you are the owner of this account and did not sign up, you may remove your email address by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. This will permanently remove your address from FISDAP marketing email distribution list unless you choose to join again later.

If you have any trouble, please click here for Technical Help and we will attempt to resolve your problem as quickly as possible.

Message Boards/Forums: We may make chat rooms, forums, message boards and news groups available to you. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose your personal information on such chat rooms, forums, message boards and news groups.

Information Sharing: FISDAP will not sell, rent, trade or lease your personal information to others unless we have requested to do so and have received your permission, provided, however, that you authorize FISDAP to disclose your personal information to others under the following circumstances: We may, and you authorize FISDAP to, transfer your personal information to any FISDAP affiliate (or business partner or agent acting on our behalf) worldwide for purposes described herein. Such FISDAP affiliates, business partners, and agents will be under the same obligations as is FISDAP under this Privacy Policy. We may be required to transfer your personal information by law or under a court order or in connection with an organizational change, such as a merger or acquisition by another company or the sale of FISDAP’s assets. If FISDAP, in its sole discretion, determines that that a transfer is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of FISDAP or its personnel, or this site or its users, then we may also share your personal information. Any personal information and student and faculty data collected or used in connection with FISDAP Product Use, may also be shared with third parties as described in each applicable FISDAP product and related FISDAP terms of use, with necessary consents as may be required and also described therein.

Data Protection: FISDAP is committed to ensuring the security of your information. We use industry-standard processes designed to protect sensitive data, however, because of the nature of internet, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit, so you should take precautions to protect your personal information when you are on the internet, such as changing passwords often, using a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and using a secure browser. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your password. You must promptly notify us if your user name or token is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such event we will change your token password and send your new token to the email address we have on record for your account.

Consent: By use of the FISDAP website, and entry of any personal information into this site or in any FISDAP program accessed through our website, you are consenting to the collection, use, and transfer of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside the United States, your use and entry of personal information into this site constitutes your consent to the transfer of your personal information into the United States. Although we do not normally collect any sensitive personal information (such as religious beliefs or medical conditions), your entry of any such sensitive information on this web site is your express consent to the collection, use and transfer of such information.

Cookies and other Tracking Devices: FISDAP may use cookies, IP addresses, and other passive tracking devices to collect aggregate statistics about our web site. We use this information to monitor the performance of this site so we can improve its use and add features and programs to make it more effective. FISDAP may also disclose this aggregate information to third parties. You may choose to set your browser settings to disable cookies, however, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to complete certain activities or access certain information on our web site.

Links: FISDAP's web site may contain links to other web sites, including those of FISDAP's affiliated companies. Please note that these other web sites' privacy policies may differ from FISDAP's and we encourage you to carefully read those policies, as well. FISDAP is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents of any web site of another party or for the policies or actions of any such party.

Surveys and Drawings: From time-to-time, FISDAP may request information from users via surveys or drawing entries. Participation in these surveys or drawings is completely voluntary, so you can decide whether you want to provide the information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as postal code, age range). If you give FISDAP information in connection with a FISDAP drawing, survey, or similar promotion, you agree that we can use that information to manage those activities. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes, if applicable.

Website Visitors in Canada: If you are in Canada, FISDAP and you confirm that it is their wish that this document and all other related documents be drawn up in English. FISDAP et vous reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais du présent document ainsi que tous les documents qui s'y rattachent.

Revisions to this Privacy Policy: FISDAP reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice, so please review this Privacy Policy frequently. Each version of this Privacy Policy will have a date, as noted below.

Feedback: If you have any questions or comments about FISDAP's Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at info@fisdap.net

FISDAP Privacy Policy (Rev November 2015)
