> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fisherboy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525195245id_/http%3A//www.fisherboy.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fisher Boy - Privacy Policy

This website is owned and operated by High Liner Foods (USA), Incorporated, with head office at Danvers, Massachusetts. This website is maintained, designed and offered primarily for residents of the United States of America. Here at High Liner, we recognize that people are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. High Liner is committed to protecting your personal privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information that is collected on this website and information collected by High Liner off line, such as when you enter a High Liner sweepstakes, contest or promotion, and how we use and protect that information. This Policy also tells you what to do if you do not want your personal information collected when you visit our site, and how you can change information you have already provided to us. This Policy applies only to this website, and to information High Liner collects off line. We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check back if you are a regular visitor.

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:  
High Liner Foods (USA), Incorporated  
18 Electronics Avenue, Danvers MA 01923 USA  
Attention: Privacy Compliance Officer (Legal Department)  
[info@highlinerfoodsusa.com](mailto:info@highlinerfoodsusa.com)

Our offices are open from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday. Please feel free to email us anytime. We’ll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.

OUR POLICY  
By using this website or entering into a High Liner sweepstakes, contest or promotion, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy as posted here. If you do not agree with any terms in this Policy, please do not provide any personal information on this site or in any High Liner sweepstakes, contest or promotion. We consider personal information to mean personally identifiable information such as your name, street address, telephone number, screen name and email address. At our website, we do not collect personal information from people unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. If you register in order to receive newsletters from us, if you enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, complete a survey, or if you use the "Contact Us" features of this site, we use the information you supply for the purpose it was provided or for the purpose of providing the services you have requested. If you specifically agree to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list when you signed up, we may also contact you from time to time. You can always change your preference for follow-up contacts by emailing us at any time at info@highlinerfoodsusa.com. We may put together information about our users in a way that your personal identity would not be revealed and then share that information with some of our business partners. For example, we employ other companies and individuals to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. We hire agencies to help administer consumer promotions, to analyze data, to fulfill orders you place, and to provide customer service. These agents may have access to personal information if it is needed to perform their functions for High Liner; however, they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and they are required to maintain the information in confidence.

In the “Contact Us” section of this site, we ask for some personally identifiable information, such as your name, address and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by email were unsuccessful. We do not use the information internally for any other purposes and we do not share it with anyone outside of High Liner Foods (USA), Incorporated. We do not use your email address for any purpose other than responding to the message you have sent or email communication you have agreed to receive. _**We will never resell your email address or contact information.**_

PERSONAL INFORMATION OF MINOR CHILDREN  
**_Important Note to Parents:_** We do not include information or content on this site that is intentionally directed at minor children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from kids on our sites. All of our contests require that participants be adults.  
**_Important Note to Children:_** Before providing your name, address, email address, or any other personal information to anyone on the Internet, be sure to ask your parents if it is okay.

COOKIES  
High Liner may use “cookie” technology to obtain nonpersonal information from visitors to this site. Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We do not extract personal information in this process nor do we provide this information to third parties. Cookies allow us to customize your user interface to speed up the navigation process and to make the site experience more efficient. If your browser is configured to reject cookies, you may not be able to use the features of our sites. When you log in, a cookie can tell us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide you with more of what you want.

LINKS  
Our site may contain links to other sites. We make every effort to link only to websites that share our high standards. We try our best to ensure these links are reputable, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked websites are entirely separate from High Liner and are not covered by this Policy. Other websites that may contain material that we do not approve of may also link to this site without High Liner's knowledge or consent. High Liner has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of these websites.
