> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fishingfordeals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214140103id_/http%3A//www.fishingfordeals.com/forums/viewprivacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fishing for Deals Forums: Privacy statement

Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**

This privacy statement is applicable to all sites operated by Fishing For Deals.

Fishing For Deals does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. This personally identifiable information may be typically gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, community postings (e.g., forums and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. __Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. When we collect such information, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from Fishing For Deals and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any "opt out" of promotional information by the user, Fishing For Deals reserves the right to contact individuals regarding matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.__

Fishing For Deals reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners, if present. Fishing For Deals will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware Fishing For Deals may occasionally permit third parties to offer services through a Fishing For Deals site. Fishing For Deals is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on the bulletin boards or forums of Fishing For Deals, such information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. **Such activities are not condoned or endorsed by Fishing For Deals, but remain beyond our control.**

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of Fishing For Deals's Internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Users should be aware that Fishing For Deals cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for Fishing For Deals. Most web browsers have a feature that will allow the user to accept or deny a cookie. The user should be aware, however, that the use of such cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features available on Fishing For Deals.

Upon request, Fishing For Deals will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, Fishing For Deals will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, Fishing For Deals will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.

We do not disclose the identities of ours users unless we are legally required to do so. If a governmental agency (for example, law enforcement agencies, US Attorneys' offices or similar governmental agencies) sends us a subpoena, we will comply with it. If we receive a subpoena by a third party that is not a governmental agency (for example, a subpoena in connection with civil litigation), we will contact the user whose identity has been requested using the contact information the user provided during the registration process. We will wait 10 days after notifying the user before complying with the subpoena, unless the subpoena requires us to disclose this information before then. If we cannot wait 10 days because of the deadline in the subpoena, we will let the user know the deadline included in the subpoena when we provide notice that we received it.

The foregoing policies are effective as of March 4, 2001. Fishing For Deals reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.  
  
Generated in 0.008 seconds in which 0.002 seconds were spent on a total of 2 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
