> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fisher-price.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206215543id_/http%3A//www.fisher-price.com/us/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Fisher-Price.com!

  


### Fisher-Price Online Privacy Policy

This is the online privacy policy of Fisher-Price, Inc., a division of Mattel, Inc. You can reach us at 636 Girard Avenue, East Aurora, New York 14052 - Telephone: (800) 432-5437 or e-mail us at [fpconaff@fisher-price.com](mailto:fpconaff@fisher-price.com). Please remember that this site and the servers that make this site available are located in the U.S. By using this site you agree to the transfer, collection, processing and use of data by this site. The content on our sites may include, among other items of interest, information on our company and our products, parenting information, surveys, sweepstakes and contests, advertising, entertainment, games and opportunities to shop online. We may also offer opportunities to apply for employment. 

**A Special Note for Parents**

Fisher-Price, Mattel, and all members of the Mattel family of companies are very concerned about the protection of online privacy for all our website visitors. It is Fisher-Price's intention, with each of its websites that are directed to children, to adhere to the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) guidelines, including its guidelines on internet advertising. All Fisher-Price marketing efforts, including this website, are closely scrutinized to conform to these requirements and guidelines. While we make every effort to make your child's visit safe and enjoyable, we encourage parents to monitor their children's online use, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this site or any other without your permission. Most of our areas with content intended for children do not require a child to provide any personal information. We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in a contest, game or other activity as a condition of participation. Upon proper identification, parents may review the personal information we have collected about the child, request deletion, or refuse to allow further collection or use by writing to us at the address above. 

**Online Ordering Information**

The Fisher-Price E-store offers Fisher-Price products available for purchase online. Customers must be over age 18 with a valid credit card.. When you place an order for product online from the Fisher-Price internet store or request a catalog online, we collect information associated with the transaction. This information includes your name, mailing address, products ordered, and credit card information. We ask for this information so that we may fulfill the order or catalog request. We and our agents and affiliates use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect credit card data during transmission, and adopt careful internal procedures to safeguard this information in our systems. 

You have the option of registering certain information for future orders while completing your online order. For those who choose to register, we will capture your login name, password, name and mailing address, alternate ship-to addresses, and credit card information. When a registered person returns to the site to place subsequent orders, they can identify themselves with login name and password. 

If you include a child's birth date and e-mail address, this information will not be shared with outside third parties but will be used by Fisher-Price, members of the Mattel family of companies or our technical and fulfillment agencies to help provide products and services that meet our customer's needs. When you place an online order, we will send a confirming e-mail message. In the future, we may also send an occasional e-mail featuring a special promotion or product that may be of interest to our customers. Any customer who prefers not to receive an online order confirmation may "opt-out" by so indicating this preference on the order form. If you do receive an e-mail from us that you would rather not receive, simply follow the "opt-out" instructions included in the e-mail. 

When you request a catalog or place an order online, we add your name and address to our print catalog mailing list. If you do not wish to receive our mailings, you can send the mailing label from the catalog to the following address: 

> > > Fisher-Price, Inc.   
> Attn: Mailing Changes   
> P.O. Box 620978   
> Middleton, WI 53562-0978 

If you have recently moved, or are planning a move in the near future, you should let us know of the change of address and we'll be sure to update our records. For all mailing questions and changes, please call 1-800-747-8697, or send the information to Fisher-Price at the address shown above. 

**Other Information We Collect Online**

If you do not order product online or request a catalog online but visit other areas of the website, we do collect personally identifiable information submitted by a visitor in connection with registration or other activity. With the permission of a visitor who is 18 years of age or over, such personally identifiable information submitted in connection with a registration or other activity on our websites may be used for marketing and promotional purposes or shared with other Fisher-Price brands or members of the Mattel family of companies. Fisher-Price may also grant access to our database as necessary in connection with services provided to Fisher-Price, such as technical or fulfillment services (including those provided by third parties), but such disclosures are subject to non-disclosure commitments by third parties. Information gathered online is used by Fisher-Price for internal marketing analysis and to improve our products, services and websites. If Fisher-Price believes that anyone’s behavior on our sites may damage us or our sites or anyone else, we may disclose the relevant personal information in order to prevent this harm. In that case, we might try to identify the wrongdoer, contact them or bring legal action against them. We may also disclose personal information if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, or in response to a legal request. 

We use "cookie" technology (where our servers deposit special codes on a visitor's computer) to track the total number of visitors to each of our sites in an aggregate form. We do not automatically extract personally identifiable information in this process. The "cookie" technology will only be used to track non-personal information such as type of browser, operating system, and domain names to customize the website for each visitor and to improve the visitor's online experience. We also use other technology, called clear GIFs, to provide us with other important anonymous information, such as when an e-mail has been opened. These tools help us understand features that interest our customers. 

In some instances, when contact information has been provided by the visitor, and the visitor is 18 or older and has indicated that he/she would like to receive communications from us, we will send notices to visitors, usually in the form of an e-mail. These notices, sent periodically, will announce website upgrades, new product information, promotions and other similar updates that may be of interest to the visitor. Our mailers and other notices tell the visitor how to "opt-out" so that he or she can stop the notices at any time. 

Fisher-Price also collects personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and the like, when voluntarily submitted by a visitor in one of our guestbooks, registries, contest, or survey sections. Except as provided below, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 without prior verifiable parental consent. We ask for age first so that we can provide our younger audience with an appropriate questionnaire that does not ask any personal questions or limit information that we collect. In the case of online promotions and other activities, we do not condition a child's participation on the child's disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. We may collect your child's first name and e-mail address to respond to your child on a one-time basis. This contact information is deleted from our system after the contact. We may also collect the name of your child, his or her e-mail address and an e-mail address of a parent to obtain your consent, where consent is required. In this case the information is deleted from our system if you do not give your consent to the described use of the information within a reasonable time. In some cases we collect the name and e-mail address of your child so that he or she can be contacted more than once as necessary in connection with a specific request from your child (as, for example, in connection with their registration in a contest or sweepstakes, or signing up for an e-mail newsletter) or when we deem it necessary or prudent to protect the safety of your child participating in interactive activities such as a chat room, message board or e-mail service. In each of these situations, we also collect your e-mail address so that you can be notified of the child's entry in the program or service. In the notice we advise you that you have the right to request that the child's contact information be deleted from our database. The limited information obtained in this manner is used only for the purpose indicated and is deleted from our database at the conclusion of a limited-time promotion, program or activity. 

You always have the right to request that contact information regarding you or your child be deleted from our database. To request deletion of your contact information in our database, please call 1-800-432-5437 for more information. Upon proper identification, parents may review the personal information we have collected about their child, request deletion, or refuse to allow further collection or use by writing to us at the address above. 

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting it on our web site. 

© 2002 Mattel, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
Updated May 24, 2002
