> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saledekho.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230045530id_/http%3A//mumbai.saledekho.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - SaleDekho.com

|  Privacy Policy   
---  
At Saledekho.com , we are very committed to your privacy, Saledekho.com will never sell, exchange, or release any of your individual personal information to a third party without your express permission.   
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT:   
At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. We only gather personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor.   
Like other web sites, your IP number is visible to us when you visit our web site. Your IP number is visible to most of the websites that you visit. Though, at Saledekho.com , we only use IP numbers to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Web site.   
We may share personally identifiable information with third parties when the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it or we are required to by law.   
The Site contains links and advertisements to other sites. If you click-through a banner ad or link and submit your information to that advertiser or site, you will be subject to their own privacy practices. Saledekho.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites.   
The Site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and that if you disclose personal contact information in these areas, others may use it to send you unsolicited messages. We do not control the actions of our guests and registered members. Saledekho.com encourages our users to be smart about choosing when, and to whom to release information online.   
Of course there are many other ways we conceivably could get information from or about you that are not described elsewhere in this Statement. For example, you might email us through one of our customer service email addresses, or we may get a complaint about you from a third party. Our practices with respect to such information are pretty much as you’d expect -- we use and disclose this information in a commercially reasonable business manner.   
This site has industry consistent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. But since the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure, Saledekho.com assumes no liability for disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized third parties.   
If you are a minor under 12, you are prohibited from submitting any personal information to us.   
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from Saledekho.com and our partners. We also provide instructions for how to unsubscribe to future mailings at the bottom of each communication. Please remember to check the registration screens applicable to the service or promotion for which you are signing up for specific instructions from our partners on how to update your user profile and/or opt out of receiving offers and mailings.   
By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Statement, you may feel free to e-mail us with questions or concerns, but your only remedy is to discontinue use of the Site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time.   
Saledekho.com does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Saledekho.com with the sites to which Saledekho.com links, although Saledekho.com may share aggregate data with such sites (such as how many people use our site). This Includes other third party sites on the Internet for which Saledekho.com provides search services. Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.   
We use Google and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.   
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Saledekho.com, please write to: contact@Saledekho.com 
