> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saleshandy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160520013551id_/http%3A//www.saleshandy.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - SalesHandy

Saleshandy, inc. Privacy Policy

Introduction

Saleshandy, inc. (“Saleshandy,” “us,” or “we”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy describes Saleshandy’s information practices and the choices available to you regarding Saleshandy’s use of your personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be used to identify a person, hereinafter referred to as “PII”) and how you are able to access and update this information.  
Saleshandy provides a variety of web-based and mobile services designed specifically for the communication needs of sales teams (the “Services”). The Services are made available to users who have Saleshandy accounts (“Customers”) via the web site located at www.saleshandy.com (the “Site”). Saleshandy and its Customers use the Services to communicate with their customers and sales prospects (“Viewers”). The Services allow Saleshandy and its Customers to upload presentations, sales collateral and other content (“Content”) to the Site, in addition to information, including PII, about Viewers. Saleshandy and its Customers use the Services to communicate with Viewers and share Content in a variety of ways, including via email and browser-based online presentations. Customers retain all rights to Content they upload to the Saleshandy Service. Saleshandy will not access or modify Customer Content except as necessary to provide the Services, prevent or resolve service or technical problems, or at Customer’s request in connection with support matters. Saleshandy will not disclose Customer Content except as described in this privacy policy or the agreement governing Customer’s use of our Services, or for purposes of allowing Customer to share Content with Viewers via the Services. The use of information collected through our Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Services for which Customer has engaged Saleshandy, or as otherwise described in this privacy policy.  
The Site and Services (including Content viewed thereon) may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the information practices or the content of such other web sites. Please note that in the event that you submit PII to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of other web sites to understand their information practices.

Information You Provide to Saleshandy and How We Use It

Customers: If you are a Customer, Saleshandy may require you to provide information (including PII) to allow us to deliver the Services, to manage and administer your account, and for billing purposes. To those ends, we may require Customers to submit information such as names, company names, email addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, billing addresses, and financial qualification information.  
Customers also provide other information to Saleshandy through their use of the Services. For example, the Services allow Customers to input names, email addresses, phone numbers, and other information about Viewers that Customers wish to use the Services to communicate with. Saleshandy does not use or access such information except with Customer’s permission, in order to provide the Services, and to provide related support and assistance. Saleshandy does not sell this information. Saleshandy does not use this information to contact Viewers except on Customer’s behalf and at Customer’s direction. Saleshandy will not allow other Saleshandy customers to access this information.  
Customers may also submit Content for use in connection with the Services, including for the purpose of sharing such Content and communicating with Viewers. Customers are solely responsible for all Content and other information they input into the Services. Saleshandy will not alter Content that Customers intend to share via screen sharing Services, and will not share Content via its screen sharing Services with third parties other than those with whom Customer intends to share Content.  
Viewers: If you are a Viewer, Saleshandy or its Customers may request that you provide them with information (including PII) via the Services in order to view Content.  
If a Customer asks you to provide this information to Customer via the Services and you provide it, Saleshandy stores this information on behalf of our Customers. In the event you provide a Customer with this information, you do so in accordance with that Customer’s privacy practices and policies. Saleshandy is not responsible for the privacy practices of its Customers, and does not access this information except with Customer’s permission, in order to provide the Services and related support and assistance. If Saleshandy requests that you provide this information to Saleshandy via the Services and you provide it, Saleshandy stores and uses this information on our own behalf in accordance with this privacy policy.  
When Saleshandy collects information under the direction of its Customers, it has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are a customer or sales prospect of one of our Customers, or a Viewer of Customer Content, and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Customers that use our Services, please contact the Customer that you interact with directly. When Saleshandy collects information on its own behalf, it does so in accordance with this privacy policy. If you are a Saleshandy sales prospect, or a Viewer of Saleshandy Content, and you would no longer like to be contacted by Saleshandy, please contact hello@saleshandy.com.  
We may transfer PII to companies that help us provide our Services. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by service agreements with those third parties.  
Visitors: If you visit our Site and are not a Customer or Viewer (a “Visitor”), and you request more information about Saleshandy via web form, email, or similar means available on our Site, we may ask you to provide us with your name, company, job title, company email address, and information about your company. We may use this information to contact you later regarding use of our Services and/or becoming a Customer.  
Referral Service: If you choose to use Saleshandy’s referral service to tell a friend about Saleshandy’s Site or Services, Saleshandy will ask you for your friend’s name, company name, and email address. Saleshandy will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the Site or utilize the Services. Saleshandy stores this information for the purpose of sending this one time email and tracking the success of our referral program.

Information We Automatically Collect and How We Use It

From Customers: If you are a Customer, we may automatically collect information about your account and your interaction with and use of the Services. We collect this information in order to deliver the Services and to provide you with reporting and analytics relating to your use of the Services.  
This information may include:  
Date and time you uploaded Content to our Service;  
Whether or not Content was modified by you;  
Number of times and length of time Content was presented by you using the Services;  
Your phone number (if utilizing conference calling features); and  
Your IP address and location.  
This information is made available to Customers via the Services and may be associated with other information about Customer and its Viewers (including PII) that Customers provide us.  
From Viewers: If you are a Viewer who views Content you receive from Saleshandy or a Customer via the Services, we may automatically collect information about your interaction with such Content and our Services. We collect this information in order to deliver the Services and to provide Saleshandy and our Customers with reporting and analytics relating to your interaction with Content and our Services.  
This information may include:  
Whether or not a you have viewed or are viewing Content  
Date and time you viewed the Content;  
Number of times and length of time Content was viewed;  
Which portions of the Content were viewed;  
Whether or not you have forwarded Content received via the email function of the Services;  
Your phone number (if utilizing conference calling features); and  
Your IP address and location.  
This information will be made available to Saleshandy or our Customers who communicate with you via the Services, and may be associated by Saleshandy or our Customers with other information about you (including PII) that Customers have provided us or that you have provided to Customers via the Services. Saleshandy does not use or access Viewer PII collected by its Customers through their use of Services except with Customer’s permission, in order to provide the Services, and to provide related support and assistance. Saleshandy does not sell this information. Saleshandy does not use this information to contact Viewers, except on Customer’s behalf and at Customer’s direction. Saleshandy does not sell this information. Saleshandy will not allow other Saleshandy customers to access this information.

From Visitors: If you are a Visitor to our Site, we may automatically collect anonymous information relating to your navigation on the Site (including IP Address, referral URL, browser type and operating system). We collect this information to help us improve our Site.

Navigational Information  
Tracking Technologies: Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Saleshandy and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics or other service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site and Services, tracking users’ movements around the Site and Services, to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, or as otherwise described in this privacy policy. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.  
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference) and for user authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site or Services, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site or Services may be limited.  
Analytics / Log Files: As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve Services we offer you, or to improve marketing, analytics, or Site functionality.  
Other Statistical Information: Saleshandy may monitor Customers’ use of the Services, analyze Customer data, and compile statistical and performance information related to the provision and operation of the Services. Saleshandy may make such statistical and performance information publicly available in an anonymized and aggregated manner, provided that such information does not incorporate identifiable Customer data and/or Customer confidential information.  
Local Storage / Local Shared Objects: We use Local Storage such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Occasionally we may partner with third parties that may provide certain features on our website or display advertising based upon your web browsing activity which may also use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here.  
Other Statistical Information: Saleshandy may monitor Customers’ use of the Services, analyze Customer data, and compile statistical and performance information related to the provision and operation of the Services. Saleshandy may make such statistical and performance information publicly available in an anonymized and aggregated manner, provided that such information does not incorporate identifiable Customer data and/or Customer confidential information.

Google Maps: Google Maps API is used in the Site and Services. Saleshandy incorporates the Google privacy policy, http://www.google.com/privacy.html, and Saleshandy Customers agree to be bound by the Google privacy policy, as amended by Google from time to time.

Re-Targeting: Saleshandy partners with third parties to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.

With Whom Will We Share Your Information?

Our primary goal in collecting any information from you, including PII, is to provide you with the best Service we can. We believe we offer a unique Service which greatly improves the ability of our customers to sell and communicate to their customers. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. Saleshandy does not share, sell, rent, or trade PII with third parties for their promotional purposes.  
Saleshandy may share information collected from Customers or Viewers with third party service providers that perform work on Saleshandy’s behalf or which Saleshandy utilizes to deliver, monitor, or improve the Site and Services. Saleshandy may, at Customer’s request and on Customer’s behalf, share Customer information with Customer’s own third party service providers (for example, information about your use of the Site and Services may be shared via API with a CRM system such as Salesforce). Any transfers to third parties are covered by the provisions of this privacy policy pertaining to notice and choice as well as the applicable agreements governing our relationship with our Customers. These third parties are authorized to use your PII only as necessary to provide services to Saleshandy.

We may also share your information in connection with the following:  
Legal Compliance: Saleshandy reserves the right to use or disclose any information provided by Visitors, Customers or Viewers if required by law, to investigate fraud, or if Saleshandy reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect your safety or the safety of others, Saleshandy’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena or other legal process, or to any third party with your prior consent to do so.  
As Part of an Asset Transfer: In the event Saleshandy goes through a business transaction such as a merger, an acquisition by another company, or a sale of all or a portion of its assets to which this privacy policy relates, your information will likely be among the assets transferred and you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of such change in ownership or a change in the use of your PII, as well as any choices you may have regarding your PII. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur.  
Cross-Border Transfer: Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, or other governmental jurisdiction where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide PII to us, we may transfer the information to the United States and processes it there.  
Security  
Saleshandy protects your information online by using industry standard encryption methods to prevent unauthorized access to Content, data, and Customer account information stored on our servers. To learn more about encryption generally, please click here.  
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, or your login credentials to our platform, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). To learn more about SSL, please click here. We protect PII in our databases, and any sensitive transmission of passwords and authentication tokens are transmitted using HTTPS (TLS 1.0/1.2). If you are a Customer of Saleshandy and wish have SSL enabled throughout the Services, please contact your Saleshandy account manager or sales representative.  
Saleshandy and its service providers also maintain strict physical security at properties and facilities and only provide access to authorized personnel.  
Access to the information you provide us with is restricted to those of our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Site or Services.  
While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  
If you have any questions about security on our Site or Services, you can email us at hello@saleshandy.com.  
Children  
The Services and Site are not intended for use by children under the age of 18, and we do not intentionally collect any information from users under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided Saleshandy with PII, he or she should contact us at hello@saleshandy.com. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected such information through our Site, please notify us at hello@saleshandy.com, so that we may immediately delete the information from our servers.

Testimonials  
Saleshandy displays endorsements, as well as personal testimonials of satisfied Customers on our site. With your consent Saleshandy may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you may contact us at hello@saleshandy.com.

Social Media Widgets  
The Saleshandy Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook ‘Like’ button and widgets, such as a ‘Share this’ button or interactive mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.

Blog and Forum

Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your PII from our blog or community forum, contact us at hello@saleshandy.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your PII, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.  
Our blog is also managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the PII that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.

How Can You Review or Request Changes to Your Information?

Customers may update, delete, access, or change their account information by editing their user, group, or team records within the account management pages of the Site. To update a Customer profile, login to your Saleshandy account at https://www.saleshandy.com/. and click on “My Account.” or by emailing us at hello@saleshandy.com. You will then be able to change your name, address and phone number, which notification emails you receive from us, and your Live Pitch link URL and your password. We will respond to any requests for access to personal information within 30 days of receipt of such request.  
We will retain Customer information for as long as Customer’s account is active, as needed to provide Customers the Services, or as otherwise set forth in the agreement governing Customer’s use of the Saleshandy Services. We will retain and use Customer information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  
To update Customer billing information, contact your account manager or email dhruv@Saleshandy.com for assistance.  
Saleshandy collects information under the direction of its Clients and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service.  
Saleshandy has no direct relationship with the individuals whose PII it processes on behalf of its Customers. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the data controller (i.e. Saleshandy’s Customer). If the Customer requests Saleshandy remove the data, Saleshandy will respond to their request within 30 business days of its receipt of such request.  
Saleshandy will retain PII we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as such Customer’s account is active or as needed to provide Services, or as stated in the governing agreement between Saleshandy and Customer. Saleshandy will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements  
If you are a Viewer, you may opt-out of receiving emails you receive from Saleshandy or specific Customers by clicking on the “opt-out” link at the bottom of the email you received, or you may email us at hello@saleshandy.com.  
If you have signed up to receive marketing emails from Saleshandy, you can opt-out of receiving future marketing emails by following the foregoing process. Customers cannot opt-out of receiving all transactional emails related to their Saleshandy account, but may change their account settings (as described above) to reduce the frequency or eliminate certain Saleshandy notification emails.
