> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the heiaheia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130622032829id_/https%3A//www.heiaheia.com/pages/5) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HeiaHeia - a fun way to keep fit and stay healthy!

Our Privacy Policy is designed to protect your privacy and to help you understand, how we collect and use your personal information. By using or accessing Heiaheia, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

HeiaHeia Privacy Principles: 

  * You have control over your personal information: you decide, how much of your personal details you want to share with others.
  * We store the information collected during the registration process, such as your email address, in order to provide the service. We also store your training log information and potentially other information created at the service.
  * Training log contents are by default public information: that is the nature of this service - easily sharing your sports activities with others.
  * We do not sell, rent, loan or give out your name, email address, or other personal information to anyone. However, if the service or all of its assets would be acquired, customer information may be transferred to the acquiring party.
  * Your personal data may be transferred across international borders to server locations supporting the service.
  * We fulfill the requirements of the Personal Data Act ยง26 of the Finnish law (see below).
  * No security system is impenetrable and security risks exist in any system. However, we make consistent efforts to keep your information secure.
  * Changes to our privacy policy will be posted at our web site and at our blog.



If you have any privacy related questions or suggestions, please let us know.

Customer register information according to the Personal Data Act (HetiL 523/99, ยง10) of the Finnish law:

  1. The register is maintained by: Mooze Oy (Ltd) heia@heiaheia.com
  2. Register name: HeiaHeia customer register
  3. Purpose of use: The register is used for providing the HeiaHeia service and for managing customer relations between Mooze Oy and its customers. Register information is not used for direct marketing without the customer's consent.
  4. Register content 
    * The customer's personal data (name, birthday)
    * Unique customer ID
    * The customer's contact information (email)
    * The customer's hometown
    * The customer's biometric information (height, weight)
    * The customer's excercise targets
    * Types of excercise (sports) of interest to the customer
    * The customer's training log information
    * The customer's social connections in the service
    * The customer's messaging history in the service
    * Newsletter sending permission (email direct marketing)
    * The customer's advertisement click-through history in the service
    * Email messages sent to the customer from HeiaHeia service (message content and header)
    * Internet-server technical logs (including customer's IP-address and browser information)
  5. Information sources Information provided by customer him/herself or generated by the HeiaHeia service.
  6. Register protection principles The data is stored in a MySQL database, which is located on servers run by Linode LLC, a US/EU Safe Harbor certified web hosting company. This certification program is designed to provide a high level of assurance that U.S.-based organizations meet EU standards for strong privacy protection and the proper handling of personal information.


