> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 22apple.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124082453id_/http%3A//22apple.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### Privacy Policy

Beijing Elex Technology Co. Ltd. (''Elex'') is committed to preserving the privacy of our users. This Privacy Statement explains which information we collect and how we use it.

The Elex website (''Elex Website'') entitles our users to use Elex software (the ''Software), both online and after downloading it. To improve our site, we use cookies to save our users' usernames and passwords so that they don't have to re-enter them each time they visit the Elex site. We might also use cookies in the Software to allow us to track from which vendor users purchased Elex. We also offer our users the option of receiving Help Desk support and our newsletters. As part of the registration process, after downloading the Software, Elex requests the following information: the user's age range, gender, country, zip code, e-mail address and general interests. The purpose of gathering this information is to help Elex provide better service to our users and aggregate information to third parties interested in usage patterns of different demographic groups. Elex may share information about users with business partners, sponsors and other third parties; however, we do so only in the aggregate and never on a personal basis. Personal information might be collected also via live chat, contact form and telephone support. This basic information will be used in order to help users with their requests when contacting Elex.

Elex uses this information to contact our users with information related to our Software and services provided through the Elex Website (''Services''), to personalize the Services, to help us understand the use of the Services, and to describe the Elex customer base in general terms to prospective users and the media. When our customers use the Software and Services, we collect and categorize aggregated data, which remains anonymous.

Our users can at any time add, remove or revise e-mail addresses and any other information previously provided to Elex, as well as opting-out of receiving our newsletter by sending an email to [sales@22find.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124082453id_/http%3A//22apple.com/sales@22find.com) or by revising the registration form provided with the downloaded software. When downloading the Trial version of Elex users MUST supply their email address and fill in the registration form. We use this information only in the aggregate, and to send newsletters about the Software, and in order to send a license code for Elex.

The Elex Website contains links to other sites from which the Software can be downloaded. Elex does not share any information provided by our users with these sites. Additionally, Elex is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

From time to time, we may also ask users, optionally, to fill out an online survey to assist us in evaluating the demand for new versions of our Software. These surveys ask visitors for contact information (i.e., name and email address), to facilitate notifying interested customers of new products and services offered by Elex.

We also have security measures (such as firewall protection on our servers and PC's) installed to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the user information under our control. Users should also be aware of the following: a. The details users elect to post during the registration procedure or thereafter become the property of Elex upon receipt by Elex; b. Elex checks for the following information when using Elex software: your operating system, Elex Software version, browser version, connectivity, and information regarding your use and the configuration of the Elex Software ("Parameters") . Parameters are collected in order to provide you with the Software and Services subject to the provisions of this privacy policy hereof and of the Elex's License Agreement (the "License"), as well as in order to verify that the terms and conditions of the License are not being violated; c. Elex gathers information related to our users' use of the our Software (''Usage Patterns'') to better understand how such users, as a group, use the software and the various features thereof, as well as to help Elex tailor offerings to user groups with specific profiles, and to conduct market research. The Parameters and the Usage Patterns may be used in the aggregate for commercial purposes, including without limitation, for marketing, co-registration to other services, promotional activities or any other activity, including, without limitation, the protection of Elex's proprietary and other rights all subject to the provisions herein.

Questions about this privacy statement should be directed to [sales@22find.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124082453id_/http%3A//22apple.com/sales@22find.com).
