> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the makemechic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171210213220id_/http%3A//www.makemechic.com/Privacy-Policy-a-633.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

MakeMeChic.com ("we," us," "our," and henceforth referred to as "MakeMeChic") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we are committed to protecting your privacy. We want you to have an enjoyable shopping experience and while it is necessary for us to collect certain personal information, we respect and protect your right to privacy as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to our websites (including MakeMeChic.com), mobile applications and related services (collectively, the "Services") collection and use of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you access and use the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites to which we link. You agree that your use of the Services signifies that you have read and consent to the collection, use and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Services.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?  
PERSONAL INFORMATION

When you purchase products on MakeMeChic, we ask you for personal information. We use this information to process your orders and to communicate with you about the status of your membership, orders, and other transactions with us.

Registration with us is mandatory in order to place orders and fully use the Services. During the registration process, whether through our website or through a social network, we collect personal information. The types of personal information collected may include your name, email address, gender, age or birth date, zip code, country, IP address, browser information, social media name, your credit card number, credit card security code, expiration date, telephone number, billing address, and shipping address. We use your telephone number only if there is an order-related issue; never for marketing purposes. Our server stores some of this information so that placing future orders will be quicker and easier.

Information in a form that (a) is aggregated with other information, (b) anonymized, or (c) is otherwise is detached, combined, organized, segmented, modified or processed, in each case so as not to be reasonably capable of being associated with you, will not be considered Personal Information, and will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy as to use, sharing or otherwise. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features, and you may not be able to complete a purchase through the Website. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to purchase items, improving the content of the Website, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features.

If you create an account using your login from a third party service, like Facebook, we will access and collect the information that your privacy settings on that third party service permits us to access so that we can create your account for you. We may also collect the contact information of your friends, if you choose to connect your contacts and address book information with your account, so that you can connect with your friends when you use our Services.

AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

Like many Web sites on the Internet, we automatically receive and store certain information whenever you interact with MakeMeChic or use our Services to (i) better understand, improve and modify the Services, (ii) better understand how the Services are used and experienced, and (iii) better understand how we can enhance your or others overall experience on one or more of the Services, including providing advertising and other information that is relevant to you. MakeMeChic automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, the page you requested, and any items you may purchase and your billing history. This information may be used to customize the content you see on our Website or to communicate with you about specials and new features.

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website or services. Usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its components may also be used in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of the Website or services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve those services. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our site. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use their services and our Website, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. MakeMeChic never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.

COOKIES

Upon visiting MakeMeChic, we may place cookies on your computer’s hard drive. (Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive.) Cookies allow us to track the items you purchase, and help us match your address and credit card information with your order so you don’t need to retype the information each time you visit MakeMeChic. You are always free to decline any cookies we use if your internet browser permits, however if your browser is set to not accept cookies, you will not be able to purchase items on MakeMeChic.

We also use cookies to gather usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our site and its various pages. We analyze this data to assess our product lines offered on our site. Automatically logged information is also used to analyze trends and to administer the site.

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY  
MakeMeChic is not directed at children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. If you are not 18 years of age or older, you are not authorized to use the Services. If you have knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to us, please email service@MakeMeChic.com.

USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION  
Except as described in this section, we will not sell, rent or disclose your personal information to any third parties.

User-Requested Services and Information: For information, features, products and services offered and/or provided by the Services, the information you submit is used by us to provide the information, feature, product or service you've requested, including being used for internal purposes such as tracking your order, analyzing your preferences, and noting trends and statistics. Personal Information will be shared by us only to fulfill your request or to facilitate your use of the information, features, products or services, or as otherwise outlined herein.

For example, MakeMeChic may use other companies (1) to perform supporting functions for the various tools, functionality, information, products and services offered on or through our Services on our behalf, such as shipping, (2) to perform or support various tasks or initiatives instrumental to the business of, or related to operating or improving, the Services or (3) to assist us in testing, maintaining or improving the features, content or effectiveness of the Services or in performing research or development. These service providers (for example, credit card processing companies to bill you for goods purchased on the Services, email service providers to send out emails on our behalf, etc.) may be permitted to receive and use information collected from you or for internal purposes on an aggregated and/or anonymous basis (where you cannot be personally identified), but are not authorized by us to use Personal Information for any other purpose other than in connection with performing these support functions.

Protection of rights: MakeMeChic may release personal information when we believe in good faith that the release of information is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of MakeMeChic, our employees, our users, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Business or Asset transfers: As we grow our business, we may choose to buy or sell assets. Customer information is generally one of the business assets that would be transferred. You acknowledge such transfers may occur and an acquirer may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Registration Information: The Personal Information you provide when you become a registered user of and create an account on one of the Services is used primarily to provide the information, features, products and/or services you purchase or request, to help us customize or enhance your or others’ online experience, and to increase the convenience of accessing new or existing tools, products and services on the Services. Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system, and together with your password, is designed to help us prevent unauthorized access to information you choose to store on the Services. The data you give us about your personal preferences and demographics (e.g., your age, ZIP code, or the like) may be used to help us offer tailored content, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to you.

Promotions and Marketing: During your registration, you agree to receive electronic communications from us; these electronic communications will be used to inform you of new products, promotional announcements, special offers and other correspondence. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained at the bottom of each email. You can also email service@MakeMeChic.com and request to stop sending such electronic communications to you. Despite unsubscribing, MakeMeChic may still contact you regarding your order(s), purchase(s) or any issues relating business you conduct with us.

Please note that in certain instances, your name and/or email address may have been provided to us through our friend referral program. In this case, we may contact you via a one-time email. We store this information for the purpose of sending this one-time email and other internal purposes, including but not limited to tracking the success of our referral program. You may contact us at service@MakeMeChic.com to request that we remove your information from our database.

NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION

Automatically Gathered Information: Information that is automatically gathered, including through the use of cookies (as defined above), may be shared with other third parties, including service providers and others, so that we may better understand how the Services are used, to enhance the overall experience on the Services, and otherwise in connection with our operation of the Services and conducting related business. When such information is shared with third parties, any Personal Information will be included only if first put in aggregated or other protected form or the third party is contractually restricted from using such Personal Information for any purpose other than in connection with the purpose for which it was shared.

SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES

We allow you to link your Facebook account to our Service. You can decide whether or not your activity on the Service will be shared and disclosed on your Facebook service. You can disable this feature at any time by going to Account > Edit Account Information, uncheck Publish Actions to Facebook, and click the Save button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features on our Services are either hosted by a third party or directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the respective privacy policy of the company providing such feature(s).

PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  
When you provide us with your personal information, that information is encrypted with industry-standard Secure Socket Layers ("SSL") encryption to keep your online order safe and secure. When the letters "http" in the URL address change to "https", the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL. Company also maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect your Personal Information. This encryption process helps ensure that the information you give us is protected against unauthorized access.

We have implemented technology and security features, as well as strict internal guidelines, to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. While we make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

MakeMeChic may contain links to other sites. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of other sites. When linking to another site, please read the privacy policy stated on that site.

ACCOUNT ACCESS  
You can access your account from every page on the site, excluding the pages contained in the Checkout Process, to update and correct your name, email address, password, postal address, and mailing list preferences. You can change this information at any time, but must be signed into MakeMeChic to access this information. If you have forgotten your password, click "I forgot my password" on the Sign in page to reset it.

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS  
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to service@MakeMeChic.com or write to us at the following address:

MakeMeChic  
Legal Department

  1601 West Mission Blvd Building 100  
Pomona, CA 91766  
Email: service@makemechic.com

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above. MakeMeChic may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our MakeMeChic or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the MakeMeChic after such changes have been first posted.
