> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the makeextraincomeathome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609033210id_/http%3A//makeextraincomeathome.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - FTC Disclaimer - Income at Home

**0** Flares **0** Flares ×

This privacy policy sets out how INCOME AT HOME uses and protects any information that you give [to us] when you use our website.

  1. Product disclosure: Income at home is an affiliate for each product listed on our website and earns commissions based on sales made through the site.
  2. Introduction: MakeExtraIncomeAtHome.com is a website that is owned and managed by Income at home. Our web based portal respects the privacy of each of our users and clients. This privacy policy intends to explain how the website collects, stores, uses, and discloses personal information that are being provided to us. By accessing and making use of the website you confirm your unconditional consent with the way we collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information in the manner set out in this privacy policy.
  3. Terms of use: Your use of MakeExtraIncomeAtHome.com is guided by our terms of use. Accordingly, you must read this privacy policy in conjunction with our terms of use.
  4. Collecting your personal information: We may collect personal information from our visitors (including, without limit action, your name, email address, phone number, and postal address) when each visitor uses this website. Each individual may decide not to provide personal information to us. However, when that happens, we may not be able to provide them with access to certain information or products.
  5. Automated collection: When you are visiting this website, we may use automated tools and methods (such as cookies, sessions, and usage monitoring software) to collect certain information related to your visit. This data will be used in aggregate form to evaluate how this website is being used (for instance: to analyze usage patterns in order to improve the user experience). Except as set out in this privacy policy, we will not disclose any such information except in aggregate form.
  6. Cookies: MakeExtraIncomeAtHome.com may use sessions and cookies to provide you with certain services or functionality. Cookies and sessions may be used to identify the visitor as an individual user of our site. We use this technology to, amongst other things. It is important to mention that a cookie will not give us access to any data on your computer other than the data stored in the cookie itself. If you configure your web browser to not accept cookies, you may experience a loss of functionality as a result of this action.
  7. Additional collection: We may gather additional information if we are concerned, for instance, about atypical website usage patterns or website security breaches.
  8. Use: We may use the personal information collected to: provide users with services and information that they have requested; provide users with important notices and information about the site and our services; provide users with other information (including promotional material, news, and event information) where they agree to receive such information; verify their identity and to assist them if they forget username or password; improve or update our website and the products being promoted; respond to enquiries and communicate with users; and personalize this website in compliance with their preferences.
  9. Other use and disclosure: Income at home will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties whatsoever. We may disclose your personal information to our professional advisors, contractors, business associates, related companies, and others who have agreed to treat your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Income at home will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information except: for any purpose set out in clause 6; where you have otherwise authorized us to do so; where we have given you notification of the intended use or disclosure and you have not objected to that use or disclosure; where we believe that such use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for national security in the performance of their functions; where Income at home believes that such use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce any legal rights we may have, or is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of us, our clients, users, or others; or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
  10. Third party websites: This website may contain hyperlinks to sites operated by third parties. Income at home is not responsible for the content of such sites, or the manner in which those sites collect, store, use, and distribute any personal data you provide. When you visit third party websites from hyperlinks displayed on our website, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of those sites so that you can understand how the personal information you provide may be collected, stored, used and distributed.
  11. Right to access and request correction: It is important to us that the personal data we hold about you is accurate, complete and up to date. If you are aware of that fact and would like your personal information be corrected, or simply desire access to your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer. You may request access to your personal data that we (or our contractors) hold. Where you make any such request: we may ask you to put your request in writing; in some circumstances permitted by law, we may not provide such information to you (and we may not be able to require our contractors provide such information to you); we decide not to correct or provide you with access to your personal information, we will give you our reasons for our decision; where we provide the requested information or carry out the requested correction (or where we attach to that information a statement of any correction sought but not made), we may require you to pay a reasonable fee determined by us.
  12. Changes to our privacy policy: Income at home reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the revised privacy policy on the website. If you continue to use this website or if you provide any personal information after this privacy policy has been changed, this will deemed your conclusive agreement with any such changes.


