> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the makeupalley.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521045324id_/http%3A//www.makeupalley.com/content/content.asp/s%3D0/c%3DPrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MakeupAlley Privacy Policy

MakeupAlley is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We sometimes collect personal information from our users. MakeupAlley maintains the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users. We do not disclose personal information to any outside party. 

When registering for MakeupAlley.com or any of its related services, we ask you to provide certain personal information. This information is for internal use only and will not be distributed or sold to any parties outside MakeupAlley. We strive to create contests and content which require a very minimal amount of information from our users. Our online surveys and contests sometimes ask users for contact information (like their email addresses) or information about their hobbies or interests. This information is also only for internal purposes and will not be shared with any party outside MakeupAlley. 

You should be aware that when you are on MakeupAlley.com you might be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. Every site on the web has a different privacy policy and different policies regarding your personal information. The privacy policies and the practices of sites outside of MakeupAlley.com and all of its services are beyond our control. It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policies of any and all websites you visit on the world wide web. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up on the web. 

By using this site, you signify your assent to the MakeupAlley privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of our site following posted changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes. You can send email to us with any further questions. 

At MakeupAlley, we recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on our site to provide you with a superior experience. When you register, we will ask you to set up an account, which includes your name, e-mail address and optionally your mailing address and various beauty related questions. In addition, we ask that you indicate whether you would like to receive e-mail from MakeupAlley or sponsors or partners keeping you informed of news or features. 

We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party, unless legally required to do so. We may share non-personal, summary, or aggregate data with partners and other third parties.
