> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the makerstudios.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209123540id_/http%3A//www.makerstudios.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

## PRIVACY POLICY - COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY

The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is August 1, 2012. This version of the policy replaces and supersedes any prior privacy policies applicable to this website.

## SUMMARY AND CONTACT INFORMATION

We at Maker Studios, Inc. (referred to as “Maker Studios”) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of individual-specific information ("Information”) collected about our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "Customers," "you" or "your"). At Maker Studios, it is our intention to give you as much control as possible over your privacy in regard to your Information and the use we make of it in the course of your use of our website(s) located at www.makerstudios.com (referred to as "Website" or "our Site"). This Privacy Policy describes how we handle information we learn about you from our Website. It describes the types of information we collect and explains what we do with that information. If you have questions about this policy or wish to contact us, we can be reached via any of the following: Maker Studios, Inc. 13428 Maxella Ave #525 Los Angeles CA 90292 Phone: 310-606-2182 Email: privacy@makerstudios.com

## COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION

Maker Studios is the sole owner of the information collected on this Website. We collect information from our users in a number of different ways, as detailed below. The information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our Site. Please note that we do not collect personally-identifying information about you, including your name, email address, telephone number or postal address, when you visit our Site, unless you choose to provide such information to us by registering with us, setting up an account, and/or contacting us regarding the Site or our services. If at any time you do provide us with such information, we will collect it. User Submission You may provide information through optional and voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to become a part of Maker Studios’ talent network. Visitors also provide information on our Site to contact Maker Studios to get further information about Maker Studios, its talent, services, and/or other information. Log Files and Analytical Information For each visitor to our Website, we automatically gather certain information and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We collect and store this information on an individual basis and in aggregate, or combined, form. We also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We also use this information to improve the content of our web pages, and to customize the content and layout of our pages. All of this is done with the intention of making our Site more useful to visitors. We do not correlate this information with data about individual users. We use one or more third-party tracking services to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our Site in the aggregate. These third-party services may use JavaScript, pixels, transparent GIF files, and other means to enable us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Website. Any information we track in this manner is anonymous, limited to usage and volume statistics, and is used to provide insight into the effectiveness of our online marketing initiatives and strategies. We do not divulge any information about an individual user to a third party. Cookies We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this Website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We may link the information we store in cookies to your personal information in order to provide a faster and more pleasant online experience. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some areas of our Site will be limited. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. We use session cookies to record session information, such as which web pages a user has visited, and to track user activity on the Site. Session cookies expire when you close your browser. We use persistent cookies to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Site. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser’s “help” file. Use of Personally-Identifying Information by Maker Studios We will use personally-identifying information in connection with the purpose for which you provided it (e.g., to contact you with a response to a request for information or consideration). We will communicate with you by email or telephone. Maker Studios may also use this information to send you information on products, services, special offers and promotions in which you might have an interest. The means by which Maker Studios will use to contact you with this information will depend on the type of information you have provided. For example, if you provide us with your email address, you may receive periodic promotional emails from us. If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services. If you do not wish to receive special offers and other promotional information from us, you may opt out of receiving such communications, as discussed below. Use of Personally-Identifying Information by Third Parties As a general rule, Maker Studios will not disclose any of your personal information except to our affiliated companies and except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or under the circumstances described below. The following describes some of the ways in which your information may be disclosed. We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our agents, including agencies or third-party vendors used to aggregate demographic information, provide marketing analysis and consult on advertising strategies. This information does not identify individual users. We do not link this aggregate user data with personally-identifying information. We do not rent or sell email addresses, postal addresses or telephone contact information to third parties, or otherwise share any personally-identifying information we collect, with any third parties (other than our affiliated entities) except as set forth below. We reserve the right to transfer personally-identifying information to a third party in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of Maker Studios and/or its assets. We reserve the right to transfer personally-identifying information to a third party as required by law or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, to comply with a court order or other legal process, and otherwise to cooperate with authorities in connection with investigations of crimes or other wrongdoing. If we do share personally-identifying information with an entity working on our behalf, we will employ commercially-appropriate procedures to help ensure that the disclosed information is used only for authorized purposes by authorized persons, and that safeguards are in place to help maintain the security, integrity and privacy of the information. You may opt out of having your information shared with entities working on our behalf, as discussed below. However, should you do so, you should be aware that we may not thereafter be able to provide you with our full range of services.

## OPT OUT PROCEDURES

If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, please let us know by using the opt-out response device that can be found at the bottom of every email we deliver or by emailing us at privacy@makerstudios.com. To help us process your request, please include sufficient information for us to identify you in our records (your email address will suffice). Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request. If you do not wish for us to share your personally-identifying information with any third parties working on our behalf to serve our customers, please let us know by sending your request to Maker Studios Inc. 13428 Maxella Ave #525 Los Angeles CA 90016 or privacy@makerstudios.com. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request. Please note that, although you can opt not to receive promotional messages, we reserve the right to send you informational email messages about any user account you establish on this Website or administrative notices regarding the site, as permitted under the CAN-SPAM Act (15 U.S.C. §7701 et seq.).

## INFORMATION ACCESS

Upon request we provide Site visitors with access to their own personally-identifying contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. You can access this information by sending your request to: Maker Studios Inc. 13428 Maxella Ave #525 Los Angeles CA 90016 or privacy@makerstudios.com. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records. We reserve the right to ask for information verifying your identity prior to disclosing any information to you. Should we ask for verification, the information you provide to verify your identify will be used only for that purpose, and all copies of this information in our possession will be destroyed when the process is complete. We also offer visitors the opportunity to have inaccuracies corrected in all information we maintain about them. Contact Maker Studios Inc. 13428 Maxella Ave #525 Los Angeles CA 90016 or privacy@makerstudios.com. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.

## SECURITY

The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, and to guard that information against loss, misuse or alteration. When you enter sensitive and/or personally-identifying information on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Please note, however, that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we use commercially-reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## CHILDREN

Maker Studios does not offer its services or promote its Website to, nor does it intentionally collect or retain personal information from, children who are younger than 13 years of age. Visitors to the Website are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail or through the Website will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by Federal or State law, be subject to public access. If you believe your child may have submitted information to Maker Studios without indicating their actual age and would like it removed, please contact us at Maker Studios Inc. 13428 Maxella Ave #525 Los Angeles CA 90016 or privacy@makerstudios.com and we will delete it immediately.

## THIRD PARTY SITES

This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by this Website. From time to time, this Website may link you to other sites (“Linked Sites”) that are not owned by Maker Studios. We do not control the collection or use of any information, including personally-identifying information, which occurs during your visit to the Linked Sites. Further, we make no representations about the privacy policies or practices of the Linked Sites, and Maker Studios is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Linked Sites. Be careful of disclosing any of your personally identifiable information when leaving our Site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change materially at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Website. If we have collected personally-identifying information from you, we will notify you about the changes prior to making use of your information in new ways and will provide you with a reasonable opportunity to opt out of the new procedures before they are implemented. We will also honor opt out requests made following implementation of the new procedures, as discussed above. QUESTIONS/CONCERNS If you believe that this Site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address, or state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.

## CONSENT

By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Maker Studios. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

Scroll To Top
