> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the makingcosmetics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030604015930id_/http%3A//www.makingcosmetics.com/about/03_privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Make Your Own Cosmetics: Privacy Statement

  | 

SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY will not collect or retain any information about you personally (that is, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily. When you make a purchase from the our website, we will also ask for your credit card information, as well as, billing and shipping information. We will send out confirming e-mails whenever you make a purchase, to inform you that we received your personal information or to confirm your purchase. 

**Third Parties** : If you do provide us with personal information, we may retain and use that information for several purposes. First, we may store and process the information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. Second, we may retain information about your previous purchases of SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY products in order to customize our website services for your future visits to the site. If you made a purchase, we will need to retain certain information for billing and shipping purposes All the information provided by you will not be shared with third parties. 

**Children** : SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY does not intend to collect any personal information (such as, name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from children under thirteen years of age. If a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with such information would like the information deleted from our records, he or she should contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this policy statement. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files.

**Cookies** : When you view our website, we may store some information in the form of a "cookie" or similar file that is automatically downloaded to your computer. Cookies enable us, among other things, to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. Please be assured that cookies are safe. They are not programs that can be used to damage files, and personal information cannot be gathered from them. If you do not want cookies sent to or stored on your system, most Internet Browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, prevent them from being stored or trigger a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions. 

**Links to other Sites** : We cannot ensure the protection of any personal information that you provide to a third-party site that links to or from the SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY website, since these third-party sites are owned and operated independently. These third-party sites may have their separate privacy and data collection practices that are beyond our control. Any personal information that you provide to these third-party sites will be regulated by their privacy policy, if any. SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY can assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of these third-party sites, and cannot be responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites. 

**Security Precautions** : We are aware that you may be concerned about the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information, including, in the case of a purchase of goods, credit card and billing address information. Therefore, we have taken precautions to ensure that this information is safe and secure. Concerning credit card information, we protect your transactions using a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL, and most are, your sensitive information will automatically be encrypted before being sent over the Internet. You should also know that we do not store your credit card or ordering information on our Internet server. However, no data transmission over the Internet will be 100% secure. While we take steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Upon receiving your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. However, you are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information. 

**Acceptance of these Terms** : By using this website, you agree to this Security and Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY website. SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the SOMERSET COSMETIC COMPANY website following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes. 

**Contact** : To contact us please send us e-mail to: [ somerset@makingcosmetics.com](mailto:somerset@makingcosmetics.com)

|  
