> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the makingyoulive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121016061319id_/http%3A//www.makingyoulive.com/policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Create a Website in 10 Minutes and Make it Free - Making You Live!

### MakingYouLive.com Privacy Policy

This policy covers how MakingYouLive.com ("MYL," "we," "us," or "our") treats personal information that it collects and receives on [www.makingyoulive.com.](https://web.archive.org/web/20121016061319id_/http%3A//www.makingyoulive.com/index.php) We are not in the business of selling information about our users. We use information shared with us for the sole purpose of running and improving our web services. This notice tells you what information we collect, steps we take to protect and secure it, how we use and share information, and finally, how you can contact us with questions or concerns. Please note that this Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible in any manner for, any information you provide to third parties in connection with web sites hosted by MYL or how the third parties who operate such User Sites may use the personal information you provide to them. Such information is subject to the privacy practices of such User Site, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to them. By using the MYL services and/or the [www.makingyoulive.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20121016061319id_/http%3A//www.makingyoulive.com/index.php) Web Site, you consent to any transfer of personal information, collected by MYL, outside your country for the purposes of storing the information where MYL and/or its agents maintain their facilities. 

We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to the way we use your personally identifiable information, we will notify you here, post a new policy on our Site and update the "last updated" date set forth above, or by email. Therefore, we encourage you to check our Policy whenever you use the service to see if it has been updated since your last visit. Your use of the Site after the revised Policy has been posted will constitute your consent to such revised Policy. 

We can be reached via e-mail at [privacy@makingyoulive.com](mailto:privacy@makingyoulive.com)

Acceptance   
By using or accessing MakingYouLive.com or any of related servcies, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy statement covers any and all actions on the www.makingyoulive.com website. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our privacy staff at [privacy@makingyoulive.com](mailto:privacy@makingyoulive.com)

Information We Gather and Share

Updating/Accessing/Amending Personally Identifiable Information   
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update your profile or delete it from your Admin account. Alternatively, you can email our Customer Support at support@makingyoulive.com

Google Analytics   
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

Billing information

IP Address   


Cookies   


Links to Other Sites   
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will leave the MYL site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as MYL. If you visit a third party website that is linked to from a MYL site, you should read that website's privacy statement before providing any personally identifiable information. 

ShareThis   
When you use ShareThis to bookmark and share our products and site, you will be taken to a third party site and note that their privacy policy governs the collection and use of the information collected on those sites. 

Information about Children   
Our service is not intended to be used by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 except in compliance with applicable law in US. 

Network and Information Security   
We use reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized release of or access to your personal data. However, we cannot guarantee that your information will not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. If MYL learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. MYL may also post a notice on the Site if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach, you should notify us at support@makingyoulive.com The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number, national ID, personal health information) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Credit card details are stored in our Payment Gateway's highly secure Payment Vault that is fully compliant with the Payment Card Industry's Data Security Standards. 

Electronic Communication   
We will communicate with you via email. MYL intends to send regular email updates and occasional promotional offers that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of these mailings at any time. If you do not want to receive marketing and promotional e-mails from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail to support@makingyoulive.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions that are included in each email communication.This will not prevent us from sending you operational, account related or other non-marketing emails. 

Contact Us   
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at support@makingyoulive.com
