> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the irelandbeforeyoudie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170627001343id_/http%3A//www.irelandbeforeyoudie.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Ireland Before You Die

This privacy policy sets out how Ireland Before You Die (“us” / “we”) use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.

We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.

We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.

## What we collect

  * We may collect the following information:
  * name
  * contact information including email address and phone number



## What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * Internal record keeping;
  * We may use the information to improve our services;
  * We may periodically send promotional emails about special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided;
  * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.



## Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. For this purpose, we will not hold your personal data for any longer than is reasonable. Further, we have taken reasonable steps to protect your information against unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, damage and destruction. Nevertheless, any personal data submitted by you is at your own risk.

## How we use cookies

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. In particular, portions of this website use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to client needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

## Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the appropriate privacy policy applicable to the relevant website being used.

## Your personal information

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.

You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email [info@irelandbeforeyoudie.com](mailto:info@irelandbeforeyoudie.com).

## Contact

If you have any queries in relation to the above please do not hesitate to email us at [info@irelandbeforeyoudie.com](mailto:info@irelandbeforeyoudie.com).
