> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tumblebooklibrary.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170615062704id_/http%3A//tumblebooklibrary.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TumbleBooks - eBooks for eKids!

**Welcome to TumbleBooks Inc.**

Welcome to TumbleBooks Inc. (“TumbleBooks”). Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before accessing and using www.TumbleBookLibrary.com, www.TumbleBookCloud.com, www.AudioBookCloud.com (collectively referred to as “the Content” or the “Site”). 

TumbleBooks is committed to principles of Internet safety and respect for your privacy. TumbleBooks acknowledges responsibility and accountability for the protection of personal information collected from those who subscribe to the Site. By accessing and using the Site, you are signifying your consent to be bound by this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). 

We share this commitment with our affiliate enterprise Tumbleweed Press. Tumbleweed Press subscribes to the same Privacy Policy set out below. 

**User access to TumbleBooks:**

The Site is made available for online use via the Internet, solely for personal use by Users. In this Privacy Policy, Users means: 

**(a) Individual persons and subscribers** authorized by TumbleBooks to access and use the Site and Content;

**(b)** In the case of subscribers that are **schools or school systems** , only those students who are currently enrolled and staff who are currently engaged with the subscriber, and their immediate families (provided, however, that TumbleBooks reserves the right to require school access to be via IP authentication in order to prevent, among other things, unauthorized use of their subscription);

**(c)** In the case of subscribers that are **libraries,** only those persons who hold a valid and current membership in the subscribing library or library system (as the case may be) and staff currently engaged by the subscriber, and their immediately families;

**(d)** In the case of **family/home subscriptions,** use is restricted to home and family members; and 

**(e)** In the case of all other subscribers, only those individuals or that set of persons identified in writing by the subscriber to TumbleBooks as Authorized End Users (as defined in TumbleBooks’ Terms of Use).

**FOR GREATER CERTAINTY, USER DOES NOT INCLUDE ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 16 (“STUDENTS”). WHILE STUDENTS MAY ACCESS THE SITE VIA A LIBRARY, SCHOOL OR FAMILY/HOME SUBSCRIPTION, TUMBLEBOOKS DOES NOT COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM STUDENTS DIRECTLY. _TUMBLEBOOKS REQUESTS THAT LIBRARY, SCHOOL AND FAMILY/HOME USERS DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ON BEHALF OF STUDENTS TO TUMBLEBOOKS._**

Please see TumbleBooks’ Terms of Use for more information about access to and use of the Site. 

**Collection of Personal Information:**

TumbleBooks is committed to ensuring Users consent to the collection of any Personal Information. When Users subscribe to and access the Site, TumbleBooks may collect some personal information from the User (but not from Students). Personal Information may include:

  * Name
  * Name, address and phone number of subscribing School (via subscription) 
  * Name, address and phone number of subscribing Library (via subscription) 
  * E-mail address of school, library or family/home authorized subscriber (but not Student e-mail)
  * Library card information and IP address (library card number, but not User or Student name) 



TumbleBooks will assign User login information to the school, library or family/home subscriber in order to allow Users to securely access the Site. While TumbleBooks does not collect Users’ login information, assigned login information will be kept on file by TumbleBooks for security reasons. Please see below for more details on retention of Personal Information. 

The purposes for which Personal Information is collected shall be identified by TumbleBooks at or before the time the Personal Information is collected. The collection of Personal Information shall be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by TumbleBooks. 

Any Personal Information retained will not be shared without Users’ consent unless TumbleBooks is required by law or otherwise. See below for more information on disclosure of Personal Information. ****

**Use and Disclosure of Personal Information:**

Personal Information shall not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the User, or as required by law. Personal Information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those identified purposes. 

TumbleBooks collects information generated by use of the Site for the purpose of assessing technical performance and enhancing User experience. From time to time TumbleBooks may also request, and Users may choose to send us Personal Information. Personal Information will also enable us, if necessary, to notify Users of any changes to TumbleBooks’ services. 

TumbleBooks may use Personal Information and data collected to generate aggregate statistics and reports for internal use. 

Non-aggregated specific Personal Information will not be sold, rented or made available to anyone other than TumbleBooks without express permission to do so. 

TumbleBooks will not sell, rent, trade, share, reveal, or disclose any Personal Information unless:

  * User provides consent; (If the User is a Student we will never convey such information except for the reasons below);
  * We reasonably believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to the Site’s operation; 
  * We are required to do so pursuant to any applicable legal or governmental order, rule, or law; 
  * We reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious or imminent threat to an individual’s life, health, safety, or well-being or to public health and safety; or 
  * We reasonably believe unlawful or improper activity has been or may be engaged and such disclosure is to aid in the investigation or prevention of such activity. 



**Protection of Personal Information:**

Personal Information collected by TumbleBooks shall be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. 

When you visit the Site and provide Personal Information, the Personal Information is processed and stored on secure servers in Canada. Upon termination of your subscription to TumbleBooks and at your request, all relevant Personal Information will be securely deleted from TumbleBooks’ database within three (3) months of the request. Any User experience information is automatically deleted after three (3) years. 

**Access to Personal Information:**

TumbleBooks shall make readily available to Users any specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of Personal Information. 

TumbleBooks is committed to ensuring Users’ Personal Information is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. Upon request, a User shall be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of his or her Personal Information and shall be given access to that information. Users may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information stored by TumbleBooks, and have it amended as appropriate.

TumbleBooks welcomes your feedback regarding the Site and Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, concerns or comments, please contact us at info@tumblebooks.com or telephone 416-781-4010 and ask for Ron Zevy.

**Cookies:**

TumbleBooks uses session and persistent cookies on the Site. Session cookies are data files temporarily installed in Users' browsers to help them login and navigate the Site, while persistent cookies are stored on computer hard drives or servers, and are used to enhance User experience (for example, Users’ favourite books and playlists). 

As Users explore the site, TumbleBooks’ servers identify specific information about Users’ devices and activity on the Site: the IP address of Users’ device, Users’ login status, TumbleBooks pages visited, TumbleBooks read, and TumbleBooks content added to Users’ playlist and list of favorites. This information is stored in the form of Cookies, which are saved on Users’ computer. TumbleBooks’ use of Cookie technology only tracks User activity on TumbleBooks’ websites, and only on the computer in use. If cookies are deleted, the information stored in the cookies will also be deleted. 

TumbleBooks uses Cookies to enhance User experience. Cookies are not used to collect information of a personal nature. TumbleBooks does not sell information collected by cookies on Sites or use the information for commerce-related purposes. Users may disable or remove cookies, however, doing so may hinder access to some Content on the Site. 

**Contact TumbleBooks:**

Your use of the Site is conditional upon your acceptance of these terms. In the case of a User that is a Student, use of the Site if conditional upon the acceptance of these terms by the Student’s parent or legal guardian, school or library User.

This Privacy Policy is subject to change and we invite Users to check back frequently.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact Ron Zevy: 

Email: [info@tumblebooks.com](mailto:info@tumblebooks.com)

Telephone 416-781-4010 
