> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drift.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130605103259id_/http%3A//www.subienet.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Subie Networks - Subaru Forums, Subaru Videos, and Subaru Resources

Subie Networks and the related sites on the network are operated or managed by HSPN Networks, LLC ("HSPN"). 

HSPN recognizes that you care about the personal information that is held about you and how that is used. HSPN recognizes that you care about the personal information that is held about you and how that is used. 

This privacy policy applies to all personal data, submitted by you, to HSPN related web sites.

By registering on one of these related websites (the "Website"), you need to submit a chosen name and contact information, more specifically an e-mail address. No extremely personal information, such as Social Security or Credit Card numbers are stored by us. 

The Website and or its ad providers also stores and reads cookies to and from your computer. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our forums and general website features to recognize your browser for when you return to this web site. By using this website, you agree that both the webserver, and any trusted 3rd party we chose, such as advertising networks, may place a tracking cookie on your machine and access it at any time during your session. In general, cookies are safe and are not a security issue when being used from 'trusted' internet sites, such as one of HSPN's websites. For information on how to manage cookies in your browser, please visit AboutCookies.org 

HSPN will not sell, transmit or distribute any data held without your prior permission or consent, unless required to do so under relevant United States legislation. All other information provided by you goes into a "public profile" and is entirely optional, all information held in that profile is held there at your own risk. This info is edited via your Control Panel in the forums. You have a legal right for the personal information held at the Website to be updated if it is incorrect or deleted if you choose. Most of this can be done through your Control Panel in the forums. If you are having issues with this, please contact us if you need help. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the Website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to this website and/or other websites on the Internet. •Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

HSPN will take all reasonable effort to ensure that all personal information about you submitted is maintained secure on our server. However, we make no warranty to this. This site is intended for individuals over the age of 13. Any information collected is intended to be of individuals over the age of 13. According to COPPA, our site does NOT cater to children. "Operators of commercial websites or online services directed to children under 13 that collect personal information from children" require a COPPA agreement and privacy policy. Since we do not cater to this age group, no COPPA exists on the Website. This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check this page for updates or changes. If you have any questions regarding your privacy, then please contact us at info at hspn dot com. 
