> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drinkhint.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190415235157id_/https%3A//www.drinkhint.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

## General Overview

Thank you for your interest in Hint! This website and all subdomains, including our blog _The Quench_ , (collectively, the “ **Site(s)** ”) are operated by Hint Inc. (“ **Hint** ,” “ **we** ,” or “ **us** ”). This privacy policy (the “Policy”) contains details regarding our practices and your choices relating to how we collect, use, and disclose personal and other information about our customers and Site users. You may provide information to us when you visit our Sites, including any subdomains or mobile versions of the Sites.

This policy is incorporated into the [Terms of Use](https://drinkhint.com/pages/terms-of-use) governing your use of our Sites. Any capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the definitions provided in our Terms of Use.  **Through your use of our Sites, you consent to the practices described in this Policy**.

Please note: This Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties, for example, when you visit a third party website or use a third-party service, even if you access it through our Sites. Please take a moment to review the privacy policies of third-party sites before you disclose information to them, as we cannot be held responsible for their actions with regard to your information.

## What types of information we collect and how we use it

We may collect personal and other information about you when you use the Sites, as described below. “ **Personal Information** ” is information which can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity, such as their name, mailing address, email address, etc. whether used alone or when combined with other personal or identifying information which is linked or linkable to a specific individual.

We typically collect Personal Information and other data from you, and use that information in the ways described in this Policy or otherwise communicated to you from time to time (subject to your consent when required by applicable laws), including the following:

**When You Make a Purchase on Our Sites**. Some purchases on our Sites are handled directly by Hint and others are managed and processed by third party service providers (such as Stripe, PayPal, and Apple Pay).  These parties may or may not be affiliated with Hint and in these cases, the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the third party will govern the data processed by the third party in the transaction. We encourage our users to be aware of how their information may be used and processed and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects Personal Information.

Hint or third party service providers may collect Personal Information from you, which may include contact information (such as your name, email, phone number, billing address, or shipping information) and financial information (such as credit card number, security code, and expiration date) when you make a purchase or register on our Sites in order to receive emails or refer a friend.  An online credit card transaction is required if you wish to make a purchase on our Sites.  We and our third party service providers use reasonable security measures when processing your Personal Information to facilitate a purchase.

We or our third party service providers use purchase information in order to administer, manage, and correspond with you about your purchase.  Further, your Personal Information may be added to our databases in order to inform you of upcoming promotions, sales, or other information that may interest you.  We or our third party service providers may also collect and store your purchase information and associate it with Personal Information about you so that we or they can personalize services and offers for you.  We may use select portions of your Personal Information, such as first name, location, and purchased product, in our advertisements.

**When You Join Our Loyalty Program.**   In order to join and receive rewards and points through our loyalty program, you must sign up for a member account that will include a valid username and password, among other account information requested. Any information you provide while participating in this program will be used to track points and to offer you rewards. The information from your account may also be compiled with other Personal Information relating to you in order to create a user profile and to provide you with relevant offers and other information. You can read more here for additional details on what Personal Information is collected through this program and how that Personal Information is used.

**Inquiries & Contact Forms**. You may contact us with questions about our products, promotions, transactions, or other matters. Any information you provide for this purpose through our Sites will be used in the context of resolving your request, answering your inquiry, or to provide additional information related to that inquiry. We may also place you on our marketing list for information related to your inquiry or which we otherwise believe would be of interest to you, and we may otherwise use your information as described in this Policy.

**When You Post Content on Our Sites**. Our Sites may enable users to post Content online, including via social media (this includes reference to the Hint Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and blog accounts and any future accounts Hint may create). If you post a comment or any other Content to social media that references our official accounts or you otherwise use your social media accounts in conjunction with your visit to our Sites, your comment or Content may appear on our Sites. We may receive certain Personal Information or other information to the extent provided to us by the social media platform; typically your name, list of social media connections, and other material provided to us by the social media service. See those third party providers for more information and to adjust your settings regarding how your Personal Information is shared with us.

**Contests and Sweepstakes**. We may operate contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions (each, a “ **Promotion** ”) through our Sites, which may require registration on our Sites or through our social media channels in order to enter. Your Personal Information may be used by us to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation, or other promotional purposes. Your entry may also result in your being added to our marketing lists. If you win a Promotion, your acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your Personal Information on our Sites or elsewhere, such as on a winner’s page.

**Newsletters, Site Emails, and Offers**. We may offer newsletters and/or other communications to share information with you about the Sites, about us and our business partners, or about third party offers or information we think would be of interest to you. In these cases, we will collect the information discussed above regarding email newsletters. When you provide this information, you may receive communications either by registering for a particular newsletter or type of information, or in conjunction with a special product or feature for which you have registered.

**Surveys or Voting.**  We may occasionally feature surveys on our Sites, which may collect certain Personal Information from you. For example, we or third parties may collect your name and email address, as well as other information related to your experience regarding one of our products. By completing the survey, you consent to the collection by us or a third party of any Personal Information and other data you provide, and use of that Personal Information and data to administer, respond to, analyze, or otherwise complete the survey process or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

**Cookies and Similar Technologies.   **Our Sites may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and similar digital tracking technologies.  Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your hard drive when you visit a website if your browser settings permit the acceptance of cookies. Cookies may enable us to recognize your computer, store your preferences and settings, enhance your user experience by delivering Content specific to your interests, perform searches and analytics, and assist with security administrative functions.  We may also use automated technologies to collect and analyze other non-personal information related to the devices you use to access the Sites, such as IP addresses, browser types, browser language, unique device identifiers, and other information about your computer(s) and/or mobile device(s). Some tracking technologies may track your activities not only on our Sites, but on third party sites you visit after you leave our Sites, and some services may aggregate this information collected from  many sites into a single profile. To learn more about cookies and similar tracking technologies, and how they can affect your privacy, visit [allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

For example, our Sites may use Google Analytics or similar tools or services to collect information about the performance and use of our Sites. Our analytics services may collect information such as how often users visit our Sites, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Sites. We use the information we get from Google Analytics and other providers to improve our Sites. Although Google Analytics places persistent cookies on your computer to identify how users arrived at a site and the number of times they return, the cookies are not intended for use by anyone but Google to provide analytics to us. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Sites is restricted by Google’s policies. You may be able to prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to the Sites by disabling cookies on your browser. To learn more about, or to opt-out of Google’s analytic and marketing services, visit [Google Analytics Terms](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) of Use, the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html), or [Google Analytics Opt-out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB).

Additionally, our Sites use cookies for retargeting online advertisements.  The main goal of retargeting ads is to re-engage site visitors after they have left the Sites. Dynamic retargeting ads are generated based on the actual products or offers viewed on the advertiser’s site. For example if you’ve visited our Sites and viewed a specific product, you might receive a banner ad containing that product.

As advertisers on Facebook and through our Facebook page, we, (not Facebook) may collect content or information from a Facebook user and such information may be used in the same manner specified in this Privacy Policy. You consent to our collection of such information.

We abide by Facebook’s Data Use Restrictions.  Any ad data collected, received or derived from our Facebook ad (“Facebook advertising data”) is only shared with someone acting on our behalf, such as our service provider. We are responsible for ensuring that our service providers protect any Facebook advertising data or any other information obtained from us, limit our use of all of that information, and keep it confidential and secure.

We do not use Facebook advertising data for any purpose (including retargeting, commingling data across multiple advertisers’ campaigns, or allowing piggybacking or redirecting with tags), except on an aggregate and anonymous basis (unless authorized by Facebook) and only to assess the performance and effectiveness of our Facebook advertising campaigns.  We do not use Facebook advertising data, including the targeting criteria for a Facebook ad, to build, append to, edit, influence, or augment user profiles, including profiles associated with any mobile device identifier or other unique identifier that identifies any particular user, browser, computer or device.  We do not transfer any Facebook advertising data (including anonymous, aggregate, or derived data) to any ad network, ad exchange, data broker or other advertising or monetization related service.

**Automatic Collection**. Our Sites automatically collect certain information from you when you use it. For example, our Sites use cookies and other similar tracking technologies to provide essential features and improve your experience when using our Sites. Additionally, through our Sites, our servers or networks may collect your device’s IP address and other device or network information. We use this information to help ensure that our Content is displayed properly, so that we can understand how, where, and through which devices users access and use our Sites, and to improve the quality and delivery of our Sites.

We may log click-stream or similar data for purposes of system administration, to improve our Sites and marketing, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and other uses related to the Sites. Click-stream data is information collected when you request pages from our Sites, and may include information such as the page served, the time, the source and type of browser making the request, the most recent page view, what you clicked on in order to arrive at our Sites, and other non-Personal Information. This data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at our Sites, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of events, content, advertising, and the like. Where permitted, we may associate click-stream, shopping cart, and other similar data with other information we hold about you so that we can personalize or improve the relevance and quality of the services or information provided.

**Other Sources of Personal Information or Data**. If we receive Personal Information or data from you through our Sites other than as described in this Policy, it will still be used and managed in accordance with this Policy, unless otherwise stated at the time you provide the information.

## To whom may the information be disclosed?

Information we collect may be disclosed to a variety of parties, depending upon the purpose for which the information was provided and the context in which it was provided.

If you register with our Sites, your information (including information related to purchases you make on our Sites or profiles you create for our loyalty program) will be aggregated and maintained as part of your profile. We may access or use such information, and we may share such information with our current or future affiliated companies, or carefully selected third parties, to provide you with information or marketing communications in which we think you may be interested. We may use your information for remarketing on social media platforms as well. We may also share select information for data analytics use or as part of a data sharing arrangement.  You may be able to opt-out of having your information shared with third parties or used for marketing communications.  Review your options by following the instructions below under “What choices do I have about collecting, using, and disclosing my information?”

In order to process your requests, we may provide your Personal Information to service providers or other companies who work on our behalf in order, for example, to deliver the goods or services you have ordered.

In addition, in the event that we go through an existing or potential business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, certain customer information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.

We may, without your consent, access and disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you to the extent we believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or any regulation, rule, or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or national security requirements; pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory, or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or we believe may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat.

## What choices do I have about collecting, using, and disclosing my information?

At any time, you may opt-out of having your information provided to third parties for marketing or other commercial purposes, and opt-out of other promotional communications from us. Specifically, you can unsubscribe from email newsletters or similar communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in every email. You may be able to opt-out of all promotional communications and information sharing for marketing purposes  by contacting us at the email address indicated below.

If you wish to take steps to opt-out of tracking by certain online advertisers, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at  _<http://www.aboutads.info/choices>_  or the Network Advertising Initiative at  _[www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp)_. Please note, most modern browsers include a “do not track” feature that may help protect your privacy. However, because there is not yet a defined response to do-not-track requests, our Sites do not respond to your browser’s do-not-track request.

## Accessing, correcting or deleting Personal Information

You may be able to access, modify, and delete (where appropriate) your Personal Information by contacting us at the email address below. We will respond to reasonable requests for access or revision and will provide access to the extent required and not prohibited by law. Where a request is made, any correspondence or application may be kept and added to your Personal Information.

We may decide not to grant access or make revisions where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in any given case, or when the rights of others would be violated by granting the access.

For residents of California (as required by California law), to obtain any Personal Information Hint has disclosed about you to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year , please message us at the email address below. To the extent required by the applicable law of your jurisdiction, Hint will allow you to access, delete, modify, or otherwise interact with Personal Information obtained through our Sites.

## Security precautions in place to protect your information

We have implemented reasonable security measures to safeguard the Personal Information you provide us. However, please keep in mind that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet, and accordingly we cannot provide any guarantee that your information will remain secure.

## Limitation of liability

By providing us with any Personal Information, you expressly and unconditionally release and hold harmless Hint, its parents, related companies, and their respective shareholders, owners, members, directors, officers, employees, and agents (collectively, the “ **Releasees** ”) from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected Personal Information. In addition, while we take reasonable steps to prevent third party companies from making unauthorized use of your Personal Information, we cannot be held liable for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected Personal Information by those third parties.

## Children's Privacy Statement

This children's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information.

This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site.

Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties. We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site. Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we do NOT condition the participation of a child under thirteen in the Site's online activities on providing personally identifiable information.

## International users

If you are accessing these Sites from outside of the United States, your information will be transferred to us in the United States. Regardless of where your information is collected or transferred, the information will be treated in accordance with this Policy.

The European Union’s General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR), which took effect on May 25, 2018, is intended to protect the data of European Union (EU) citizens. As a company that markets its site, content, products and/or services online, we do not specifically target our marketing to the EU or conduct business in or to the EU in any meaningful way. If the data that you provide to us in the course of your use of our site, content, products and/or services is governed by GDPR, we will abide by the relevant portions of the Regulation.

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), or are accessing this site from within the EEA, you may have the right to request: access to, correction of, deletion of; portability of; and restriction or objection to processing, of your personal data, from us. This includes the “right to be forgotten.”  To make any of these requests, please contact our GDPR contact at [GDPR@drinkhint.com](mailto:GDPR@drinkhint.com). 

## To Whom Do I Direct Questions or Concerns Regarding this Policy?

Contact us with any questions, concerns, or comments by emailing us at info@drinkhint.com.

This policy may be changed at any time at our discretion. If we should update this policy, we will post the updates to this page on our Site.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 19, 2018.
