> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the driversed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011232831id_/https%3A//driversed.com/about-us/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - DriversEd.com

This privacy policy describes how Interactive Solutions, Inc. ("Interactive Solutions"), Easy Driving School, LLC ("EDS"), each wholly owned entities of eDriving, LLC, and eDriving, LLC collect and use the personal information you provide us. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.

  * We do not share aggregated demographic information with anyone. We use this information for statistical purposes and to better inform the construction of our sites and courses.

  * If a user elects to become an associate and use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, once the referred friend decides to take a course, we request they provide their email address or drivers license number as a discount code. We store this information for the sole purpose of tracking the success of our referral program. If a user wishes to delete, edit, or access their information, they may do so by logging into their account or by sending an email to [ info@driversed.com](mailto:info@driversed.com). The emails sent to friends of the users are one-time emails. The friends of the users will not receive any more emails unless they choose to receive more emails or if they become a registered member of our site. Depending on the particular associate program, the referral may receive a discount for our course. Once payment has been received from a referral, the associate will receive a commission payment.

  * In the event Interactive Solutions goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sells a portion of its assets, users' personally identifiable information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email and a prominent notice will be placed on our websites for 30 days prior to change of ownership or control of their personally identifiable information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, they will be given a choice consistent with our notification changes.

  * We send all new members a welcoming email to verify successful enrollment. When an account is created, the user enters our list database, and is sent notifications relevant to the chosen course. We also send an email when the user's due date is near and after they graduate successfully. Upon graduating the course users are added to our newsletter list—these newsletters offer news, product information, and discount opportunity information across all eDriving brands.

We provide a way to opt out of our news, promotion, and associate emails. Users can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email or call our toll free number (888-651-2886) to have their emails blocked. We then remove the user's email from our mailing list. The emails that users send to their friends are one-time emails unless the friend of the user chooses to receive more emails or becomes a registered member of the site as well.

  * If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:

Interactive Solutions, Inc.  
283 4th St., Suite 301  
Oakland, CA 94607  
888-651-2886  
[info@driversed.com](mailto:info@driversed.com)

  * A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user in our servers. Cookies are only data used to "remember" where you are when visiting a website—they cannot erase or read any data on your computer. Cookies are linked to personally identifiable information while on our site. The cookies help to keep track of the user's progress while on our sites. They keep a record of the times and dates you log in and out of each section of the course. They also help our websites to remember where users log off in their individual courses. It is necessary for the users to enable cookies, as some certain features will not work without them.

The use of cookies by our partners and affiliates is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners and affiliates may use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart and other payment methods.

Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our web-based service (for details see below).

We store information that we collect through cookies to create user profiles. A profile is stored information that details what section of the course you are using. Collected information is tied to the user's personally identifiable information to help keep track of their progress. This profile is used to update the user's final certificate of completion for the course. As long as you are using our websites, cookies will be used to track your activity. Once you have completed a course, you may disable our sites' cookies in your web browser.

We may employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers' personally identifiable information.

We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.

We also use Click Chat software to operate our online customer service chat room. No new personally identifiable information is collected during these chat sessions.

  * If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), we provide a way to correct, update or delete users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the course "Summary" section or by emailing our Customer Support at [info@driversed.com](mailto:info@driversed.com). [Or use our telephone and postal information listed in the Contact Information section.]

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

  * We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email, online live support, or phone, in accordance with the user's preferences.

  * We are the sole owner of the information collected on our websites. We collect information from our users during enrollment. Confidential information about you will not be provided to anyone other than yourself, or in the case of traffic school students, the court that you have selected as responsible for your citation. Under no circumstances will we provide any details about you to junk emailers or other direct marketers. We only share your personally identifiable information with third parties only as outlined within this privacy policy or if required by law to do so.

  * The information we collect is used to help us access your record in case you are experiencing technical difficulties while taking the course. Unique identifiers such as a drivers license number, citation number, and County and State information are used to identify you as the user and to help in accurate certificate processing for your court or insurance company. Demographic information is collected to help us improve our services. By getting to know our students (age groups, education level, languages spoken), we are able to make the necessary changes to our sites and course offerings in order to better serve them.

The personally identifiable information we collect online is used for verification of your identity while taking our online course. We only share your personally identifiable information with third parties only as outlined within this privacy policy. While taking our course online, security questions will appear on the screen asking you to identify yourself. The correct answers to the questions are based on the information you provided us with during enrollment. Each course has a different security measure depending on the State where you are taking drivers education or where the citation was issued.

  * Our websites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sites and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Interactive Solutions or EDS.

  * If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.

If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email prior to the change becoming effective. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with our sites, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personally identifiable information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our websites notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.

  * One section of our DriversEd.com website titled, "I Am Not A Statistic" allows our members to write into the website and share stories to help discourage dangerous driving. When submitting stories to our site in order to have them posted, no personally identifiable information is requested from the user. However if the user includes his or her personally identifiable information in the story, it may be posted publicly on the website. Interactive Solutions, EDS, and eDriving, LLC are not responsible for any personally identifiable information you choose to post in this form. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our public forum, contact us at [info@driversed.com](mailto:info@driversed.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

  * In order to use any of our websites you must first enroll in a course. During enrollment you are required to give us your contact information (such as name, address and email address). For traffic school, we require your drivers license number, which is a unique identifier that will enable you to log into our course after the initial enrollment process. We also require personally identifiable information such as the last four digits of your social security number (in Florida and Georgia your full social security number is required), date of birth, height, weight, and eye color. Bank account and routing numbers are collected if you decide to pay by personal check. If you wish to update your account information, please email the appropriate website.

  * Our websites take every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information through our websites, their information is protected both online and off-line. Sensitive information submitted through our enrollment form is protected using SSL encryption. Our enrollment form displays the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer, indicating a secure page.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Employees have their own user name and password to access student's information in the database. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every year as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.

If users have any questions about the security of our websites, users can send an email either to the appropriate website.

  * Sometimes it might be necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement, such as if we are experiencing technical difficulties or if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance. Those who have unsubscribed from receiving emails will not receive these notices.

  * Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personally identifiable information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our websites.

  * Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

  * After the course completion, our site requests information from users via surveys. We also provide you the opportunity to participate in contests. Participation in these surveys and contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically asks the reason for choosing our site, how you heard about our site, how many times you have attended traffic school, level of computer expertise, and means of connecting to the Internet. Survey and contest information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our sites and for statistical purposes, and to deliver prizes.

  * We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at info@driversed.com.

  * We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, a live chat is provided to assist you if you have questions while user our service and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. We use two court assigned agents, Coordinated Court Services (CCS) and the National Traffic Safety Administration (NTSA), to print certificates of completion for certain counties in California. Our system only sends information that is required by the court to CCS and the NTSA to enable them to print certificates of completion, such as the student's name, drivers license number, and court docket number. For the States of Virginia and Florida, we have contracted with outside agents in each state to offer customer support and to print traffic school certificates of completion. These agents do not collect any personally identifiable information. They merely access our database to offer customer support to students in the respective states, and to print certificates of completion. They do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

We do not share website usage information about users with any third party companies except for occasional Google Site Stats ads delivered by Google. These are used by Interactive Solutions, EDS, eDriving, LLC and Google to measure the performance of the advertising Google delivers to Interactive Solutions, EDS, and eDriving, LLC through the use of cookies, small strings of text that are placed on your computer when you click on ads. These cookies typically remain active on your computer for about 30 days. If you visit certain pages on our websites, Google and our sites will confirm that you saw the ad delivered by Google.

For more information about Google Site Stats please visit: <http://services.google.com/sitestats/en_US.html>.

  * Users who no longer wish to receive email correspondence from Interactive Solutions, EDS, and eDriving, LLC may opt out of receiving communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email, or emailing the appropriate website. The user may contact us at 888-651-2886, the email addresses listed on the websites, or Interactive Solutions, Inc., P.O. Box 209, Oakland, CA 94604 to opt out.



