> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drivertuner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626054246id_/http%3A//www.drivertuner.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - DriverTuner ™

**Speedy Hldgs Limited is committed to protecting the privacy of all its users and the privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy.**  
Speedy Hldgs Limited's Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Speedy Hldgs Limited anytime you interact with Speedy Hldgs Limited, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Speedy Hldgs Limited products and services, or when you contact our sales or support associates. Please read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we protect your personal information. Your privacy is Speedy Hldgs Limited's priority, and we wil try our best to protect it.   
---  
**Why do we collect your personal information?**   
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior-level customer service. It can enable us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. What's more, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.   
**What information do we collect and how we may use it?**   
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us offer you better products or service. For example:   
**.** We may ask for your personal information when you're discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading a software update, registering for a seminar, participating in an online survey, registering your products, purchasing a product, etc.   
**.** When you interact with Speedy Hldgs Limited, we may collect the relevant personal information such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, your credit card information and information about the Speedy Hldgs Limited products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.   
**.** We also collect information such as your occupation and where you use your computer for the sake of market research to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service.   
**.** We collect information regarding customer activities on our websites. This helps us to determine whether we have provided useful information to customers and help us understand which parts of our websites, products, and Internet services are of most interest to our customers.   
**.** We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve Speedy Hldgs Limited's products and service.   
**Publicly displayed information is public!**  
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on Speedy Hldgs Limited website, you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Speedy Hldgs Limited is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to publicize information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, Speedy Hldgs Limited will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.   
When do we disclose your information?  
Speedy Hldgs Limited will take your privacy very seriously. Speedy will not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.   
  
  
**With our service providers, vendors, and strategic partners**  
There are also occasions when it may be advantageous for Speedy Hldgs Limited to make your certain personal information available to companies that Speedy Hldgs Limited has a strategic relationship with or to the peoplle who work for Speedy Hldgs Limited to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with Speedy Hldgs Limited's policies, except that we inform you at the time of collection or otherwise.  
At times, we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose your information if it is for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.   
**How do we protect your personal information?**  
Speedy Hldgs Limited will take precautions, including administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  
Speedy Hldgs Limited uses secure server hosted by Paypal, SWREG and other 3rd party credit card processors that encrypt all the customer's personal information such as name, address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, etc. before it is sent to us. Encryption works to prevent any malicious use of your personal information.  
You can also help us protect your personal data when you are on the Internet by taking precautions such as using a combination of letters and numbers as your passwords, and using a secure web browser like Safari, etc.   
**Kids**  
Speedy Hldgs Limited finds that most users are parents, guardians, or other adults who often purchase our products for family use, including use by minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 for marketing purposes, because some information is collected electronically, it can appear to be the personal information of the Speedy Hldgs Limited purchaser of the product, and will be treated as such by this privacy policy. If a child under 13 submits personal information to Speedy Hldgs Limited and we learn that that personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.   
**Cookies and other technologies**  
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, Speedy Hldgs Limited's website uses "cookies" and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience every time you interact with us.  
As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Speedy Hldgs Limited will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.   
**Anti-malware statement**  
Speedy Hldgs Limited STRONGLY OPPPOSES all forms of malware. Speedy Hldgs Limited applications will never intentionally jeopardize our customers' privacy or security. All applications are designed to be easily removable from the computer through an uninstall utility. Speedy Hldgs Limited does not employ the use of reinstallers and avoids all features that may be found in any type of malware. No Speedy Hldgs Limited application is designed to collect any personally identifiable information from any user. Speedy Hldgs Limited applications do not contain, nor are they bundled with, any third party applications (spyware, adware, malware, etc.) that would jeopardize our customers' security or their privacy. All Speedy Hldgs Limited applications pass both Kaspersky and Rising vigorous anti-virus/malware tests before public release.   
**Our companywide commitment to your privacy**  
This policy covers the Intel Corporate website and is applicable worldwide. To make sure the safety of your personal information, we communicate these guidelines to Speedy Hldgs Limited employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. 
