> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drivekool.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140727205027id_/http%3A//www.drivekool.com/en/terms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# India's #1 Driving School Booking Portal

When you use our Website, we store your browsing information. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Website to make your experience safer and easier. More importantly, while doing so we collect personal information from you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. 

In general, you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website. We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our Website. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our Website or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our Website or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address. 

We collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number.) from you when you set up a free account with us. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests. 
