> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the australianwomenonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230055958id_/http%3A//www.australianwomenonline.com/about-australian-women-online/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Australian Women Online operates the websites australianwomenonline.com and australianwomenonline.com.au. It is Australian Women Online’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, Australian Women Online collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Australian Women Online’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Australian Women Online’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Australian Women Online may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Australian Women Online also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Australian Women Online does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to Australian Women Online’s websites choose to interact with Australian Women Online in ways that require Australian Women Online to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Australian Women Online gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at australianwomenonline.com/community (”AWO Connect”) to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Australian Women Online are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Australian Women Online collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Australian Women Online. Australian Women Online does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Aggregated Statistics**  
Australian Women Online may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Australian Women Online may monitor the most popular blogs on the AWO Connect site. Australian Women Online may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Australian Women Online does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
Australian Women Online discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Australian Women Online’s behalf or to provide services available at Australian Women Online’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Australian Women Online’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Australian Women Online will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Australian Women Online discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Australian Women Online believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Australian Women Online, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Australian Women Online website and have supplied your email address, Australian Women Online may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Australian Women Online and our products. We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Australian Women Online takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Australian Women Online uses cookies to help Australian Women Online identify and track visitors, their usage of Australian Women Online website, and their website access preferences. Australian Women Online visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Australian Women Online’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Australian Women Online’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Ads**  
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Australian Women Online and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

**Comments**  
Comments and other content submitted to our anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Australian Women Online may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Australian Women Online’s sole discretion. Australian Women Online encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an AWO Account account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

_The above has been adapted from the Privacy Policy on the WordPress.com website which has been made available to Australian Women Online under a Creative Commons Sharealike license._

[](http://www.australianwomenonline.com/about-australian-women-online/privacy-policy/printpage/ "Print This Article") [Print This Article](http://www.australianwomenonline.com/about-australian-women-online/privacy-policy/printpage/ "Print This Article")   

