> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wpwhitesecurity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314091724id_/http%3A//www.wpwhitesecurity.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WP White Security Privacy Policy

WP White Security is committed to our and your privacy hence we created the following privacy policy which discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the website WPWhiteSecurity.com

## Information Automatically Logged

This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics and Clicky Analytics) and other measurement tools to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for WPWhiteSecurity.com

We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

### Disabling and enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your web browser or internet browser.

## External Links

This site contains (affiliate) links to other sites. WPWhiteSecurity.com and its authors are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.

## Personal Information

When you comment or subscribe to an email list, we ask for your name & email address. When you buy a product or service, we will ask for name and email address as well, and we might ask or gain some other info like your website’s URL. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on WP White Security, its services and products. **Your personal information will NOT be distributed** to anyone for any purpose.

## Other Information Supplied By You

Any other information submitted to us during a Support issue or a service will only be made available to us.

## Promotional Messages

You will not receive any promotional messages from us unless you opted to allow us to do so. If you do not want to receive promotional materials from us, you can opt out at any time. Please use our [contact page](https://www.wpwhitesecurity.com/contact-wp-white-security/) to send us a message clearly stating that you wish to opt out and stop receiving promotional messages.

## Security

This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

## Contacting the Website

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us on [info@wpwhitesecurity.com](mailto:info@wpwhitesecurity.com).

## Privacy Policy Changes

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to check for any change.

_This privacy policy has last been updated on 13th August 2014._
