> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qiito.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120530234229id_/http%3A//qiito.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Qiito - Discover Travel, Discover Yourself

**We take your privacy seriously.**

**Qiito Privacy Policy**

Updated Date on March 16, 2012

Qiito Pte Ltd. (“Qiito”, “our”, “us” or “we”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of [http://qiito.com](https://web.archive.org/) (this “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. 

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the Republic of Singapore or internationally. 

**Information Collection and Use**  
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, to administer your membership (together, the “Service”) and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site.

**Personally Identifiable Information**  
When you register with us through the Site to become a Member of Qiito, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name and email address. You can register to join Qiito your account with certain third party social networking sites (“SNS”) including, but not limited to, Facebook via the Site. We will extract the Personal Information you have provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) from the account you have with such SNS and use that information to create your Account; the information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS. For example, our Service allows users to create an account and login to the Service using their Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. If you are not currently registered as a Member and you click on “Sign in Using Facebook,” you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join Qiito. By using Facebook Connect, you are allowing Qiito to access your Facebook account information and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use regarding your use of the Service via Facebook.

  1. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. We will create your Account for your use of the Site based upon the Personal Information you provide and you will become a Member of Qiito.
  2. We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile webpage on Qiito (e.g., without limitation, age and individual preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”).
  3. We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service, complete your transactions, and administer your inquiries.
  4. Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Qiito Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
  5. We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Qiito newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
  6. Log Data. When you visit the Site, whether as a Member or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a “Qiito User”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as the browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Site to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and serve information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests. [We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.



**Emailing Via a Qiito Account**  
As part of the Service, Qiito Members may communicate with other Members and non-registered users through use of their Accounts. Where Members have selected the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form, the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from Qiito to those email addresses on their behalf. These email addresses will be used only for the purpose of sending the email communication to the addressee.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site and services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site,and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Social Networking Sites. We may share the information in your account (including your Personal Information) with the SNSs that you have linked to your account. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless the SNS has received your Personal Information independently of the Service) and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Facebook Connect. We allow users to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook, and give them the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into their profile and selecting the option to disable Facebook Connect.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Qiito cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including, but not limited to, subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Qiito or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

Business Transfers. Qiito may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

**Security**  
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

**Links to Other Sites**  
Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
