> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the schemecolor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191202072723id_/https%3A//www.schemecolor.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy » SchemeColor.com

[ Home](https://www.schemecolor.com/ "Go to Schemecolor.") › Privacy Policy

Your privacy is is very important for us. This page details how and when we collect, use, disseminate and protect the data provided by you while accessing and using SchemeColor.com.

## **What is Personal Data?**

As per [Art. 4 section 1 of the GDPR](http://www.privacy-regulation.eu/en/article-4-definitions-GDPR.htm) (General Data Protection Regulation), ‘personal data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes name, email address, postal address, phone number, as well as, data such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address.

## **Data collection when you visit SchemeColor.com**

You are not required to provide personal data when you visit SchemeColor.com. You can visit this web site anonymously.

However, based on your web browser, the settings of software and your computer, information such as your IP address, location, language, digital device, screen size, etc. may be passed to us. This data collection is automated and will be stored on the web server for a period of maximum 1 (one) month after which it will be deleted automatically.

## **Data collection when you register on SchemeColor.com**

You are not required to register at SchemeColor.com to access the majority of the content on the web site, post comments or provide feedback. Registration is required only if you want to post color schemes or information related to color.

The registration process is simple via an online form in which only the fields for username, first name, last name, nick name and email are required.

## **Data collection when you post a comment or send feedback via online forms on SchemeColor.com**

The two required fields in the online forms for posting comments or sending a feedback are name and email. This is to ensure a reply, if needed, and to personalise the message.

However, you can post comments anonymously the web site. We suggest using “Anonymous” and “email@example.com” if you do not want to share your actual personal data.

## **Data collection on subscribing to our newsletter**

The only information required for subscribing to our newsletter is your actual email address. In addition to sending our newsletter, we may also use the email address for advertising purposes until you unsubscribe from the newsletter service. Each newsletter contains an “Unsubscribe” link.

## **Data collection when you purchase goods or services from SchemeColor.com**

When purchasing goods (digital or otherwise) or services from SchemeColor.com, you would be required to enter the actual and correct personal information which includes name, postal address, email address, credit card details, phone number etc. Payment information will be encrypted and processed by a third party payment gateway via their secure systems.

Some of this information (excluding the credit card information) will be stored with us only to the extent necessary for providing the goods, service or execution of the contract. This data will be blocked and deleted after the execution of the service/transfer of goods/end of contract deadline unless you explicitly agree for us to use the data.

## **Display of Gravatar**

[Gravatar](https://en.gravatar.com/) is a “globally recognised avatar” which you can associate with an email address. On using the email address, the web site will display the Gravatar whenever required.

## **Cookies**

Cookies are small text files that contain a string of characters. These files are sent to your computer when you visit a web site. We use cookies to recognise the browser, store visitor preferences (for example, colors and color schemes that you have “liked” or set as “Favourite”), visitor settings and other technical information required for a smooth and error free experience on our web site.

SchemeColor.com typically uses “Session Cookies” which will be deleted once the web site is closed in the browser window. Other kind cookies need to be manually deleted by you.

**Cookies do not store personal information.**  
If you choose not to use cookies, you can change this in the web browser settings. Please note that some features of our web site may not work correctly, or at all, if you visit the web site with cookies turned off.

## **Data collection by Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing a respective browser plug-in – <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

To refuse the use of Google Analytics click on this link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: Disable Google Analytics – <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at [www.google.com/analytics/terms](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms). Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).

For further details on Google Analytics cookies usage on the site, please refer [this link](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage).

## **Data collection by Google AdSense**

SchemeColor.com uses Google AdSense to display advertisements. The ads displayed using this service can be from Google or third party vendors. AdSense uses cookies to enable Google and its partners to serve ads based on your prior visits to this web site or other websites. You may opt out of personalised advertising by visiting [Google Ads Settings](https://adssettings.google.com/) (<https://adssettings.google.com/>) and [Digital Advertising Alliance (DDA) Self-Regulatory Program](http://www.aboutads.info/) ([http://www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/)).

Adsense serves non-personalised ads to EEA uses.

## Ezoic Privacy Policy

SchemeColor.com may also use [Ezoic](https://www.ezoic.com/) technology platform to serve advertisements. The Ezoic privacy policy can be found at <https://g.ezoic.net/privacy/schemecolor.com>.

## **Affiliate Links**

If a brand/product/service is promoted on the site via affiliate links and/or banners, it would mention explicitly.

## **Protection and appropriate use of data posted on SchemeColor.com**

You can trust us with your data. The web site uses digital security systems that encrypt data during the transfer process. Your data stored on computers at our offices are also protected and available only to select employees. All our employees and service providers appointed by us are bound by us to maintain confidentiality and comply with data protection regulations.

We will never sell or provide your personal information to other companies or organisations. Your personal information is retained by us for as long as your account/subscription/contract is active on the web site or as needed to provide you with our services or as necessitated to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law (for example, to comply with a subpoena, warrant, or court order) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, avoid litigation, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.

## **Right of Disclosure and Withdrawal**

At any time and without giving any reason, you can request at no cost, information about your personal data stored by us. You can also, at any time at no cost, have your personal information blocked, corrected, deleted or revoke the consent you have given us to collect and use the data. Please use the contact form for this purpose or if you have further questions regarding our privacy policy.

By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our privacy policy. Your use of our website is subject to these policies.
