> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the schiffradio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141129190902id_/http%3A//www.schiffradio.com/pg/jsp/help/general/privacypolicy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SchiffRadio.com: Privacy Policy

SchiffRadio.com has created this Policy in order to clearly communicate our commitment to your privacy. This Policy is applicable to the SchiffRadio.com website and any other website or online communications facilities owned or operated by SchiffRadio.com. SchiffRadio.com reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. Using our web site demonstrates your consent to SchiffRadio.com's collection and use of information pursuant to this Policy, and continued use of this site following the posting of changes to this Policy will signify your acceptance of such changes. This Policy governs the use of your name, e-mail address, payment information, and similar personal information that you may provide SchiffRadio.com in the course of using our website, products or services. 

**SchiffRadio.com Collects Personal Information.** We collect personal information in order to provide certain products and services to its customers. For example, if you: 

  * Place a product order, SchiffRadio.com will collect and use your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information;
  * Request promotional items, SchiffRadio.com will collect and use your name and address, or e-mail address;
  * Post information on any of our interactive areas, SchiffRadio.com will collect information from you in order to e-mail you major updates about SchiffRadio.com, the products and services;
  * Sign-up for the SchiffRadio.com mailing list, SchiffRadio.com will collect information from you in order to facilitate the publishing of that mailing list; and
  * Send our link to friends through our website, SchiffRadio.com will collect the information from you in order to facilitate the transmission of the e-mail.

Information that you submit about yourself may be used by SchiffRadio.com to provide you requested services, communicate with you about SchiffRadio.com products, improve your online experience, or support our continuing efforts to offer you the information and services you want most. Currently, we may only share your personally identifiable information with other Peter Schiff-affiliated companies and organizations, or otherwise with your permission. However, we reserve the right to change this policy in the future by updating this web page. SchiffRadio.com does provide aggregate statistics and information about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties. We also reserve the right to share aggregate statistical data of which your personal information is a part, as well as your personally identifiable information sometime in the future. You are responsible for checking this Policy periodically to monitor any changes to our data sharing practices. 

In addition, SchiffRadio.com may, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose your personal information when required to do so by law, when SchiffRadio.com, in its sole discretion believes that you are in violation of our Terms of Service Agreement, or when you violate any state or federal laws, or SchiffRadio.com in its sole discretion deems it necessary or appropriate to protect the personal safety of other users of SchiffRadio.com services or to protect the rights or property of SchiffRadio.com or SchiffRadio.com. 

**SchiffRadio.com's E-mail Announcements and Newsletters.** SchiffRadio.com uses e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters. Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By posting material on any of our interactive areas, you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe to SchiffRadio.com e-mail at any time by sending an email to [unsubscribe@SchiffRadio.com](mailto:unsubscribe@SchiffRadio.com). SchiffRadio.com will also send replies to customer e-mail via e-mail. Finally, if you have sent a request to SchiffRadio.com about which we need to communicate with you, we may do so by e-mail. 

**Security is a Top Concern.** Although SchiffRadio.com carefully selects its third party service providers, advertisers and other affiliates, is sensitive to the privacy and security of your personal information, and intends to safeguard such information, SchiffRadio.com and any such third parties cannot guarantee absolute security for such information. Such information may be transmitted through or using the Internet, other public telecommunications networks, servers, hardware and software ("systems") that are not owned, operated, or controlled by SchiffRadio.com, and SchiffRadio.com makes no assurances that such information will remain private when transmitted by SchiffRadio.com through such systems. Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications are impenetrable to hackers. 

**SchiffRadio.com Uses Cookies.** SchiffRadio.com collects certain information about how website visitors and users use the SchiffRadio.com website by using technology called "cookies", which are bits of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can enhance your online experience by automatically saving your preferences. We use cookies because they help us to provide you a better online experience. The information we collect through the use of cookies does allow SchiffRadio.com to know when and for how long you logged on to the SchiffRadio.com website, so that we can try to understand how to better serve your needs. If you object to the use of cookies for any reason, you may set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If, however, you decline to receive cookies, you may have difficulty in using certain features of this site. 

**Google Adwords and Remarketing Policy** SchiffRadio.com uses all features of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers. That includes obtaining specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium and keyword used to visit our website. Google Analytics does not store any visitor specific data and we will not use visitor specific data in any way related to Google Analytics, Google Adwords, and Remarketing. SchiffRadio.com uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. SchiffRadio.com and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitor's past visits to our website. We take our users' privacy very seriously. We feel that certain personal information should always be kept private, so we've developed restrictions around the types of ads where we don't allow remarketing. When creating remarketing lists, we can't use any sensitive information about users. This includes information such as their financial status, sexual orientation, and other sensitive categories. As adwords advertisers, we are restricted from and will not perform the following actions: (a) Running ads that collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) including, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers (b) Creating a remarketing list or creating ad text that specifically targets users in ways that are outlined as "prohibited" in the categories below Visitors can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and opt out of customized Google Display Network ads by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager. Definitions "User" means a unique instance of a browser, application or similar technology. "User Cookie" means the User identifier (of which a cookie is one example) associated with a User for remarketing or similar audiences. "Remarketing Lists" means a list of User Cookies created or otherwise obtained by you and used in connection with remarketing or similar audiences. "Similar Audiences Lists" means a list of Users created by Google based on a Remarketing List for use in connection with similar audiences. "Properties" means properties or content on which advertisements are shown. 

**SchiffRadio.com's Interactive Areas.** SchiffRadio.com is not Liable for Information Posted in Interactive Areas. SchiffRadio.com provides interactive areas such as discussion forums to enhance the user experience and build a healthy community around our website's products and services. You acknowledge that should you participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of SchiffRadio.com. DO NOT POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SUCH AS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN OUR PUBLIC AREAS. In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any interactive areas. Violators will be subject to termination of accounts and possible legal action. Although SchiffRadio.com employs advanced security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in personal websites or password-protected areas, and SchiffRadio.com will not be held liable for any user's or other visitor's disclosure of personal information on SchiffRadio.com or any other website operated by SchiffRadio.com. 

**Minors.** SchiffRadio.com and its services are not directed to minors. We actively seek to dissuade registration from persons under 18 and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from them. If you are under 18 years of age, you should not be using our service. 

**Disputes.** SchiffRadio.com Privacy Policy disputes are handled by its customer service team with the highest concern for your privacy. 

**SchiffRadio.com Links.** SchiffRadio.com may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by SchiffRadio.com. SchiffRadio.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any such sites. For other Terms of Service applicable to this site, please review the [Terms of Service Agreement](https://web.archive.org/pg/jsp/help/general/termsconditions.jsp). 

**A Special Note about Children.** Children are not eligible to use our services and SchiffRadio.com asks that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to SchiffRadio.com. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. 

The Site is owned and operated by SchiffRadio.com. For further information about SchiffRadio.com or the Site, please visit the "[Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contactus)" section of the Site. 
