> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the schoolfeed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630124621id_/http%3A//www.classmates.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Classmates - Find your school, yearbooks and alumni online

**1\. COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION**

**a. When You Register**

When you register for Services directly on the Website, you may be required to provide certain information, such as your name, maiden name (if applicable), mailing address and/or zip code, email address, phone number, birth date or year, marital status, password, and one or more community affiliations (such as with a school or college). You may also be presented with the option to register for the Services using your Facebook login credentials or similar login processes or co-registration forms from or on other third party websites, in which case you will be authorizing us to access certain information from your current profile on Facebook or other third party website (which will be specified in such login process) for purposes of completing your registration. In addition, when you install certain of our applications on Facebook or other third party websites or devices, you will also be registering for the Services by agreeing to such installation, which takes place when you "accept", "install" or "allow" (or similar language) such application. Each such application includes a disclosure that this registration will occur upon the acceptance, installation or allowance of the application. 

Please keep in mind that, although much of the information described above will not be viewable by other members, once you are registered your name, community affiliations and years associated with those affiliations will be displayed on the Website and you will no longer be anonymous to us or to other individuals who access the Website. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the Website, it may be included in the Website "search" tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2(i) below. We may also publicly display your general geographic location based upon the zip code or other geographical information provided to us, as another means of assisting members in finding each other. However, you have the option of opting out of having your general geographic location publicly displayed by accessing your privacy settings on the Website and changing your preferences. In addition, some of our Services may only be accessible if, based on information you have provided to us, you have an affiliation related to our Services. 

**b. When You Accept an Application**

Some third party websites, such as Facebook, provide their users with access to applications or other tools, such as "social login", which allow that website's users to share certain personal information with us. When you accept or allow one of our applications or use another tool to create a connection between us and Facebook or other third party website, you authorize us to collect, store and use (in accordance with this Privacy Policy) all information that you agreed Facebook or other third party website could provide to us, which may include such things as your email address, birthday, profile and other photos, school and work affiliations, location, interests, activities and friend information. This authorization may also include the ability to continue to collect such information from Facebook or other third party website on an ongoing basis. If you choose to remove or delete any such application on, or otherwise break our connection with your account on, Facebook or other third party website, we will no longer be able to continue to collect your information from that website. However, deletion or removal of such application does not delete your account from the Website, and we will continue to store and use information that we have previously collected. You can of course edit or delete your profile information on the Website at any time (see Section 3 below). In addition, acceptance of one of our applications may authorize us to automatically post information to your profile on Facebook or other third party website about certain of your activities, such as looking at a reunion, joining a community affiliation, viewing a yearbook, tagging someone in a yearbook, becoming a reunion organizer, updating the details of a reunion, responding to a reunion invitation or tagging someone as "remembered". We may also provide you with the option to post additional information about your activities or information you have found through the Services to your profile on Facebook or other third party website. 

**c. When You "Surf" the Website**

_Log Files_

As is the case with most standard website servers, we use and maintain the information that we obtain from and through your browser on our server logs. This information can include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ("ISP"), and other data. We may use this information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track user movement, detect fraud or other types of abuse, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may associate this information with your information to resolve technical issues, support security for our users, and take action on any activity that may violate this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.

_Cookies_

  
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored in a browser-related file on your computer or other device. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer or device, and are read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We link cookies to your unique registration number and use them to enhance and personalize your experience on the Services, including helping authenticate you when you use the Services, remembering your preferences and registration information, and customizing the content and advertisements provided to you via the Services. For example, storing a cookie on your computer or device allows you to login without typing the registered email address or registration number and password. We also use cookies to deliver information and content specific to your interests through the Services. We (or our third party service providers) may also use cookies to target advertisements for the Services that you may view when visiting other websites. If you do not want these cookies stored on your computer or device you can delete and/or reject cookies by modifying your Internet browser setting accordingly (each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences). However, if you choose to delete and/or reject cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use certain portions of the Services. Please also note that certain types of emails available through the Services may automatically log you into the Services and/or set new cookies when you click on the links in the emails and that you may need to manually remove such cookies if you do not want them to be stored on your computer or device. See Section 2(d) below for additional information about cookies in regards to our use of third party ad servers.

_Web Beacons_

  
A web beacon (also known as a clear gif) is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier that is placed on a web page or within an email. It is similar in function to a cookie, and is used to collect a limited set of information, such as a cookie number, time and date of page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We (and our third party advertisers) may use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them. This information helps us better manage content available on the Services by informing us about what content is effective and of interest to users. In addition, we may use web beacons in our promotional email messages to keep track of how many messages and which emails have been opened and acted upon. This use allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and our marketing campaigns. We associate web beacons with individual members for internal purposes only, in an effort to understand our members' individual preferences with our email products..

  
**d. When You Purchase a Product or Paid Service from Us**

If you choose to purchase a product or paid Service from us, you may be required to provide us with certain personal contact information, such as your name, email address and billing address. We may also require other information necessary for you to receive the product, access the paid Service and/or process any applicable payment, such as a credit card or debit card number, card security code and expiration date. We may use the information that you provide to us to bill you for products and paid Services you request, or to notify you of additional products and paid Services we may offer. When you sign-up for a product or paid Service, you are consenting to our delivery of this information to our service providers, which may include banks and credit card companies that we use to process a transaction or other third parties who may provide all or a portion of the underlying product or paid Services on our behalf. See Section 2(f) below for additional information about sharing your information with our service providers. We may also show your membership status through the Services so that other members can see what options they have to contact or communicate with you. 

**e. When You Use Member-to-Member Communications**

We have developed a "double-blind" email system, which hides the email addresses to protect the privacy of both the sender and receiver when a member sends another member an email through the Services. When using these member-to-member communications, it is up to you to choose when you are comfortable disclosing your email address, or any other personal contact information, to others. We respect the privacy of these member-to-member communications and do not read or disclose them unless we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Policy and/or our Terms of Service, or as otherwise permitted or required under Section 2(h) below. Please keep in mind that you will not be able to delete, revise or otherwise recover any message that you send once it has been sent.

**f.**

 **When You Use Comment Fields, Message Boards, Events or Other Public Forums**

Information and content submitted to comment fields, message boards, events and other public forums on the Services are displayed publicly, so please exercise care in deciding what information and content you wish to disclose. Because this information is publicly displayed through the Services, it may be included in the Services search tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2(i) below. Please keep in mind that, because of the interactive nature of these forums, in many cases you will not be able to remove or revise the information or content that you submit in these areas of the Services and such information or content may remain on the Services even if your membership is terminated. To protect the privacy of our members, we do not allow the public posting of personal contact information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content within the comment fields, message boards, events and other public forums on the Services. Please review our "Community Guidelines" (found in our Terms of Services) for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas.

**g. When You Use "Invite-A-Friend", "Email this Page" or Other Email Referral Services**

If you elect to use any of our referral services for informing friends via email about the Services or any portion thereof, you will be asked to provide your friends' names and email address. We will then automatically send your friends a one-time email, plus a reminder email if you so choose (each of which will usually include your name and email address) inviting them to visit the Services. We ask for this information for the sole purpose of sending these emails and tracking the success of our email referral program.

**h. When You Build a Personal Profile**

We have created tools to enable you to build a personal profile to share as much information about yourself as you wish. Except as otherwise noted, when you use a specific profile tool all information that you add to your profile is publicly viewable and may be included in the Services search tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2(i) below. For this reason, please use care in providing information that you may not want to publicly disclose. To protect the privacy of our members, we do not allow the public posting of personal contact information. Additionally, please see the Community Guidelines in our Terms of Service for more information regarding the limitations on the types of information that you may post on your personal profile and elsewhere on the Services. As provided in our Terms of Service, we may use the information you provide in your profile in a variety of our products and features, such as affiliation-specific emails. This enables us to provide our members with information in a more personalized fashion. If you feel that a profile depicting you or your likeness has been created without your consent, please contact [Member Care](http://www.classmates.com/search/help/contact?dsource=pub|1032|info_use|def|16454|1) to request its removal.

**i. When You View Other Members' Profiles**

We give you the ability to find other members and view their personal profiles by browsing the affiliation lists, clicking on or hovering over a tagged name or photo in a yearbook, using the search functionality on the Services, or otherwise providing a link on the Website or in an email that takes you to a member's profile. Every time that you visit another member's profile, your name and the date of your visit will be viewable by that member as someone who visited that member's profile unless you remove that specific visit or choose to opt out of having your name automatically left on other members' profiles, which you can do by accessing the "Account" section on the Website and changing your preferences. If you opt out of automatically having your name left on other members' profiles, you will still have the ability to leave your name on specific members' profiles on an individual basis.

**j. When You Participate in Surveys**

From time-to-time we may request information from our users via surveys relating to the Services or on behalf of our affiliates or third party advertisers. When you participate in a survey, we may request personal contact information (such as your name and email address) or demographic information (such as your zip code, age or income level). We conduct surveys relating to the Services in order to target advertising and content and to better understand members' needs and opinions. We may share, in aggregate form, information we collect from these surveys with our advertisers, partners, affiliates and the general public, but we will not share survey information containing personally identifiable information with any third party without your prior consent. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary, such that you have the choice of whether you wish to disclose the requested information.

**k. When You or Third Parties Contact Us**

If you contact us by phone, email or letter, we may keep a record of such correspondence. Thus, if you report an issue with the Services, we may collect such information in a file specific to your membership account. Moreover, if you contact us through our feedback area, we require your name and email address in order to send you a reply. Additionally, if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Services, we may keep the information in a file specific to you.

**l. How We May Supplement Your Information**

In order for us to provide all of the products and Services that are available to you as a member of the Services, it may be necessary for us from time to time to supplement the information we receive through your use of the Services with information from third party resources. For example, we may obtain updated email address information from email-change-of-address vendors or purchase third party marketing data and address information and add it to our existing database to better target our advertising and provide pertinent offers we think you would be interested in.

 **2\. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION**

**a. Confidentiality**

We only share your personal information with others when we have your permission or under the types of circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to only those employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or Services to you or to do their jobs.

**b. Third Party Offers**

We may provide you with offers of products and services available from other companies, such as our marketing partners and companies that are affiliated with us ("affiliates"), through the Services. Whether or not you decide to participate in any such offer is up to you. If you sign-up for or purchase a product or service from a third party which requires you to submit personally identifiable information, you are also consenting to our delivery of this information to that party. The offer will notify you if any personally identifiable information will be shared. Such third party will be authorized to use this information in keeping with our contractual relationship with them and in accordance with their own privacy policy and information practices. We do not control these third parties and you agree that we are not liable for their acts or any failure to act on their part.

**c. Third Party Advertising**

As noted above, we may use your information to provide you with advertisements that are targeted to your specific needs and interests. These advertisements link directly to third party websites or services. We have no control over the content or privacy policies of such websites or services, and therefore we encourage you to review such content and policies prior to submitting any personal information to them. We do share certain aggregate information, such as demographic information and the number of times that our members have viewed an advertisement, with our third party advertisers. This information is not linked with any personally identifiable information, and we do not provide any such information to third party advertisers except as otherwise noted in Section 2(b) above. 

We may use aggregated, statistical information to describe our membership and to establish advertising and other business relationships with third parties. We may serve you with targeted advertisements based on your personal information, but we do not provide any of your personal information to an advertiser or any third party with the exception of those uses expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy. However, if you click an advertisement on the Services, then you consent to the possibility that the advertiser may assume that you meet the targeting criteria, if any, that we use to display such advertisement and, as described above, you will be subject to the advertiser's privacy policy and information collection practices.

**d. Third Party Ad Servers and Networks**

We may allow other companies, called third party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements on the Services. Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer or other device. Doing this allows them to recognize your computer or device each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer or device, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We may share certain limited categories of information about you, such as your gender, age or geographic location, with ad networks to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks. We do not have access to or control over the cookies that may be placed by these parties on your computer or device, and have no control over these parties' privacy policies or information collection practices. If you would like to learn more about targeted advertising served by ad networks and your ability to opt out from receiving such advertising from ad networks, click here.

**e. Contests and Sweepstakes**

We may run contests, sweepstakes and other promotions on the Services in which we may request entrants to provide personal information. In some cases, entrants may be required to answer survey questions about a range of topics. We use the information collected in the entry form to verify the entrant's identity and age and to communicate with the entrant. We will not share any of the entrant's personal information with any third party except to service providers (if any) as described below, as disclosed at the time of entry, if you are a contest winner, or as may be required by law. We may make information about entrants available in aggregated form to advertisers, partners and the general public.

**f. Service Providers**

We may use one or more third parties or affiliates to provide specific services on our behalf, including sending emails to our members, conducting member surveys, processing transactions, providing all or a portion of an underlying product or Service on our behalf, or performing statistical analysis of the Services or data relating thereto. In these cases, we may provide your personal information to these service providers as needed for the Service to be provided. However, these third parties or affiliates are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are prohibited from retaining, sharing, storing or using this information for any other purposes.

We may provide certain portions of your information, such as your e-mail address or name, back to your Internet service provider ("ISP") if we have an existing advertising relationship with them. This is done to allow them to target or discontinue your exposure to our advertisements, once you have become a participating member of the Services. As part of our agreement with your ISP, they will be required to maintain this information in a confidential manner and use it solely for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

**g. Business Transitions**

In the event that we (or our parent corporation) go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, our members' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Members may be notified of any such business transition via email and/or notice on the Services.

**h. Legal Matters; Protection of Rights, Property and Interests; Safety  
**  
We may, without your consent, access and disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account: as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order; pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that your personal information in any way relates to that threat.

**i. Display of Information on Third Party Websites and Devices  
**  
Any of your personal information that is publicly displayed on the Services may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a member of the Services and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices. Some or all of this same information may also be displayed in the results of searches on third party websites that provide people search and other similar services in order to make it easier for people to find you on the Services. If you do not wish to have your information displayed on these search engines or other third party websites, you can opt out by removing your account from the Services. In addition, we may create applications or other tools for use on various third party websites and devices, such as Facebook, smartphones or tablets, through which certain portions of your information that is publicly displayed on the Services may be shown to the users of those websites or devices who are not members of the Services. If you do not wish to have your personal information appear through these applications or tools, you can opt out of having your personal information used in this way by accessing the "Account" or similar section on the Website and changing your preferences. Please note that the foregoing opt-out does not remove your personal information from any applications or tools where it is displayed directly by us, is only viewable to other logged-in members of the Services, and is not shared with other third parties.

 **5\. THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION**

We have instituted physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to store and maintain your personal information in a secure environment. For example, highly confidential information, such as a credit card or debit card number, is encrypted before being transmitted through the Services. You may also be required to use a password to access certain pages on the Services where certain types of your personal information can be changed or deleted. It is therefore important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password, to emails which we may send you, and to your computer or other device. You take full responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. Furthermore, while we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your personal information from the threats of tomorrow. You should also be aware that despite our efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of your personal information. Accordingly, we are not in a position to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances.

 ****

**6\. A NOTE ABOUT INTERNATIONAL USERS**

We collect, process and maintain your personal information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. If you are using the Services from outside of the United States, by providing your personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**7\. A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT THE PRIVACY OF MINORS**

Minors (those under 18) are not eligible to use the Services, and we ask that minors not submit any personal information to us or use the Services. We will not knowingly allow minors to become members. If we later learn that a minor is a member, then that minor's membership will be terminated. 

**8\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email (sent to the primary email address specified in your account), or by means of a notice on the Website for a period of not less than thirty (30) days prior to the change. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

**9\. TRUSTe PRIVACY CERTIFICATION**

We have been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html?dsource=pub|1032|info_security|def|16458|1 "Privacy Policy") including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at: Classmates, Inc., Attention: Privacy Policy Issues, 333 Elliott Avenue W., Suite 500, Seattle, WA 98119, or email us at [privacy@classmates.com](mailto:privacy@classmates.com?dsource=pub|1032|info_security|def|16458|2). If you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint&dsource=pub|1032|info_security|def|16458|3 "Privacy Policy"). The TRUSTe program covers the information collected on the Website.
