> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the schoolmatchpro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161014231713id_/http%3A//schoolmatchpro.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Privacy Policy

  
Effective May 1, 2015

Thank you for visiting School Match Pro located at SchoolMatchPro.com(the "Site"). This Privacy Policy outlines the privacy practices associated with the website, and you hereby agree to it in its entirety, including but not limited to: (i) access or use the website; (ii) agree to receive e-mail from us via the website, or any other means; (iii) register on the website to receive related products and/or services from third party service providers; and/or (iv) obtain, or attempt to obtain, any products and/or services.

**Privacy Rights**  
When you register on this website, you hereby agree and acknowledge that your personal information will be placed into the Company database and that such personal information shall be shared with third parties for marketing purposes. If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to learn how your personal information is shared with third-parties (as defined in the Shine the Light Law, Cal. Civ. Code 1798.83), or what categories of personal information that we have shared with third-parties in the preceding year, as well as the names and addresses of those third-parties, and also if you would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third-party for marketing purposes please contact us at: info@SchoolMatchPro.com, or send postal mail to School Match Pro , 5550 Glades Rd. Suite 500 Boca Raton, FL 33431 or call us at (877) 832-2431. Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from School Match Pro , in accordance with applicable laws.

**Collection of Personal Information**  
We collect your personally identifiable information when you apply for Services at the website, as offered by our Third Party Service Providers. We may also collect your personally identifiable information when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full. The types of personally identifiable information that we collect at the website and/or when you apply for Services include, without limitation: (i) your full name; (ii) mailing address; (ii) telephone number; (iii) email address; (V) any other information requested on the applicable application. 

**Usage of Personal Information**  
By submitting your personal information on the website, you agree that we may share such personal information with our Third Party Service Providers in order to complete your request for Services. Our Third Party Service Providers may use the personal information that we transfer to them for any lawful purposes, subject to any restrictions contained herein including, without limitation, in connection with contacting you for purposes of completing your application for the Services. The information that you must supply on any Services application hosted by the Third Party Provider(s) shall be determined by the applicable Third Party Service Provider(s) and any information that you subsequently supply to any Third Party Service Provider(s) shall be governed by such Third Party Service Provider(s) privacy policies. Please be advised that Company does not itself provide products and/or services. The Services will be provided by Third Party Service Providers, and the ultimate terms and conditions of the Services will be determined by those Third Party Service Providers.

We may share the personal information that you supply to us with any third party and we may work with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our users. These businesses and third parties may include, but are not limited to: (i) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (ii) e-mail marketers; (iii) telemarketers; (iv) SMS text-based marketers (where permitted by applicable law); and (v) direct marketers.

We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our users personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.

Additionally, we purchase and manage e-mail lists generated by third parties. Users may remove themselves from a specific mailing list by utilizing the unsubscribe options that are present and available at the end of each piece of e-mail that we send.

We will also use your personal information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience on the Site and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on the Site. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Site or to administer activities on our behalf.

We also reserve the right to release current or past user information in the event that we believe that the user is using, or has used, our products, services and/or Site: (i) in violation of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published by us from time to time; (ii) to commit unlawful acts; (iii) if such information is subpoenaed; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant to a subpoena; (iv) if we are sold or acquired; provided, however, that if we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your personal information; and/or (v) when we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute any and all personal information with/to any third party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

By registering at the Site, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commissions Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we, as well as our Third Party Service Providers, retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and applicable state do-not-call regulations.

In addition, you agree that by submitting your personal information at the Site, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing, from us and our third party advertisers and marketers (where such marketing is permitted by applicable law). As such, notwithstanding that your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact you via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law. Further, you agree that we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute your mobile telephone and other mobile data with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

You may unsubscribe from any of our e-mail marketing programs at any time via an unsubscribe hyperlink that allows the recipient to unsubscribe from the specific marketing program by clicking the hyperlink provided and following the instructions that follow. We process all unsubscribe requests in a timely fashion, but cannot guarantee that you will never receive another mailing from us, as we may obtain your e-mail address again through a different e-mail marketing program that you have opted in to. We can guarantee, that if you should ever receive another e-mail communication from us, you will be able to remove your e-mail address via the unsubscribe hyperlink. We are able to offer our free services, in part, based upon the willingness of our users to be contacted by our marketing partners, including affiliated third party advertisers. By allowing us to make the information that you supply available to our marketing partners, you will receive free product and service information that may be of interest to you. You may, at any time, notify us that you do not wish to have your personal information disclosed to third parties for offers and promotions by sending an e-mail to info@SchoolMatchPro.com

**Usage of Demographic Data**

Demographic information is shared with third party advertisers so that they can tailor their advertisements to the appropriate audience. Data may also be shared with other third parties. We use demographic information to tailor the website to the interests of our users.

We reserve the right to provide aggregate or group data about our users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage or characteristics of our participants as a group, without disclosing personally identifiable information. By opening an account with us, you agree to allow us to provide such aggregate data to third parties. By agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate. 

**TCPA Consent**  
This site is compliant with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act as implemented by the Federal Communications Commission. By clicking the Click Here to Continue button, you agree to the Privacy Policy and you authorize School Match Pro and its network of service providers to contact you at the land-line telephone or mobile number you entered using automated telephone technology including auto-dialer, pre-recorded messages, and text messages, even if your land-line telephone or mobile number is currently listed on any state, federal, or corporate "Do Not Call" list. Your consent is not required to purchase products or services.

**IP Address Information**  
Our servers automatically recognize your IP address each time you visit the site and the web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you to and to better tailor our product and service offerings contained within the Site. Your IP address can also be used to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer the website. 

**Cookies and Tags**  
The first time that a user provides an e-mail address in connection with their activities at the website, we assign an identification number to that e-mail address and deploy a cookie to the applicable users PC. Whenever a user comes back to the website using the same PC, the cookie allows the website to identify the user and to recall the users e-mail address. If, at any time, a user provides other information in connection with their activities on the Site (such as name, address, etc.), we may store that information, along with a user’s e-mail address, in our database. We may use the information stored in our database: (i) to effectuate the purpose or transaction for which the information was originally provided by a user; (ii) to ensure that a user will not be repeatedly exposed to the same advertisements, offers and/or promotions while visiting the website; (iii) to pre-populate information fields in the event that user wishes to purchase products and/or services or sign up for and/or subscribe to services, promotions or other offers in the future; and/or (iv) to, in connection with regular communication with a user, include offers, promotions or advertisements that were historically, or are likely to be, of interest to that user. We also use cookies to anonymously track and target the interests of our users to further enhance the experience on the Site. To find out more about cookies, please visit 

[here](http://www.cookiecentral.com/). To disable and reject cookies, adjust the settings via the options menu of your Internet browser.

Other methods of tracking: An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif/pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or actions by visitors who view certain advertisements and/or other information on the website. Action tags are 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information. We may use action tags to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular banner ad or visit the pages of the website and to provide information about what products/services are viewed or purchased. We reserve the right to retain this cookie and action tag data indefinitely, and to share information generated by these cookies and action tags with our advertisers, affiliates and service providers.

**Security Precautions**  
The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. As such, we endeavor to safeguard our users' personal information. When users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). Access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. The servers that we store personal information on are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your personal information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your personal information; provided, however, that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software constitutes a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your personal information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through the Site is at your own risk. 

All of our users personal information is restricted in our offices. Only employees or third party agents who need the personal information to perform a specific job function are granted access to personal information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

**Age Restrictions (Minors)**

No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the website by visitors under eighteen (18) years of age or the applicable age of majority (if greater than eighteen 18 years of age). Persons eighteen (18) years of age or the applicable age of majority are not permitted to access the website and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such individuals. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children and to participate and monitor their online activities.

**Offers from Third-Party Partners**

School Match Pro  provides its users with the opportunity to receive special products, offers and/or services from third parties including, but not limited to, our Third Party Service Providers. Where you indicate the desire to receive certain offers, products or services from a third party during the applicable information collection process, your personally identifiable information that was provided during the information collection process will be shared with the applicable third party so that such third party may provide their product or service to you and so that you do not have to complete another information collection form to purchase or receive that product or service.

**Partner Websites**  
The website may contain links to other third-party owned and/or operated websites including, but not limited to, the websites of our Third Party Service Providers. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of their third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and Company has no responsibility or liability relating to them.

**Updating Your Information**

At any time you may request School Match Pro  to: (i) amend the personal information that we have on file for you; (ii) inform you of what personal information we have on file for you and/or (iii) remove personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. You may do so by contacting us via e-mail at info@SchoolMatchPro.com; provided, however, that we ask individuals to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, amended or removed before processing such requests, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical.

Please be advised that deleting your personal information may terminate or limit your ability to apply for Services. If you wish to apply for Services without any hindrance or limitation, you may decide not to delete the personal information that we have on file for you. Note that after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.

**Option to Opt Out**

We provide users with the option to opt-out from receiving information sent via electronic mailings on or own behalf of and that of our third party advertisers. Users may unsubscribe from receiving e-mail at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every e-mailing. Unsubscribe requests can only be processed if you have registered with us in the first instance. If you have not registered with us and wish to opt out of receiving e-mail from a particular sender, please consult that senders opt out policies or contact that sender. Information sent on behalf of third party advertisers is prepared several days in advance, so users may continue to receive e-mail from us for up to ten (10) days following the unsubscribe procedures detailed above. If, after that point, a user is still receiving e-mail from us, the user should contact us at info@SchoolMatchPro.com. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for purposes of communicating information relating to your application for Services, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving Services-related and/or inquiry response-related messages from us, you must cease applying for Services, and cease submitting inquiries to us.

**Unauthorized Changes Liability**

In no event shall we be liable for any damages of any kind arising in connection with: (i) your use of the site; (ii) the unauthorized modification of your personal information; or (iii) advertisements provided by us, our marketing partners or any other third parties.

**Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy/Modifications**

By using the website including, without limitation, applying for Services and/or continuing to receive information from us, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes, we will notify users by: (i) sending the modified policy to our users via email; and/or (ii) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner, and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the website itself, please email us at info@SchoolMatchPro.com, or send postal mail to School Match Pro , 5550 Glades Rd. Suite 500, Boca Raton, FL 33431 or call us at (877) 832-2431.
