> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the schoolcity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-10-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021012011112id_/http%3A//www.schoolcity.com/privacy_policy.cfm%3Fsi%3D0%26fi%3D0) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SchoolCity.com

  | 

SchoolCity.com is committed to providing the very best online educational resources for your school, your community and your family. We believe that education is not limited to the classroom, but is the ongoing responsibility of every citizen, both online and offline. Part of becoming a good Internet citizen, or "Netizen," is becoming educated about online privacy and safety issues. To this end, we have provided the following "lessons" filled with resources and information regarding our collection and use of your personal information. We hope that the information provided here is enough to help you to make educated and informed decisions. However, should you have additional questions or concerns about this information or the practices of our site, please don't hesitate to contact us: Site Administrator SchoolCity.com 3150 Coronado Drive Santa Clara CA 95054 US support@schoolcity.com 

  Lesson 1: Understanding the Use of your IP Address Every computer online, including yours, has an IP address. In fact, it is not possible to use the Internet without one. An IP address is a unique number used by computers to identify one another. It consists of four groups of numbers separated by decimal points and may look something like this: 195.58.64.1. IP addresses may be "dynamic" or "fixed," and depending on the type of IP address you have, it may or may not be possible to identify your individual computer. If an IP address is dynamic, it is automatically assigned to your computer from a pool of available numbers when you log on to the Internet or your local network. This means that your computer's IP address will be different each time you use the Internet, and can only be used to identify the network (e.g. your company) or Internet Service Provider (e.g. AOL or CompuServe) that owns the pool of addresses from which your address came. If an IP address is fixed, you or a network administrator would have had to manually enter an IP address into your computer on when it was first set up to access the Internet. In this case your IP address remains the same each time you log on to the Internet or your local network and may be used to identify your individual computer. SchoolCity.com does collect your IP address when you visit our site. We use this information to administer our website and help diagnose problems with our server. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information (e.g. how many users are connecting from commercial (.com) locations versus government (.gov) locations). We do not attempt to link your IP address information to any of your personally identifiable information.  

Lesson 2: Protecting your Personal Information You usually don't give out your full name, address, telephone number and personal e-mail address to every stranger you meet on the street. Yet, you may do just that online. On the other hand, you would certainly want to give contact information to an interesting new acquaintance, colleague or business contact. Part of using the Internet wisely and safely is knowing who is collecting your information, what information they are collecting and how they are using it. Our site's registration form requires you to provide us with contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information (such as your zip code, and age). We then use the information from this registration form to send you further information about SchoolCity.com or to contact you when necessary. If you wish, you may choose not to receive these mailings from us. (For more information, see 

Lesson 3: Choosing your Cookies Cookies in the offline world are tasty treats, but you wouldn't necessarily want to accept one from someone you didn't know. Online cookies are similar in some ways. On the Internet, cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard drive. These cookies then send information about your on-line activities back to a web site. Cookies are used by most major web sites and can be viewed as a great help in web surfing or as an invasion of privacy. Most browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer or Netscape) are initially set up to accept cookies. By changing your browser's preferences, you can have it refuse all cookies, accept some cookies and refuse others, or ask for your approval before accepting a cookie. While refusing all cookies will help to protect your privacy, most major web sites either will not function properly or will be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. For example, without cookies, you may not be able to set personalized news preferences or complete online shopping transactions. At SchoolCity.com, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies also help us to determine how you use our site and to make improvements to our site. These cookies do not contain or track any personal information regarding the user. We use an outside advertising company to display ads on our site. These ads may also contain cookies. The cookies you receive through these banner ads are collected by an advertising company, and SchoolCity.com does not have access to or control over this information. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry.

Lesson 4: Visiting Other Web Sites When you travel to a different country, state, province or territory, you probably expect to encounter slightly different laws and customs. You would also not expect the laws that apply in your home to apply to the place in which you are traveling, and you would not expect your local legislators to have power in other regions. Likewise, all web sites operate under different rules and conventions. Our web site contains links, or virtual roads, by which you can travel to other web sites. For example, if you click on a banner ad at the top of one of our web pages, you may be taken to another web site. Although, we have an educational advisory board, which reviews all the advertisements that are displayed on our web site, we do not control these web sites, and are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. Also, all the links to other web sites provided as resources for teachers, parents and students are reviewed by a group of teachers and parents for content. 

Lesson 5: Using Public Forums In the offline world, you'd be wary of posting your address, phone number and other personal information on a public bulletin board. Likewise, we urge you to exercise caution when disclosing personal information in chat rooms, forums, message boards and new groups provided by SchoolCity for your use. Any information that is disclosed in these areas is public information and can be accessed by any Internet user. 

Lesson 6: Guidelines for Children Children are an essential part of the SchoolCity.com community, and we are committed to ensuring their safety and privacy online as much as we possibly can. However, as in any community parents, teachers and guardians must be active partners in the effort to make sure that children are kept safe and their privacy is respected. Children under the age of 13 can only be registered by their school. We do not collect personally identifiable online or offline contact information directly from children under the age of 13. This information is provided by authorized school personnel only. We do not distribute to third parties any online or offline information related to children under the age of 13. Additionally, we will never send a copy of mass emailing to children under the age of 13 and will never list them in any member directory in a manner in which their age can be easily identified.

Lesson 7: Controlling your Personal Information Finally, we at SchoolCity.com allow you to update or remove any personal information you have provided, as well as the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from our partners and us. To change your password, or edit your contact or other personal information, click on the My Profile link within the SchoolCity.com web site. All contest, survey and registration forms contain a section in which you can request not to receive future communications. If you do not opt out of receiving communications at the time that you provide us with your personal information, you may do so at anytime by editing your display options in the My Profile section of the site. Notification of Changes The protection of consumer information is one of the guiding principals behind SchoolCity.com. We will notify you via email if there is a change in our privacy practices. We will also post a change notification marker on the SchoolCity.com home page for review. 

|  
