> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the schoolanduniversity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120616133735id_/http%3A//schoolanduniversity.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy, Online, College, School, University, Find, Search, Top, Best, Course, Admission, Campus, Video, Article, Schools, Colleges, Universities, Information, Advisor, Courses, Ratings, Rankings, Top 5, Top 10, Best 5, Best 10, Best Online, Top Online, Online Best, Online Top, Undergraduate Degree, Graduate Degree, Associates Degree, Bachelors Degree, Masters Degree, Degrees, Specific School, Mba, Degree In, Degree For, School For, College For, University For, Universities In, Colleges In, Schools In, Admissions Deadline, Admission Criteria, Edu, Education, Help, Usa, American, America, United States Of America, Enroll, Register, Apply, Registration, Enrollment, Applying, Alabama, California, Florida, Illinois, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Oregon, South Dakota, Vermont, Wisconsin, Alaska, Colorado, Georgia, Indiana, Louisiana, Michigan, Montana, New Jersey, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, Wyoming, Arizona, Connecticut, Hawaii, Iowa, Maine, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, Ohio, Rhode Island, Texas, Washington, Arkansas, Delaware, Idaho, Kansas, Maryland, Mississippi, Nevada, New York, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah, West Virginia, Find Me, Professor, Business Vs, Business Career, Jobs, Graduate Salary, Undergraduate Salary, Degree Or, Degree Now, Finding, Amazing, Financial Aid, Grants, Military Aid, Scholarships, Help Me Find, Free Online Course, Learning Course, Testimonials, Match, Top Five, Top Ten, Best Five, Best Ten, Choose, for me, how many, Men, Man, Women.

This privacy policy is for the website "Schoolanduniversity.com.” Please go through the privacy policy carefully as by visiting or using this site you accept its terms and conditions.

We may revise this Privacy Policy occasionally. When any changes to this Privacy Policy, take place, we will inform you by publishing a notice on the homepage of this Website and by changing the date on this web page observing when the policy was last updated. Your ongoing use of the Website after change dates are posted means you have agreed to the new terms and conditions.  
**What the Privacy Policy Covers  
**By using the Website you are agreeing to the conditions of this Privacy Policy described below and comprising to us that you meet the age, email, and mailing address with constraints described above. We believe in permission-based promotion, and therefore have described below the details we gather from you and how that details is used by us and others. Particularly this policy explains how we treat "Personal Information" (information about you that is individually familiar, like your name, address, email-address, contact number, and age that may not otherwise be publicly available) that we gather when you (i) visit the Website, (ii) accept, sign up for, or request any of our, or our Affiliates’ or advertisers’, offers or services (iii) use or buy any goods or services we market. This privacy policy also regulates use of details relevant to your past use of the site, our products and our services. "Affiliates" contains any business or company enterprise which is a additional of One On One or under typical possession or management with One On One. ****  
**Collection of your Personal Information  
**We acquire personal information when you choose to provide us various types of your personally identifiable information through various means which may include, but are not limited to, addressing a direct marketing advertising from us, posting content in connection with a contest we are hosting, participating in interactive online activities through the Site or our Affiliates’ websites such as responding to questions and surveys, posting community listings, providing ratings, conducting searches and comparison searches, bidding, purchasing, chatting, playing games, entering contests, posting on bulletin boards, etc. We collect this Personal Information when you manually enter it into any online form available on the Site or an Affiliates’ website. In order for you to take full advantage of the Site, we encourage you to offer your personal information to us. Providing your personal details is, however, voluntary. You may select not to offer us with your personal details by simply not entering it on the site or any Affiliates’ website. However, if you do not offer us with your personal details, we may not be able to provide you certain services. ****  
**Anonymous Details and Cookies  
**If you do not offer us any of your personal information, we are restricted in information we may gather from you. For example, we may be able to determine your IP address for the purposes of administering the Site and tracking Site usage. However, your IP address may vary each time you visit or it may remain the same depending on the type of Internet connection you are using or the location from which you access the Site. **  
**  
We may also gather information about the websites that recommended you to the site after you clicked on a text or banner link or an ad from another websites, or the day and time you visited the site and how long you spent on the site. We aggregate such information to help us to compile reports as to trends and other behavior about users visiting our Site; however such information is anonymous and cannot be linked immediately to you.  
We may also use "cookies" and your personal details to enhance your experience on the Website and to provide you with personalized offers. A cookie is a small data file placed on your computer's hard drive that contains information that allows us to monitor and track your action on the site. The cookie itself does not contain any personal Information; however, if you offer us any personal details the cookie may act as an identifier to tie your  
personal details to your IP address or computer. You may choose to delete cookies from your computer’s hard drive at anytime or to disable cookies on your computer. If you remove or delete cookies that report to the site, we may not be able to identify you upon your return to the site. In addition, if you turn off your computer's cookies, you may not be able to access certain characteristics of the site that needs cookies to be enabled. The site's cookies cannot be used to study information from your hard disk and cannot recover information from any other cookies designed or created by other websites.

In addition, our cookies cannot be used as a virus, Trojan horse, worm, or any other malicious tool that could damage your use of your laptop or computer. Our cookies are used to help us better comprehend how you and other users use the site so we can continue to offer a better, more customized/personalized user experience on the site. We also share web page utilization information about our Website with those interested in managing focused promotional campaigns on the site. For this objective, we and our promoters track some of the pages that you visit on the Website through the use of pixel tags (also known as clear gifs).

In addition, we use third-party advertising organizations to offer ads when you visit the Website. These advertising organizations may use information about your visit to the site and other websites in order to offer commercials about products and services of interest to you.

If you would like more details about this practice and to know your alternatives about not having this information used by these organizations, visit http://networkadvertising.org. Google, as a third party advertising provider, uses a cookie known as the "Dart cookie" to offer ads. Google’s and Double Click’s use of the DART cookie allows them to offer ads to you according to your visit to the Website and other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google advertising privacy policies.  
**Why we gather your information  
**We gather anonymous and personal details about you to provide you the most appropriate information, products, programs, and services that you request; to constantly improve the features, offerings, and content that we provide through the Site; to customize the content and commercials offered to you; to figure out how you use and respond to the features, promotions, and commercials on the Site; to provide you with advertising, marketing and promotions from our Associates or advertising partners targeted to your preferences; and to help provide you other products, programs, or services that may interest you. We reserve the right to gather and reuse the anonymous and personal information about you for marketing requirements. ****  
**Website Limited to People over the Age of 18  
**It is our intent only to gather your personally identifiable data from those who are at least 18 years of age, who are legal citizens/residents of the United States with a legitimate email and mailing address, and who willingly provide such details by completing the registration procedure on the site or by concluding one or more forms on the site seeking information or services from us. If you fall short to meet any of the age, email or mailing address with demands described above, you are not authorized to complete the registration procedure or any forms on the site that request for your personal information. 

**Sharing and Unveiling Your information for Professional/commercial Purposes**  
If you register with us by completing one or more of the offers on the Web page you realize that you will be concurrently registered with our Associates and advertising partners and that we may share your personal information with third-party organizations who intend to use the information for their promotion purposes. Personal details we acquire from you during your registration remains your property, but by applying for one or more offers on the site or otherwise giving your personal details with us, you allow us the right to use your personal information for promotion purposes including, but not restricted to, sharing such info via co-registration with Associates and advertising partners(i.e., by clicking on any advertiser’s banner you accept be co-registered at that advertiser’s website at zero cost to you).   
Additionally, we may sell and/or license your personal information to third-party companies who deem the offers you have accomplished particularly appropriate to their business. These companies may involve, but are not restricted to, educational institutions and direct marketing providers.  
**Sharing Your Information with Our Service Providers**  
We retain the services of other companies to perform specific features on our behalf. For example conducting marketing campaigns via email, direct mail, telemarketing, SMS text-messaging, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. While performing these services, our service providers may have access to your Personal information as needed to complete their functions for us.  
**Other Circumstances When We Use or Share Your Information** We may also use your details to deliver offers you have requested, to carry out contests, track your observance to Website guidelines, to determine how to improve the Website content, and to get reviews or feedback. We reserve the right, on behalf of ourselves and our Associates, to release your details in the event that  
(i) we believe you have used the Website in violation of the Website guidelines or to carry out unlawful acts,  
(ii) the details is subpoenaed or otherwise required to mitigate our liability in a lawsuit or other legal process, (iii) One On One or one of its Associates, is sold, obtained, or merged with another company, or considerably all of our resources or the resources of one of our Associates are obtained, or (iv) when we regard it essential or appropriate.  
To the degree that we acquire your credit card information that details will be kept confidential and will not be shared any third parties without your prior informed consent. Despite our commitment to keep your credit card information confidential, we reserve the right to share with third parties the fact that we have your credit card information on file. ****  
**Opting Out**  
This privacy policy describes the prospective ways we might share your information. If you do not agree to our prospective uses of your Personal Information as we have described in this privacy policy, you are not required to provide your Personal Information to us. However, once your Personal Information is  shared with us and we share that information with third parties, we and they may deliver you direct marketing advertisements, or include you in our specific email, direct mail, telemarketing, or SMS text-message marketing campaigns.

All third parties with whom we share your personal information are bound by the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7701, et seq.) and the National Do-Not-Call Registry and are obligated to be in complete compliance with all consumer opt-out rules and policies. If at any time you would like to stop receiving offers from any of our Associates or a third party, please contact the Affiliate or third party directly and ask them to eliminate you from their promotional activities or visit their website for complete information as to how you may unsubscribe yourself from their campaigns. If you do not want to receive e-mail, direct mail, telemarketing or SMS text-messaging from us, please let us know by emailing us at [info@schoolanduniversity.com](mailto:info@freeeducationaid.com\)-)

**Privacy on Third-Party Websites**  
Our Website contains links to third-party websites. This privacy policy only covers our use of your information that we gather through the site. The websites of advertisers, sponsors, and other third-party websites available through the site may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. As such, we urge you to review their respective privacy policy when visiting third-party websites.  
**Security of Your Information**  
Within our company your Personal Information may only be accessed on a "need to know" basis by employees who must access that information to supply products or services to you to do their jobs and to fulfill on requests that you have made through the Site. There is no way for us to make sure the privacy of your information before it arrives at the site or after it leaves the site. By using any part of the Website, you acknowledge, without restriction or qualification, to be bound by this privacy policy as it may be changed and updated from time to time. If you do not acknowledge with this privacy policy, please do not use the Website. When you supply us your personal information through the Website or through any link or form that directs you to the Website, you accept and agree to be approached and/or to receive offers from One on One, its Affiliates, or our third-party promoters/advertisers, and that we may use and share your personal information as defined above. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change this privacy policy at any time, so please check back to the site and this privacy policy frequently to be aware of and understand all up-dates.    
All changes to the privacy policy will be effective immediately upon their publication to the Website. You will be considered to have been made conscious of, will be subject to, and will be considered to have accepted, the changes to the amended or revised privacy policy by your continued use of the Website.  
Effective as of February 22, 2012.  
**Contact Information**  
If you have any concerns about this privacy policy, or any legal issues pertaining to the Site, please contact us:  
[info@schoolanduniversity.com](mailto:info@freeeducationaid.com)
