> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cylance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607140443id_/http%3A//www.cylance.com/company/privacy-policy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Cylance

The purpose of this privacy policy (this “Policy”) is to provide you with a description of the types of information Cylance, Inc. (“we,” “our” or the “Company”) collects about you when you visit the Cylance web site located at [http://www.cylance.com](https://web.archive.org/), and associated sub-domains (the “Site”) and download and install our Cylance V software (“Cylance V”), Cylance PrivateDETECT software (“Cylance PrivateDETECT”) or any installer or other application (collectively, the “Software”), and how we use that information. By visiting or using the Site and/or Software or using our security monitoring and virus protection services (the “Services”), you agree to the provisions of our [End User License Agreement](https://web.archive.org/company/eula.shtml) and this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use or access the Site or the Software or use the Services.

### Information We Collect

**When You Download and Register to Use the Software**

When you download and register to use the Software, we require that you sign in using a Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Google account. You can also choose to link additional social media accounts with the Software so that we can monitor links or attachments sent through those services. When you choose to link one or more of your social media accounts, you grant the Company access to certain information associated with your account, including the primary email address associated with the account and (depending on which type of account you use) your name, photo, headline, current position, who you follow and Tweets from your timeline. We collect the primary email address associated with your account and a random code generated by the social media service (a “token”) that verifies your log in information (your “Account Information”).

**When You Visit the Site**

In addition, we automatically collect certain aggregate information and analytical data related to your Site visit and Software usage (see “How We Use Cookies” below). Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable or anonymous information about you, including the date and time of your visit, the IP address of your computer, your browser information, the Internet address that you visited prior to and after reaching the Site, the name of the domain and host you used to access the Internet and the features of our Site and Software which you accessed. This data is in no way associated with your personally identifiable information.

**While Providing the Services**

As an integral part of the Services, the Software will automatically collect and transmit certain data, and hashes including system files, dll files, binary files and/or other executable code, including those which may from time to time be embedded in other file types (“Potentially Suspicious Files”). Potentially Suspicious Files are transmitted to our servers so that we can analyze those files for malicious code, malware or other intrusive programs.

**When You Sign Up To Receive Additional Information or Register for a Webinar**

At various points on the Site you can sign up to receive additional information or attend a webinar. To receive additional information from us, we ask that you provide your name, company name, email address and phone number. This information is retained by us and trusted third parties affiliated with the Company to provide you with the information, marketing materials or updates for products and services similar or related to the information you have requested. If at any time you do not want to receive further information or materials, you can opt-out by following the instructions in the communication or emailing us at [privacy@cylance.com](mailto:privacy@cylance.com).

**How We Use Your Account Information**

Your Account Information is stored securely on an encrypted drive with controlled and audited access, and used to inform you of upcoming events, send you information and updates, respond to inquiries for service requests, authenticate your use of the Software and manage the Site, the Software and assess their usage and the usage of the Services.

**How We Use Cookies**

Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.

We use cookies to compile aggregate data about Site traffic and interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve the Services. We have no access to or control over these cookies or tracking technologies. This Policy covers the use of cookies on [http://www.cylance.com](https://web.archive.org/) and by us only and does not cover the use of cookies or tracking technologies by any such business partners.

**Outside Parties; Disclosure of Information**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties, except trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Site, conducting our business, or providing you with the Services, who agree to keep your personally identifiable information confidential. 

We disclose information that we, in good faith, believe is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity, or to conduct investigations of violations of our End User License Agreement. For example, this means that if we conduct a fraud investigation and conclude that one side has engaged in deceptive practices, we can give that person or entity’s contact information to victims who request it.

We disclose information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, levy, attachment, order of a court-appointed receiver or other comparable legal process, including subpoenas from private parties in a civil action. If the subpoena seeks information about an identified user or limited group of users, we’ll make reasonable business efforts to contact the user(s) before providing information to the party that requests it. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to contact the user(s) in all cases, whether because of a time limit, court order, inability to effectively contact a user, or for any other reason.

We may disclose information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you). 

We are not limited in our use of non-personal information that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, or non-identifiable aggregate information about our users (such as the number of users of our Services, the geographic distribution of our users, the amount of information located and/or removed, etc.).

As with any other business, it is possible that in the future we could merge with or be acquired by another company. If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by us, including customer account information, but would continue to be bound by this Policy unless and until it is amended.

**Third Party Payment Processor**

When you purchase our Cylance V product, we use a third party to process your payment. Any information you provide, including your personally identifiable information and payment information, is provided directly to that third party processor, and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy and terms of use. We do not collect or retain your payment information. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we are not affiliated in any way with the third-party credit card processor and that we have no responsibility or liability for the services provided by such third party payment processor or such payment processor’s acts or omissions. 

**Third Party Links**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Site. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and Services and welcome any feedback about these sites.

**Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our Site, products and Services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older and we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from, market to or accept services from children. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at [privacy@cylance.com](mailto:privacy@cylance.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.

**Terms and Conditions For Site Usage**

Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the Site at [http://www.cylance.com/terms-of-service.shtml](https://web.archive.org/company/terms-of-service.shtml).

**Additional Terms and Conditions for Software Products**

This Policy applies only to information collected through our Site or by the Software and not to information collected offline. Your download and use of our Software product is subject to additional terms and conditions that define your and our rights with respect to the Software and its use. Those additional terms and conditions are contained in the End User License Agreement that you are required to accept prior to downloading the Software. You can see the End User License Agreements for Cylance Software by clicking here [http://info.cylance.com/eula.](http://info.cylance.com/eula?__hstc=41610621.839db83731cfd6899f1653c1071051f7.1404328305884.1407037433683.1407095516744.58&__hssc=41610621.74.1407095516744&__hsfp=2337622602)

**Your Consent**

By using our Site and/or downloading or using the Software or Services, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Policy.

**Effective Date; Changes to Our Privacy Policy**

Each time you use the Site or Software, the current version of this Policy will apply. Accordingly, when you use the Site or Software, you should check the date of this Policy (which appears at the top of the Policy) and review any changes since the last version. Our business changes frequently and this Policy is subject to change from time to time. Unless stated otherwise, our current Policy applies to all information that we have about you. We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. 

**Governing Law; Notice to California Residents**

This Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. Please note that our Services are designed for compliance with United States data privacy and security regulations. The United States and other countries have not harmonized their privacy regulations. Because we are located in the United States, we have written this Policy to satisfy United States regulations and the users of the Software and Services agree to that level of protection. 

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by the Company to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request please send an email to [privacy@cylance.com](mailto:privacy@cylance.com) or write us at the address below.

**Contacting Us**

If there are any questions regarding this Policy you may contact us using the information below:

[www.cylance.com](https://web.archive.org/)  
46 Discovery, Suite #200  
Irvine, CA 92618  
USA  
[info@cylance.com](mailto:info@cylance.com)
