> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the financial-planning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20031203185536id_/http%3A//www.financial-planning.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Financial-Planning.com

  
**Financial-Planning.com: Privacy Policy**  
This Privacy Policy covers Financial-Planning.com's treatment of personally identifiable information we collect when you are on the Financial-Planning.com site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information our business partners share with us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies Financial-Planning.com does not own or control, or to individuals Financial-Planning.com does not employ or manage, including operators of sites to which you may link from the Financial-Planning.com web site. 

**What information do we gather?**  
The only personally identifiable information we collect about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration or when responding to offers from Financial-Planning.com or from our business partners. We also collect information about aggregate site usage. We also gather statistics about unique visits, repeat visits and page views based on IP addresses. 

**Why do we ask for personal information about you?**  
Our goal at Financial-Planning.com is to provide you with comprehensive financial news, data and tools that assist you in making decisions about your practice and your client's investments. Many of the features on our site will be more beneficial to you if you customize the way they work and what they contain, so that you can return to your personalized version each time you visit the site. To support this personalization, we need to be able to identify your account from session to session. This requires that you provide us with some information about yourself. Your user name, password and e-mail address allow us to differentiate you from other users and to maintain your personalized version of the site. 

They also allow us to contact you about developments and new products on the site. Other information that we ask you to share with us allows us to improve the site and still keep it free. Aggregate demographic information about our users is valuable to our advertisers, as it provides them with some important, yet anonymous information about potential customers. Without advertising support, we could not keep the site free for your use. 

We may share aggregate information with our partners and advertisers. We will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you have consented by "opting in" to being contacted by Financial-Planning.com, its partners and advertisers, and other third parties, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. We will give you a way to opt out of being contacted by Financial-Planning.com. 

**Opting Out: Here is how it works at Financial-Planning.com:**  
We do not share personally identifiable information with anyone, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you "opt in" to having your information shared with third parties, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. It's that simple. 

When we ask you for personally identifiable information, we will tell you if we intend to share it with others. We will provide you with a way to tell us that you don't want us to share the information or if you don't want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about products, services, and offerings from Financial-Planning.com and/or any third parties. We will also provide you with a way to update the personally identifiable information that you share with us during registration. Once you have "opted in" and agreed that your information may be shared with third parties or you have responded to an offer by any third party on the Financial-Planning.com Web site, you must update your information online to "opt out" again. 

**How does Financial-Planning.com use cookies?**  
Financial-Planning.com uses cookies to speed up the login process for you at various points on the site. When you register with Financial-Planning.com, we assign a unique user ID to you, and we place a cookie on your computer that will remind our system of that user ID in other areas of the site, or the next time you visit the site. This cookie allows you to access all of your personalized areas of the site without having to logon multiple times. If you choose to logoff, this cookie we set in registration will be deleted, and we will then set another cookie like it on your computer next time you login. 

_Please note:_ Nothing in a cookie allows us to identify you individually. Your computer is assigned a number and that number is tracked using the cookie. This number is only meaningful in the context of our secure database system and your personalized version of Financial-Planning.com. 

We also use cookies to log your activity on the site. Everything we learn from these logs will be used to enrich your experience on our site. It will help us understand what you like and don't like, so we can focus our energies more effectively and provide you with better financial news and data. 

The only personally identifiable information we collect about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration or when responding to offers from Financial-Planning.com or from our business partners. As stated earlier, this information will be closely protected and used for internal purposes only, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you have consented by "opting in" to being contacted by Financial-Planning.com, its partners and advertisers, and other third parties, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. We will never willfully release your personal information to any third party without providing you notice unless: you direct us to enter you in a contest; you ask us to sign you up for a service that is sponsored by one of our partners; you otherwise opt in to have your information shared with third parties; we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; we find your actions on our Web site violate our Terms of Use or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services; or we transfer your information in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether assets, stock, or otherwise), of all or a portion of a business of Financial-Planning.com. 

We also collect information about aggregate site usage. Statistics we gather about unique visits, repeat visits and page views are all based on IP addresses, not on your individual activities. 

**Children's Privacy**  
Protecting children's privacy is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information on Financial-Planning.com from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of Financial-Planning.com is targeted to attract anyone under 13. We request that all visitors under 13 to Financial-Planning.com not disclose or provide any personally identifiable information. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete the child's personally identifiable information from our records. 

**Changes to the Financial-Planning.com Privacy Policy**  
Financial-Planning.com may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice in our privacy policy or in other locations on our Web site or by sending you an email to inform you of our updated privacy policy. 

**Information Corrections**  
Changes to your profile may be made on the site, by accessing our Membership area, where a form is present to update any of your personal information. It may take us up to five (5) business days to process your changes, but we will do so as quickly as we can. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases. 

**Security**  
Financial-Planning.com takes physical, electronic and managerial steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. However, we make no representation, warranty or guarantee that such information will remain secure and accurate at all times. In addition, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Financial-Planning.com, and you do so at your own risk. 

**Consent to Transfer**  
Financial-Planning.com is operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using Financial-Planning.com, participating in any of our products or services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. 

**Links**  
Financial-Planning.com may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Financial-Planning.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Financial-Planning.com encourages users to be aware when they leave Financial-Planning.com and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by Financial-Planning.com. 

**Message Boards**  
Financial-Planning.com may contain message boards. Considering the real-time nature of message boards, it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Please remember that we do not actively monitor the contents of posted messages and are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of Financial-Planning.com or any of its affiliates. 

Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by mail. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary. You acknowledge, however, that Financial-Planning.com may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately. You agree that you will not post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, ateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law. 

Although Financial-Planning.com does not and cannot review the messages posted and is not responsible for the content of any of these messages, we reserve the right to delete any message for any or no reason whatsoever. You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Financial-Planning.com, and its affiliates and representatives based upon any damages caused by your message. Financial-Planning.com also reserves the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you. 

**And finally...**  
Sometimes we want personal information from you so that we, our partners and our advertisers can send you some material we think might be of interest to you. This helps us to keep the site free for your unlimited use. We will always tell you up front what we're going to do with your responses, and we will always give you a chance to say "no thanks." 
