> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the financialbuzz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201000011id_/http%3A//www.financialbuzz.com/edward-snowden-forces-americans-to-choose-between-privacy-and-security-10115) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Edward Snowden Forces Americans to Choose Between Privacy and Security - Financial Buzz

****Some Americans would voluntarily hand over their personal information to the government to help secure the nation. However, the majority of us would be upset to discover that our personal information has been exploited, even though we regularly share personal information online with social media “friends” with little to no concern. The actions of Americans don’t always match the words coming out of their mouths.

In the wake of Edward Snowden’s revelation implicating the NSA of wrongfully gathering personal data and surveillance through phone calls and internet activity, the government is being called out for infringing on the privacy of American citizens. It came as a surprise that NSA surveillance and gathering of personal information is collected without warrants, subpoenas or court orders. In addition to phone companies, Facebook and Microsoft have disclosed that combined, they have received over fifty-thousand data requests from the government.

In an economic environment where the government has been charged to cut back on spending, the classified NSA budget is said to be approximately $10 billion each year. The House has recently passed a $45 billion measure for the Department of Homeland Security that is expected to pass in the Senate. It is fair to say Americans value security and safety by supporting such hefty budgets. But, are they willing to sacrifice privacy for the same purpose?

 **Government Conspiracy or Natural Progression?**  
Prior to 9/11, Americans felt safe knowing their rights and information were being protected by the federal government. But, immediately following the terrorist attacks, people began to place blame on several government agencies. The American people were appalled that the government had been so uninformed of such a large scale plan to attack U.S. soil. The American people spoke, and the Bush Administration felt an urgent need to reassure the nation of their safety.

The Department of Homeland Security was created just eleven days after the attack. It coordinates between multiple agencies to improve the flow of information for the betterment of the nation’s security. Regulations in place at the time were modified to allow government agencies to bypass court orders and subpoenas, collect data quickly and streamline the process of finding and eliminating national threats.

Personal information gradually began to be collected and used with neither the knowledge nor permission of the individual. Although people were willing to accept drastic measures to re-establish the sense of safety in the nation, the use of their personal information was never a consideration.

In the meantime, social media sites were being developed. Upon Facebook’s conception, the government likely didn’t consider it a future source of security information. But, it has become a very valuable source for discovering potential national threats before they become a security risk. With over one billion users, Facebook, a $15 billion company, collects and stores personal information. This includes not only personal profile content, but conversations, pictures, interests and more. The information, voluntarily given by users to Facebook, is then organized, filtered and sold to advertisers for a whopping $4.2 billion in revenue. The users that use the “free” service and supply their information never see a dime of that money. 

The sharing of this personal information has caused people to question the privacy rights of the American people. Ironically, Americans are outraged that their personal data is being gathered for national security, yet they are voluntarily handing over the same information to social media sites to profit the corporations billions of dollars.

Perhaps before rebuking an organization for failing to take appropriate measures to keep the nation safe from terrorists, Americans need to consider what they are willing to personally sacrifice for security. Society screams when they discover their personal information is being collected and used to supposedly keep them safe, declaring that the privacy of their personal information is of huge value. However, they disvalue that same information by freely giving it to social media sites without a single benefit for themselves. While American values are being pitted against one another, a choice will eventually need to be made between privacy and security.
