> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the findwhat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-09-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140923090250id_/http%3A//www.findwhat.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FindWhat.com|Comparison Shopping Made Easy!

Effective January 1, 2014

**This Policy may change from time to time. Please check back frequently for updates.**

Adknowledge EN, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Findwhat.com (“Findwhat”, “we”, or “us”) respect and protect the privacy of consumers. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes what information we collect through Findwhat.com, how we use that information, and some of your privacy rights regarding that information.

  1. **Collection of Information and Your Privacy Rights**

_What information we collect and how we collect it._

    1. _Subscription or Survey Information_. Findwhat collects information from you when you voluntarily provide it to Findwhat or one of its partners, through websites (owned and operated by Findwhat or a third party), social networking applications and other means (together, these sources are referenced hereafter as "Publishers") (for example, by signing up for an email newsletter or through a co-registration offer on a survey), or by others means of online or offline surveys, order forms, or registration pages operated by third parties (collectively, a "User Form"). In a User Form, Findwhat or a third party may offer you incentives in exchange for providing information about yourself such as name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers, birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, employment information, and personal and online interests (together, "User Information"). Completing the User Form is voluntary and you are under no obligation to provide User Information.
    2. _Vendor List Information_. Findwhat may obtain information about you after you provide information to a third party and you permit that party (the "Seller") to share the information, which Findwhat subsequently purchases, licenses, or otherwise lawfully acquires. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your name, street address, zip code, telephone numbers, birth date, gender, salary range, education, marital status, occupation, industry of employment, personal and online interests, and other information which you provided to the Seller (together, "Vendor List Information"). When acquiring Vendor List Information, Findwhat requires assurances from the Seller that the Seller has a right to transfer the Vendor List Information to Findwhat and that Findwhat may lawfully use the Vendor List Information to transmit offers from advertisers.
    3. _User Behaviors Collected with Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Information_. Findwhat uses cookie and web beacon technology to associate certain Internet-related information about you, such as your Internet Protocol address and what Web browser you are using, with certain of your online behaviors, such as opening or clicking on a particular online advertisement. Additionally, Findwhat may use other new and evolving sources of information and information gathering in the future (together, "Technology Information"). 
      1. Cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on the hard drive of your computer that allows Findwhat and/or its partners to identify your IP address with corresponding information in Findwhat's database. Findwhat and/or its partners may use cookies to track individual responses or views of advertisements, and use this information to help predict what other advertisements may be of interest to you and enable you to receive customized advertisements or content. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, such as your email address, that we may share with any third party, solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To learn about how you can opt-out of the receipt of cookies, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. To learn about how you can remove cookies placed on your computer or prevent the placement of cookies on your computer, please see Section 4 below. To learn more about cookies in general, please visit [http://www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/).
      2. A web beacon is programming code used to display an image on a web page and can also transfer an individual's user identification to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about the individual. Web beacons enable Findwhat to track certain Web sites you visit or advertisements you view online. Web beacons help determine products or services in which you may be interested and help track online behaviors for marketing purposes. More information about web beacons is available at <http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/W/Web_beacon.html>.
      3. Where Technology Information is Collected. Technology Information is collected directly from Findwhat advertisements or indirectly through Publishers that Findwhat contracts with to display advertisements. Such advertisements will usually be displayed within one of the following advertising vehicles: 
        * _Websites_. Findwhat may set a cookie on your computer when you view advertisements delivered on Publisher websites. After a cookie is set, Findwhat may track how you interact with the advertisement and the Publisher website (for example, registering, purchasing, browsing, etc.).
        * _Software Programs_. Similar to Websites, Findwhat displays banner advertisements in software programs that you may use.
        * _Email Databases_. Findwhat and/or its partners may track your interaction with email advertisements sent to you (for example, by setting a cookie on your computer) on behalf of Publishers, advertisers or partner websites (for example, when you register, purchase, or browse in response to such email).
    4. _Outside Information_. Findwhat may lawfully receive information about you from third parties, such as information located in public databases ("Outside Information").
    5. _No Information Collected from Minors_. MINORS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 SHOULD NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS, TO Findwhat. If Findwhat is notified it has personal information about a minor under the age of 18, that information will be promptly deleted from our database.
    6. _Individual Information_. As used herein, Individual Information means User Information, Vendor List Information, Technology Information, Outside Information, and any other information Findwhat lawfully obtains about you.
  2. **Use of Information and User Data**

_How we use and share the information we collect._

    1. _Discretion to Use Information_. Information voluntarily provided to Findwhat or lawfully obtained by Findwhat is the property of Findwhat and may be used by Findwhat for any lawful purpose, including the sale, lease or transfer of the information to Publishers, advertisers and data aggregators, for marketing purposes. If you wish to end your email subscription with us or one of our Publishers, you may follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe or follow the instructions detailed at Section 4 below.
    2. _Targeted Advertising and Information_. Information voluntarily provided to Findwhat or lawfully obtained by Findwhat is the property of Findwhat and may be used by Findwhat for any lawful purpose, including the sale, lease or transfer of the information to Publishers, advertisers and data aggregators, for marketing purposes. If you wish to end your email subscription with us or one of our Publishers, you may follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe or follow the instructions detailed at Section 4 below.
    3. _Legal Process_. Findwhat may disclose Individual Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal process as required by law.
    4. _Summary Data_. Findwhat may sell or transfer non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons.

_How we store and protect the information we receive._

    5. _Storage of Individual Information_. Findwhat stores Individual Information in a database on Findwhat computers; the information is maintained and stored in encrypted form. In addition, Findwhat's computers have security measures, such as a firewall, to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Findwhat's control. Findwhat also maintains physical and procedural safeguards to protect Individual Information. Notwithstanding such measures, Findwhat cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent these computers from being illegally accessed and the Individual Information on them stolen or altered.
  3. **Privacy Practices of Third Parties**

    1. _Advertiser cookies and web beacons_. Publishers who place advertisements on the Internet may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to collect information about you. Findwhat does not control Publishers' use of such technology. Findwhat may place cookies of its Publishers or advertisers who are under contract with Findwhat, on your computer. These cookies may be placed at the time you open and/or click within email sent by Findwhat or a Publisher under contract with Findwhat. This Policy does not apply to the practices of Publishers or other companies that Findwhat does not own or control or to people that Findwhat does not employ or manage.
    2. _Links_. The Publishers' Website and email messages transmitted by Findwhat on its own behalf or on behalf of Publishers may contain hypertext links to the Websites of third parties. Findwhat is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Websites.
    3. _Affiliated Companies that are not Publishers_. Findwhat may disclose or transfer Individual Information to wholly owned or controlled Findwhat entities in Findwhat's discretion.
  4. **How You May Exercise Your Rights**

    1. _Websites_. To prevent the display of Publisher or Findwhat advertising on a Website, for example, banner advertisements, do not visit the Website. To only prevent Findwhat from tracking your behavior on a Website, turn off cookies from that Website and do not click on or interact with any advertisements. Please note that Findwhat does not have a mechanism or process to respond to any “do not track” signals which a web browser may send or receive, other than as described in this section.
    2. _Email Databases_. To unsubscribe from Findwhat or Publisher email lists, click the link included in the footer of any message delivered by Findwhat or a Publisher and follow the instructions provided. You may also unsubscribe from emails you signed up for at this Website by visiting <http://www.findwhat.com/unsubscribe>.
    3. _Software Programs_. To prevent software programs from displaying advertisements on your computer, uninstall the software program provided by a Findwhat Publisher by following the instructions included in the privacy policy at the time of installation. Software programs should include an option to uninstall in the "Add/Remove Programs" section of the Windows® operating system, or by visiting the file director of the installed program and running an uninstaller executable.
    4. _Cookies_. Check instructions about your web browser to learn how to prevent placement of, or how to remove, cookies placed on your computer by Findwhat.
  5. **More Information**

    1. For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit [http://www.netcoalition.com](http://www.netcoalition.com/) and [http://www.privacyalliance.org](http://www.privacyalliance.org/). If you wish to be notified of any updates to this Privacy Policy, please check back frequently as any updates will be posted to Findwhat with a new effective date. If you have questions about this Policy and your rights under this policy, would like access to personal information we may have about you in our files, to correct, update, or to have us delete it, or would like to notify us of your choice to opt out of the sharing of any of your personal information, please write to us at:

FINDWHAT.COM  
Attn: Privacy and Compliance Group  
4600 Madison Ave., 10th Floor  
Kansas City, MO 64112 



