> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the findsale.club privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181106200835id_/http%3A//findsale.club/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Findsale - Privacy policy

We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we shall endeavor to use any information that you provide when using this website in accordance with this privacy policy. This privacy policy explains what information we collect, how we protect any information you submit to us, and how we use it. We may amend this policy from time to time by updating this page. Therefore, we suggest you check this page occasionally to ensure you are aware of and are happy with any amendments. 

#### What information do we collect?

Personal information may be collected from you in various ways, for example: 

  * Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (these are information about your browser, your IP address, your general location as determined from your IP address and provided by your browser, the site from which you come, and the links followed when leaving our site).  

  * When you contact us and provide information on this page <http://findsale.club/contact> (this includes your name, email address)  




#### How is the information used?

We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: 

  * To respond to any queries which you may have; 
  * For statistical purposes and analysis for management purposes in order to administer the website or improve our products and services. 



Your information will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your consent to such disclosure. If you would like us to destroy information we hold about you, please let us know. 

#### Sale of business

If this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business. 

#### Third Party Websites

This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site to which this Site contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates. We recommend that you always read the privacy policies or statements of other third party websites that you may visit. 

#### Children

Personal Information pertaining to individuals who are under 13 years of age is not knowingly collected or maintained. Our website is not designed to attract people under the age of 13. If we become aware of any user under the age of 13 years we take appropriate steps to remove the user’s Personal Information from our database. 

#### Google Analytics

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from <https://policies.google.com/privacy>

#### Security

The internet is not a secure medium. However we take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to user information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this. 

#### Changes

We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page. If the change in our privacy policy affects the use of your personal information we will use our best endeavors to contact you by email to seek your consent to the use. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes 

#### Your acceptance of this privacy policy

If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use our site. By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. This Site is hosted in Unites States of America. Upon you accessing the site you consent to transfer your information out of the country of your residence to the country where our Site is hosted and you acknowledge that in such jurisdiction the laws regarding processing of Information may be less stringent that in your country. Where the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR, applies, you have rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you. 

#### How to contact us

We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please contact us [here](http://findsale.club/contact). 

**Last Updated: August 2018**
