> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the findthehome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180330154816id_/https%3A//www.graphiq.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Graphiq | Privacy Policy

Graphiq is a technology company focused on delivering knowledge through vivid, contextually-rich presentations, called Graphiq Visualizations. These Graphiq Visualizations put data into context for researchers, journalists and enterprise. This Privacy Policy exists to explain how this data and your information may be collected, used, and protected. This Privacy Policy may be updated by us from time to time in which case we will provide notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notification on the Graphiq website.

Privacy Policy

EFFECTIVE DATE: May 10, 2017

This Privacy Policy explains how Graphiq LLC (referred to in this Privacy Policy as Provider, we, us and our) collects, uses and discloses information we collect from you when you access, use or visit this website (the Website) and any other websites owned or operated by us. By accessing, visiting or using this Website, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.   Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you must not use this Website.  This Privacy Policy is part of, and is governed by, the terms and conditions set forth in our Terms of Use located at https://www.graphiq.com/terms-and-conditions.

1.              _Information Collected through this Website_.

1.1           __Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us__. ** ** If you are a visitor to this Website, **** we may collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service or technical services. **  **You may also choose to provide your email address to us if you would like to receive additional information about this Website and the products and services that Provider offers, including if you wish to be notified when listings have changed, for confirmation emails, authenticating your account, accounting notices and other reasons including instances in which you have requested specific information or updates. 

1.2 _            _Information Automatically Collected Through this Website_.  _We may automatically collect information about you when you use this Website. For example, if you access this Website through a computer, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, computer and connection information, IP address and standard web log information _._  If you access this Website through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device.   You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device's location services settings.  For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.

We may automatically collect information from you when you use this Website using cookies and other similar technologies, such as web beacons.  Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer's Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time. __

Information that may be collected by cookies when you use this Website may include, without limitation: 

  * the pages you visit within this Website; 
  * the date and time of your visit to this Website; 
  * the amount of time you spend using this Website;
  * the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/or
  * your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform.



You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. However, if you disable cookies you may not be able to log in to this Website or to use certain features of this Website. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). 

1.3           __Information Collected by Third Parties through__ __Third Party Links and Content__ ** _.   _**This Website may include links to other websites and other content from third party businesses.  These third party businesses may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technology to collect information about you.  Provider does not have access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technology that these third parties may use.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third party website.  You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit and of the advertisers whose ads you may choose to click while on this Website.    We use third-party vendors, including Google, Inc. (Google), to serve advertisements and collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit this Website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (not including your name, address, human-readable email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our sites, other websites, and other forms of media, including emails, about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about the practices of some of third party advertising companies that we work with and to learn which of these companies allow you to opt-out of this type of information collection, please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).  To opt out of interest based ads served by Google, you can visit the [Google advertising opt-out page.](http://www.google.com/settings/ads)  See our detailed cookie policy located [here](https://www.graphiq.com/cookie-info) for further details about our use of cookies for analytics and advertising and for your opt-out choices. Email users wishing to disable our email web beacons should do so by turning images "off" in their email client (e.g., Outlook, Gmail). 

**Do Not Track Requests**.  Your Internet browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that do not track requests are sent to the websites that you visit.  However, we will not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Website in response to any do not track requests that we receive from your browser.

1.4 _            _Information Collected by__ __Third Party Analytics Services__ _._   We may work with third party analytics services to help us understand how this Website is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of this Website. We may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, to collect information about your use of this Website. Google and these analytics services may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting this Website, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of this Website will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of this Website. 

1.5           __Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services__.  This Website may include links to third party websites and social media services where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information.  Your use of these third party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third party websites and social media services. 

1.6           __Information You Post on this Website__.  If you post information on public areas of this Website that information may be collected and used by Provider, other users of this Website, and the public generally.  We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through this Website that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public. 

2.              _How We Use the Information We Collect_.  We use the information we gather through this Website to help us better understand how this Website and our products and services are being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, we are able to better design this Website and our products and services to improve your experience.  We may also use this information to contact and communicate with you and to respond to your communications and requests. If you have provided your email to us, we may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these emails from us, please follow the instructions contained in each email you receive from us which will allow you to opt-out of receiving further email marketing communications from us.

3.              _How We Share Your Information with Third Parties_. We do not sell or rent user information we collect through this Website to any third parties for their own marketing purposes. In the event Provider wants to sell or rent your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes in the future, we will notify you and you will have an opportunity to affirmatively opt-in to receiving these third party marketing communications. We do share your information with third parties in some circumstances as follows: 

3.1.         __Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers__. We will disclose your information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (Service Providers) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting this Website, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services.  These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf. 

3.2           __Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies__. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (a) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (b) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (c) we believe that you have abused this Website by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.

3.3           __Business Transfers; Bankruptcy__. In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of this Website to third parties.  Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.

3.4           __Aggregate Information__.  We may share information relating to users of this Website with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally. _  _

3.5           __Our Affiliates__. **  **We may share some or all of your information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint venturers, or other companies under common control with us. These entities will not be permitted to use your information for their own marketing purposes. 

3.6 _            _DMCA Notices_. ****_ We may share your information with third parties when we forward Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) notifications, as described in our Terms of Use located at https://www.graphiq.com/terms-and-conditions.  DMCA notifications will be forwarded as submitted and we will not remove any personal information that may be included in the applicable notification. 

4.              _Children Under Age 13_. **** This Website is not intended for children under age 13, or for anyone under age 18 or the applicable age of majority without involvement of a parent or guardian.  We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information from or about children under the age of 13. ****

5.              _Security_. **  **We implement industry standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Provider cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through this Website and you do so at your own risk.

6.              _Amendments to this Privacy Policy_. **** We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on this Website at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes.  If you have provided us with your email address we will also notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending an email at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes to the email address you most recently provided to us. We encourage you to keep the email address you provide to us current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding material changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of this Website prior to the time the modified privacy policy takes effect.  If you continue using this Website after the modified privacy policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified privacy policy.

7.              _Use of Information Outside Your Country of Residence_. **  **If you choose to use this Website or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located.  Your agreement to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information through this Website represents your consent and agreement to these practices.  If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use this Website. **  **

8.              _Accessing, Changing and Managing Your Information_. **** If you have provided information that is made publicly available on this Website and you wish to remove it, you may edit the applicable listing or contact us directly in accordance with Section 9 below to remove that information. Please be aware that if the information has originated in a public database you will need to contact the source of this information to ensure this information does not continue to be displayed in the future. You may find the source of such information on the bottom of the listing page or by contacting us directly in accordance with Section 9 below.

9.              _Contact Us_.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy you may contact us at privacy@graphiq.com, or by clicking [here.](http://support.graphiq.com/hc/en-us/requests/new)
