> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the findinternettv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110526084846id_/http%3A//findinternettv.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Find Internet TV

This agreement was last updated on March 23, 2009. 

Find Internet TV ("Find Internet TV" or "we") understands that your privacy is important to you. Find Internet TV is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and the personal information that you may provide as you access and use the materials on Find Internet TV (the "Site"). We are committed to making sure that your personal information is correct, that we use your information responsibly, and that we have strict standards of confidentiality and security for your information. 

This privacy policy only applies to transactions and activities in which you engage, and data is gathered, on the Site but does not apply to any other web site or offline point of contact between Find Internet TV, or any other company, and consumers. **By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement.** If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.

**A Special Note About Children.** Find Internet TV understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, particularly in their online interactions. This web site is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children. 

**Information We Collect and How We Use It.** At Find Internet TV, your privacy is our utmost concern, which is why we collect as little information about you as possible. We collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. Throughout our site, we provide the opportunity to register for additional functionality, order a service, or participate in an online survey. When we collect this type of information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it. Some of our Site's registration, enrollment, account setup and other forms may ask users to give us contact information, unique personal identifiers, subject areas of interest and/or demographic information. We may use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our Site. We sometimes aggregate demographic information, and the types of systems and browsers of users for internal purposes, so that we may better understand the user population of our Site, identify subject areas of interest, and determine whether the Site is designed to work with the computer settings of a majority of our visitors. Find Internet TV also may conduct user surveys on the Web, which usually are intended to provide Find Internet TV with information on a number of areas, such as user identity, user viewing habits, whether or not users found what they were searching for, whether the Site content is relevant to user needs, and the like. Find Internet TV uses the information gathered from such surveys to improve our web content, navigation, and overall visitor experience. 

Any personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, subject areas of interest, etc., allows Find Internet TV to inform you about updates to the service and to notify you about other products and services offered by Find Internet TV that may be of interest to you. We will not sell, share, or rent or otherwise make available any of that information to other parties, except that we may disclose the information to third parties who perform services on our behalf in connection with the Site and have a need to access the information in connection with those services. In addition, Find Internet TV may disclose contact information for you in response to inquiries by bona-fide rights owners in connection with allegations of infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights arising from information that you have posted on the Site or otherwise provided to Find Internet TV. Individuals that subscribe to e-mail newsletters are given the opportunity to opt-out of promotions, news, and information at the time of sign up. Our Site also provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the points where we request information. You may also feel free to contact us as indicated below. 

Find Internet TV will display data to other users on the Site from the various activities you participate in such as "My Internet TV". This includes information that you submit to us such as the Internet TV you have commented on or added to "My Internet TV". 

We do not disclose your full name or email address nor do we sell it or make it available to any third party other than as outlined in more detail in this Privacy Policy, except in situations where required by law. 

**Cookies.** A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use persistent cookies. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Cookies are a perfectly normal part of Internet operations. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser's help file directions. 

Use of cookies may allow Find Internet TV to provide a higher quality, more relevant, customer experience. Use of cookies may also allow Find Internet TV to automate entry into password protected portions of the Site so that you will not need to re-enter your password each time you visit our Site. 

Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. 

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Find Internet TV. Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users like yourself based on your visit to Find Internet TV and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

**Log Files.** Like most standard web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. 

**Surveys.** From time-to-time our Site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (i.e. such as a name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as postal code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. User's personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. 

**Forums, Chat Rooms, Instant Messengers, and Online Email.** Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example in forums, chat rooms, through email, or through instant messengers - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, by posting personal information online that is publicly accessibly, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. 

**Third-Party Advertising.** We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gif's or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness or provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Any information that these parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google's Adwords and Adsense program, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

**Information Other Web Sites Collect From You.** On the Site, we place links to other web sites operated by other parties. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. 

**Our Disclosure of Your Information.** Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting and foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. 

**External Service Providers.** There are a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Site (i.e. co-branded sites, authentication, messaging agents). If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policy. 

**Other Corporate Entities.** It is possible that Find Internet TV, it's subsidiaries, joint ventures, or any combination of such, could join with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that Find Internet TV would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide our services. You will receive notice of such an event (to the extent it occurs) and we will require that the new combined entity follow the practices disclosed in this Privacy Statement. 

**Online Behavior.** Find Internet TV users communicate with each other through forums. While we do not, as a rule, moderate or monitor users' private exchanges, we reserve the right to do so if we suspect users using our service for the purpose of solicitation or any other violation of our Terms of Use. Under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure. Find Internet TV and our users do not tolerate spam in any form. To report spam, please use our [contact form](http://www.findinternettv.com/contact.aspx). 

**Control of Your Username and Password.** You are accountable for all actions taken with your username and password. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your Find Internet TV username and password to any third parties. If you share your username or password or any information with third parties to provide you additional services, you are accountable for all actions taken with your information and therefore should review the third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose extensive control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. 

**Notification of Changes.** If we decide to modify our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 

If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. 

**Data Security.** We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on Find Internet TV. You should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended. 

We are serious in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable resource for you to use. If you have any questions now or during your visit, please contact us. 

**Contact Information** If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please email us using our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/Contact.aspx). 
