> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the like.fm privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111109100331id_/http%3A//like.fm/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Like.fm

Effective: October 14, 2011 

Thank you for using the services available through the Like.fm software and the website at the domain name Like.fm, each, that are provided by Like.fm, Inc. (the “Like.fm Service”). At Like.fm, we strive to make your online experience with us secure and satisfying. This Privacy Notice describes and governs what information we gather from you, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. By using the Like.fm Service, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this Policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Notice, please do not use the Like.fm Service. This Privacy Notice is expressly incorporated into our Terms of Use. Your use of the Like.fm Service and any personal information you provide through the Like.fm Service are subject to this Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use at all times. 

## CHANGES AND UPDATES

We may periodically revise this Privacy Notice. Please revisit this page to stay current with any changes. The most recent version of this Policy will always be available on the Like.fm Service. The effective date of any changes will be posted at the top of this page. For changes to this Privacy Notice that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change. Your continued use of the Like.fm Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions. 

## INFORMATION LIKE.FM COLLECTS

Like.fm collects two types of data about users: (1) information that you or others voluntarily submit to us (described below under “User-Supplied Information”) and (2) technical data automatically collected from all visitors to the Like.fm Service (described below under “Automatically Collected Data”). 

User-Supplied Information:
    In using the Like.fm Service, for example when you register with us, or if you send us an email, you will provide Like.fm with data generally called “personally identifiable” information. If you choose to provide such information, you are giving Like.fm permission to use and store that information consistent with this policy. Additionally, please know that when you register or sign in to the Like.fm Service, you are not anonymous to us. 

  * Facebook Connect: You may connect your Like.fm account with your Facebook account. In order to do so, you will need to provide us with access to the information on your Facebook account through Facebook Connect. By doing so, you understand and authorize us to use all the information exposed to us through Facebook Connect pursuant to this Privacy Notice, including your status updates, photos, videos, name, email address and information regarding your friends on Facebook. You should check your Facebook settings to manage the information sent to third parties through Facebook Connect. 


Automatically Collected Data:
    The Like.fm Service operating on a website automatically logs non-personally identifiable information such as Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), a unique user ID, the content and pages that you access on the Like.fm Service and the dates and times that you visit the Like.fm Service. In addition, if you come to the Like.fm Service via a link from another site, we may also track the source of that link. 

  * Information Regarding “Cookies”: Like many other websites, the Like.fm Service may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Like.fm may use cookies to track user traffic patterns as described above. Like.fm may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Like.fm Service. Persistent cookies can be removed. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, however, some features on the Like.fm Service may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Please review your web browser “Help” file to modify your cookie settings. 


Information we Obtain from Other Sources.
    We may collect information about you from other sources, including from partners, and from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases). The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources: • Data you authorize us to access through your use of Facebook Connect. 

In general, the types and amount of personally identifiable information we collect vary depending on the activity. Like.fm endeavors to limit the collection of personally identifiable information to information we believe is minimally necessary to achieve our stated collection purposes. 

## THE WAY LIKE.FM USES INFORMATION

Like.fm uses personally identifiable information to establish and enhance our relationship with you. Like.fm may use the information that you provide, or that we collect, to operate, maintain, enhance, and deliver the various features and services found on the Like.fm Service; as well as to track user-generated content and users to comply as a service provider with the DMCA and other applicable laws.

Like.fm uses all of the information that we collect from users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the way the Like.fm Service works and looks, and to create new features and functionality. Further, Like.fm may use automatically collected data to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit Like.fm; (b) monitor your participation in various sections of the Like.fm Service; (c) customize our service to you, including by providing you with recommendations and (c) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.

We may use your e-mail address for administrative communications such as notifying you of major Like.fm Service updates, for customer service purposes, and to send privacy or security-related notices. We may store and use your friends’ contact information to invite them to join and connect with you on the Like.fm Service. Your friends’ will always have the ability to opt-out of receiving further email messages or SMS from Like.fm. 

## HOW LIKE.FM MAY DISCLOSE INFORMATION

We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us, including outside vendors, contractors, or agents who help us manage our business activities. Such entities only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and for no other purpose than to provide us with necessary services. 

Like.fm may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or under the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (including, without limitation, U.S. copyright or trademark laws) or respond to a court order, subpoena, judicial or other governmental requirement or warrant in a manner required by the requesting entity. 

Like.fm also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; enforce our Terms of Use; protect Like.fm from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to initiate, render, bill and collect for amounts owed to Like.fm; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Like.fm Service; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Like.fm, our Users, or others. 

In the event that Like.fm is acquired by, merged with, or our assets are transferred to, another entity, such entity may be able to use your personal information under the terms of this Privacy Notice. 

ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION If you register as a member of Like.fm, you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by e-mailing us privacy@Like.fm. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times. CHILDREN Like.fm does not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information about persons under 13 years of age. Any person who provides their personal information to Like.fm through this website represents that they are 13 years of age or older. If Like.fm learns that personally identifiable information of persons under the age of 13 years has been collected on the Like.fm Service without verifiable parental consent, then Like.fm will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has obtained a Like.fm Service account, then you may alert Like.fm at privacy@Like.fm and request that Like.fm delete that child’s personal information from its systems. DATA SECURITY Like.fm uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. However, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot, therefore, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Like.fm, and you do so at your own risk. Please know that although we make our best efforts to keep your information secure, this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If Like.fm learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this website or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this website. Like.fm may post a notice on the Like.fm Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach, or to opt out of receiving electronic notice you should notify us at privacy@Like.fm. INTERNATIONAL VISITORS The Like.fm Service is hosted in the United States. If you visit the Like.fm Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from laws of the United States, then please understand that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Notice. By providing your personally identifiable information on the Like.fm Service you consent to that transfer. THIRD PARTIES Except as expressly provided otherwise, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information that the Like.fm Service collects from you or that you disclose to us. If you disclose your information to others besides Like.fm different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Like.fm does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. CONTACT Please contact Like.fm with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, your personal information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by e-mail at privacy@Like.fm or by mail at Attn: Like.fm Inc., Privacy Matters, 548 Market St #31291, San Francisco, California 94104. 
