> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the acr.org privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051224014209id_/http%3A//www.acr.org/s_acr/doc.asp%3FCID%3D2572%26DID%3D17635) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ACR - Privacy Policy

The ACR is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information from you unless you choose to provide that information. If you purchase an ACR product online, we collect personal information required to support the purchase of products, including names, addresses, and e-mail addresses. When existing demographic information in our database is incorrect or incomplete, that information will be updated. The ACR only shares your personal information when necessary to complete your order (eg, your credit card and billing information is shared with our bank for authorization, and your delivery address is shared with our fulfillment center and shipper). The fulfillment center uses your e-mail address to send you an order confirmation and to alert you to any changes in the availability of the items you ordered. The ACR sends e-mails to let you know about changes to its Web site and communicate with you about issues that matter to the professions of radiology, radiation oncology, and medical physics, but we do _not_ sell e-mail addresses to third parties. The ACR, like most associations, does sell address information as a means of generating nondues income. You may opt out of the e-mail contact or address label sales by notifying the College's Membership Services Department at (800) 347-7748 or [membership@acr.org](mailto:membership@acr.org). 
