> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the totalvid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121001053956id_/http%3A//www.totalvid.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TotalVid

We will not provide any of your personal information to third-parties. We respect your privacy and want you to know what information about you we collect and what we do with that information. The following Privacy Policy applies to all information that we collect or receive from you. Information that you provide to us, and information that we collect from your activities on the TotalVid.com site, such as the pages you view and the videos you download and purchase, will be used solely by us to enhance your online experience by understanding you better and allowing us to make you aware of new services, programs, offers and products in which you may be interested. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials sent by TotalVid can opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with unsubscribe in the subject line of the email or by emailing us at [customerservice@totalvid.com](mailto:customerservice@totalvid.com)

If you authorize us to retain your credit card information in our database to facilitate your checkout process for future transactions, we will keep that credit card information confidential. Please note that TotalVid may contain links to other websites and occasionally other websites may be co-branded with the TotalVid name. Websites that are linked to TotalVid.com or carry the TotalVid brand may have privacy policies which differ from ours.

We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The type of information we collect includes the product codes and prices for merchandise that visitors purchase, the pages visited, the time spent on each page, and several other customer behavior activities that can be used for marketing and tailoring promotions to our customers. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. These business partners and advertisers receive aggregate data about groups of TotalVid users, but do not receive information that personally identifies you. If such agents and contractors have access to personally identifiable information, they are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for TotalVid.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at [customerservice@totalvid.com](mailto:customerservice@totalvid.com).
