> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tothemotherhood.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630221633id_/http%3A//tothemotherhood.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | To the Motherhood - Lifestyle Blogazine by HilLesha O'Nan

__

To the Motherhood, is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with To the Motherhood of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.

Therefore, this **Privacy Policy Agreement** shall apply to To the Motherhood and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of TotheMotherhood.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed in this agreement.

There are two basic types of information that is collected from our site: ( **I** ) personally identifiable information and ( **II** ) aggregate information. Personal identifiable information is data that is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a user’s name, e-mail address, or information about activities that is directly linked to that person.

The choice of how much personally identifiable information you disclose to us is completely at your discretion. Some areas of our Site are accessible without registration of any kind, and you can browse those areas of our Site. Other areas of our Site require registration in order for you to participate in the services offered. It is not mandatory for you to register and provide information to us, but please realize that in order for us to serve you better or provide particular features, you will need to provide certain information to access some areas of our Site. We collect information you give us when you register at and use our Site.

Personal identifiable information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been removed. Aggregate data may include anonymous demographic information such as country of origin, citizenship, ZIP code, age, gender, preferences and survey information. In other words, how you use our Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Site, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our user’s needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site.

As an unregistered user, you will be able to access many portions of our site, but will not be able to leverage our personalization features. If you choose to not register, then the information we collect from you is limited. The only information we could collect is your IP address in order to diagnose problems with our servers and usage metrics.

As a registered user, you will be able to share your content and information on our Site. For example, you may post your own ratings and reviews. You will also be able to send your To the Motherhood content to your social media network. In addition, registered users have access to all of To the Motherhood’s personalization features. As a registered user, we will be better able to serve you better and provide you with the unique feature set that only registered users can access.

We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, when you visit the site, our systems automatically collect standard user information for all users, including a user’s IP address, operating system, and page views. Information may be automatically collected through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are data snippets that websites store on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to analyze site use, target ads, store your preferences/passwords (if you have registered) and personalize your experience. You can configure most web browsers to reject cookies or notify you when cookies are placed. You must accept cookies to access TotheMotherhood.com as a registered user. Your access provider assigns an IP address to your computer when you use the Internet. We log each IP address that accesses the site, along with referring/destination URLs. We use this data, as well as other data in our databases, to analyze site and user behavior, troubleshoot technical problems, resolve disputes, address complaints, and prepare aggregated reports that we share with others.

Notwithstanding any other provision, we may engage a data provider who may collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content through web, mobile or other media channels. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these data provider cookies, please visit [ or ](http://www.aboutads.info/choices)<http://networkadvertising.org/choices>.

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for our use and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. As stated above, you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Service. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

We provide links to services provided by third party websites, which may, or may not, use cookies, pixel tags, and web tags. We also allow other companies, called third-party ad servers, to display advertisements on To the Motherhood. Ad servers may also use these tools to compile information about where users saw particular advertisements and to determine which ads were clicked on. We are not responsible for, or have any control over, the privacy policies of those third party websites and ad servers, and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when linking directly from To the Motherhood.

In general, we use personal information to serve our users, enable them to take maximum advantage of our services and to improve the products and services we provide to you. For example, we may use personal information to allow you to automatically log into our site every time you visit as opposed to manually entering your login information each time. We may also use your personal information to contact you with news or important information from To the Motherhood to provide you with other information or invitations related to your membership or community. We may email you additional material, but only if you request to receive them. You may always opt-out by emailing us your request to **Lesha@tothemotherhood.com**.

You can also cancel your registration by emailing us at Lesha@tothemotherhood.com. We will send you an e-mail to confirm your request. After we receive confirmation, we will remove your information from our active database, but some information may remain in our archives.

We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except when we have your consent to do so, as is necessary to complete a transaction you have requested, when required by law, or when permitted to protect our rights or property.

Third parties may independently collect information about users when users choose to view links or ads displayed on To the Motherhood. Users should contact those third parties directly if they do not wish to receive communications from them, or do not want those third parties to collect information about them.

Information about our users, including personal information, will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the site or fulfill products, sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.

If you reside outside the United States, your access to and use of the site is at your own risk. Users may not access the site, register for or use the Service if prohibited by law in their country of residence. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, To the Motherhood transfers PII to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this privacy statement followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

To the Motherhood takes appropriate precautions to protect our users’ information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). 

To the Motherhood does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 years or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for To the Motherhood or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No person under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on To the Motherhood. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a person under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at **Lesha@tothemotherhood.com**.

We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. Please check this page for information about revisions to our Privacy Policy.
