> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mancity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041216182336id_/http%3A//www.mancity.com/home/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MANCITY.COM

MANCITY.COM will always notify you when it is collecting personally identifiable information about you, as well as the use or uses MANCITY.COM intends to make with such information. For example, we may need to collect information to respond to your listing requests, posting reviews, requesting information, or to allow you to send or post messages, or for billing purposes. We also keep information about customers, and purchases in a secure database on our servers in order to fulfill online transaction and banking requirements. 

ANONYMOUS INFORMATION  
We may collect certain non-personal information from your IP address. This information is used only to provide an enhanced on-line experience for our visitors by optimizing our Web pages for your computer (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser, IP address, referral data, platform type, and search terms ). We may also use this non-personal information to determine the total number of visitors to our Web site. 

USE OF COOKIES  
When you view our Web site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a 'Cookie' and will help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor our Web site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. 

INFORMATION COLLECTED IN DELIVERY OF ADVERTISEMENTS  
In the course of delivering an advertisement to MANCITY.COM visitors, MANCITY.COM, or its advertising agency, does not collect any personally-identifiable information about the Web site user, such as the user's name, address, phone number or email address. MANCITY.COM's advertising agency does, however, collect non-personally identifiable information, such as the server a user's computer is logged onto, the user's browser type (for example, Netscape or Internet Explorer), and whether the user responded to the advertisement delivered. 

MANCITY.COM's use of the non-personally identifiable information collected by MANCITY.COM's advertising agency may include targeting advertisements and measuring advertisement effectiveness.

PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION  
Personally identifiable information about our visitors is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted by those visitors. MANCITY.COM uses such information only for the purpose for which it was submitted, unless we disclose other uses at the time of collection. MANCITY.COM does not sell personal information to third parties. MANCITY.COM may share personally identifiable information with other parts of our company, but this will never be used on an individual basis outside of the company. MANCITY.COM maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of personally identifiable information in its possession. MANCITY.COM may use such personally identifiable information in the aggregate (non-identifiable) form to make our Web site better and more responsive to the needs of our visitors. This statistical compilation of non-identifiable information may also be used by or provided to others for marketing, advertising, or research purposes. 

LINKS TO OTHER SITES  
MANCITY.COM chooses its advertisers and business partners carefully. However, MANCITY.COM is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to or from our Web site. These links are meant for the visitor's convenience only. Links to third party Web sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by MANCITY.COM of content, policies or practices of such sites. Once you have left the MANCITY.COM Web site via such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site. MANCITY.COM may also be linked to Web sites operated by companies affiliated with MANCITY.COM. Visitors to those sites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices. 

MESSAGE BOARDS AND SUBMISSIONS  
Should any visitor to MANCITY.COM Web site provide information, questions, comments, suggestions, reviews or any material through the feedback mechanisms located in the Web site, MANCITY.COM shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. The information expressed in any Reviews, Message Boards or chat rooms, or other forums conducted on MANCITY.COM, if any, are not necessarily those of MANCITY.COM or its affiliated or related entities or content providers and MANCITY.COM makes no representations or warranties regarding that information or those opinions.
