> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mangahelpers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230053401id_/http%3A//mangahelpers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

* * *

MangaHelpers (together with its subsidiaries, "MangaHelpers" or "we") considers the protection of personal privacy to be one of our most important values. This privacy policy ("Policy") gives you specific information on how we protect your privacy, how we treat personal information, and the choices you have.

This Policy applies to all web sites and services owned or provided by MangaHelpers and its subsidiaries, which we refer to here collectively as "MangaHelpers Sites". MangaHelpers Sites include, but are not limited to, MangaHelpers, as well as other MangaHelpers-branded services. From time to time we may add new sites, domain names or services to those listed above. Please note that this Policy applies only to sites owned and services maintained by MangaHelpers or its corporate subsidiaries and not to web sites or services provided by other companies or organizations to which we link.

As a condition of using the MangaHelpers Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. Additional terms and conditions which govern your use of the MangaHelpers Sites are contained in our User Agreement, and, as applicable, in certain other service-specific license agreements or terms of use, which you will be notified of at the time of your registration for the applicable services.

The Policy is accessible through the MangaHelpers Sites in several ways, including from a link entitled "Privacy" at the bottom of the MangaHelpers home page. You acknowledge that this Policy may change over time. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to revise this Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Policy, we will post the revised policy on the MangaHelpers Sites. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the MangaHelpers Sites. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is collected. Your continued use of the MangaHelpers Sites constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions of the Policy.

## Information Collection, Storage and Use

We refer to information that identifies an individual as "Personal Information." In general, MangaHelpers collects Personal Information from users of the MangaHelpers Sites in connection with access to certain online areas or services, including during (i) registration for certain online community services and tools such as message boards, chat rooms or other community services; (ii) registration for special communications, such as email updates and newsletters; (iii) subscription registration; (iv) user surveys; (v) events, sweepstakes, contests or promotions; and (vi) registration for online multi- or single-player gaming, either through the MangaHelpers Sites, within a manga publisher's site or through the manga itself. Your Personal Information is stored on MangaHelpers computer servers (or those of its service providers) located in the United States.

We may gather navigational, click stream data that indicates the areas of the MangaHelpers Sites you visit or access. This navigational data does not identify you as an individual user (i.e., based on your PII). We may enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows MangaHelpers to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the MangaHelpers Sites. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on the MangaHelpers Sites may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies have agreed not to share your information with any third party or use it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with MangaHelpers's advertisers and business partners. We also use and share navigational data in aggregate, non-personal form to understand how our users as a group use the MangaHelpers Sites.

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in public areas of a MangaHelpers Site, such as the member home pages and message boards, your information can be viewed and possibly used by others. We advise users to be especially careful in such public areas about disclosing Personal Information, such as full name, home address, or phone number.

Below are more details about the Personal Information we, or third parties may gather from you and how we may use it. 

  * Membership Information. When you register for membership on a MangaHelpers Site, we will ask you for certain minimum required information, such as your name, birth date, gender, email address and zip code. We may also ask for additional information about you and your interests. We do this so we can better understand your preferences and tailor the MangaHelpers Sites to suit you better. The more information you volunteer, the more we can tailor the MangaHelpers Site and promotions to your interests. Additionally, third-party service providers may require you to assent to their privacy party as a condition to receiving their service. 
    * Service Providers. We offer our members other services provided by third parties such as email and userpages, among others. When you register for membership on a MangaHelpers Site or activate a related service by clicking on a particular service link (i.e. email) on an MangaHelpers Site, you may be automatically registered to receive the services we offer and some of your Personal Information may be transferred from MangaHelpers to those third-party service providers. By becoming a member, you authorize us and our third-party service providers to send you email updates and information about promotions and special offers. We take care to require that our third-party service providers only use our member's data as necessary to provide the particular service and to give you updates on that service provider's products and services.
    * Manga Translators/Scanlators. We provide manga Translators/Scanlators with certain hosted technology and software that enables various manga related functionalities, such as an online archive to store your work. If you are not already a registered user of the MangaHelpers Sites you may be asked to provide Personal Information in connection with your use of such services. We share Personal Information with manga owners/publishers that offer such services to enable those entities to operate the services you have elected to receive. manga owners/publishers may also use Personal Information for other business purposes, provided that such use shall be in compliance with the terms of this Policy, except that a manga owner/publisher (a) will not contact you or otherwise use or transfer your Personal Information, unless you have expressly consented. Upon giving such consent your Personal Information will be subject to the manga owner's/publisher's privacy policy.
    * Co-registration with Other Sites. As a member, we offer you the ability to co-register with select third-party partner sites. In some instances where MangaHelpers provides co-registration, the co-registration partners allow you to opt-out of their membership. If you choose to co-register with our partners and accept their terms of service, then you are automatically registered as a member of their select web sites and your Personal Information is transferred to those organizations. As a result, you may receive information from one of these web sites as any of their members would. We advise you to review the privacy and data collection policies of the third-party partner sites for further information. In order to cancel your membership with any of these partners you will need to go directly to the partner's site.
    * Advertisers. MangaHelpers may send you emails on behalf of our advertisers. If you opt to receive information from our advertisers they may use your Personal Information to send you advertisements or other notices, via email or postal mail, and it is possible that your information may be shared with others.
    * Other Parties. We occasionally provide third parties with Personal Information limited only to your E-mail address in order to send you promotional mailings.
  * Email Updates to Members. If you so elect at registration, we may periodically send you promotional email about products or services offered by the MangaHelpers Sites, our partners and advertisers. If you want to update your email address or stop receiving these types of promotional emails, please follow the procedures to unsubscribe at the bottom of any email we send you.

We may contact you regarding account status, changes to this Policy, our User Agreement or other terms of use, to confirm your registration or for any other business reason related to your use of MangaHelpers Sites.

  * Promotions. We may ask you for Personal Information at other times, including, but not limited to, when you enter sweepstakes, contests or promotions sponsored by MangaHelpers or a third party. If you choose to enter sweepstakes, contests or promotions sponsored by a third party, the Personal Information you provide will be subject to the privacy policy of the third party sponsor. We encourage you to check the applicable third party policy before providing any Personal Information.
  * Surveys and User Research. MangaHelpers conducts email and web-delivered surveys from time to time, as well as instant polls, to gather information about our users. Taking these surveys and polls is entirely optional. You have no obligation to respond to them. We share only the aggregate results of these surveys, not Personal Information, with our advertisers and partners to help them better understand our services and monitor the reach of their advertising or other offerings on our service. We also use some of the Personal Information that you provide in these surveys to help us understand your interests and to make the MangaHelpers Sites more useful to you.
  * Use of Cookies. On the Internet, a "cookie" is a piece of information (a file) that a Web site transfers to a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is common on the Internet. The process we use to serve advertisements and to track use of the MangaHelpers Sites involves cookies. We use cookies to recognize users who have already registered for a MangaHelpers Site, allowing those users to speed up their future activities on the MangaHelpers Sites. Cookies help MangaHelpers and our advertising service (discussed below) track the frequency and placement of advertisements. Cookies also enable us to measure aggregate (total) usage and traffic to the MangaHelpers Sites and to specific offerings. This aids us in producing content that best meets our users' preferences. In order to implement new services, we may use other types of cookies as well. We also may use cookies to understand better what parts of the MangaHelpers Sites you like best. We may use that information to display advertisements that we think will be of particular interest to you. You may configure your browser to reject cookies, but this may interfere with some functionality of the MangaHelpers Sites. To find out more about changing your browser to reject cookies, we suggest the EPIC Cookies Page [www.epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies](http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies "Cookies Policy"). Certain pages of the MangaHelpers Sites may contain electronic images (called a "single-pixel GIF" or "web beacon") that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page. MangaHelpers occasionally uses web beacons on the MangaHelpers Sites in order to count users and to recognize registered users by accessing the MangaHelpers cookies.
  * Purchase of Products or Services. When you purchase products or services from or through the MangaHelpers Sites we may require Personal Information such as name, address, telephone number and billing information, including credit card, debit card or bank account data. MangaHelpers will not disclose your Personal Information, including billing information, except to the extent necessary to complete your transaction, for example during an online purchase or where needed to deliver a product or service you ordered.
  * Software Updates; Interactive Material. MangaHelpers automatically updates software used in conjunction with certain of the services available on the MangaHelpers Sites. In order to update this software, MangaHelpers collects a user's current version information from the user's computer. This information is not archived and is only used to determine which software requires updating. MangaHelpers may record audio conversations or copy text chat or video images from chat rooms on the MangaHelpers Sites and may disclose such material for use in connection with promoting the MangaHelpers Sites.
  * Sites You Visit. As you access our Partner Sites and browse around the MangaHelpers Sites, MangaHelpers may store information about which pages and which Partner Sites you visit and other information presented in your browser's URL address line. MangaHelpers will use this information to help determine what our users are most interested in.
  * Sharing Non-Personal Information. MangaHelpers may share information that is not Personal Information -- meaning non-personal, aggregate, or summary, information regarding our users -- with other third parties not mentioned in this Policy. This kind of information does not identify you individually.
  * Future Business Transactions. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain of our assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, Personal Information, generally is one of the transferred business assets. By submitting your personal information on one of the MangaHelpers Sites, you agree that in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or the sale of an individual website owned by MangaHelpers, MangaHelpers may transfer your Personal Information to a third party as a part of such merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale, or other future business transaction.
  * Legal Authorities. We may also disclose Personal Information in cases when we reasonably believe that it is necessary to identify someone who may be violating MangaHelpers policies or MangaHelpers Sites" User Agreements or other terms of use, or who may be a threat to MangaHelpers or third party rights, property, or personal safety. The MangaHelpers Sites may disclose Personal Information to comply with valid legal process such as a duly issued search warrant, subpoena or court order.



## Access to Other Sites through MangaHelpers

Our Partner Sites. You should be aware that when you are on a MangaHelpers Site, you will have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites associated with MangaHelpers. These sites are identified as our "Partner Sites". These sites are not owned or operated by MangaHelpers, but are part of a larger network of sites with which the MangaHelpers Sites share content and advertising opportunities. We do not share your Personal Information with these Partner Sites, however, we may share certain information which you post on our MangaHelpers Sites for public view with our Partner Sites.

Linking to Other Sites. You may also visit independent web sites, not owned or operated by MangaHelpers, through links on the MangaHelpers Sites. Such sites are operated by external, third-party service providers. Some of these sites will have their own separate membership processes and privacy policies. We do not control sites that are operated by others and are not responsible for the information practices of these sites. Other sites may set their own cookies, collect data or solicit personal information. It is always a good idea to check the privacy policy and terms of use of any site before offering any of your Personal Information. We do not share your Personal Information with these independent web sites.

## Information Storage and Security

Your Personal Information is stored on MangaHelpers computer servers (or those of its service providers) located in the United States. We protect your Personal Information with technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect against loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification and improper disclosure. No computer system or information can ever be fully protected against every possible hazard. But MangaHelpers is committed to providing reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect our MangaHelpers Sites and all Personal Information against foreseeable hazards.

Notwithstanding these security measures, please be aware that when you submit Personal Information to the MangaHelpers Sites over the Internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the MangaHelpers's control. We take the protection of user data very seriously and to that end take reasonable safeguards to prevent interception of any Personal Information. In the case of shopping pages, for example, the credit card information you submit is protected by secure servers.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

## Accessing, Correcting and Updating Your Information

You have the ability to review, change and correct the personally identifiable information you provide us. If you are a registered user, you can access, correct or update your account or other Personal Information such as your city or interests, by clicking the "Control panel" link on the MangaHelpers Site on which you are registered. If you are a registered user, you may also request that we remove from our databases the information you provided when you registered with a MangaHelpers Site by e-mailing us at [admin@MangaHelpers.com](mailto:admin@mangahelpers.com "Mail us") If you are not a registered user, but have provided personally identifiable information to us, you may make changes to your personally identifiable information by e-mailing us at [admin@MangaHelpers.com](mailto:admin@mangahelpers.com "Mail us").

If you have any other questions, comments or complaints about this Policy, write to us at: [admin@MangaHelpers.com](mailto:admin@mangahelpers.com "Mail us").

## Unsubscribe

When you register or enter one of the MangaHelpers Site, you may opt out of receiving future e-mail communications from us. You may change your e-mail preferences at any time by revising your profile (as explained above), clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us and following the instructions provided or, if you do not have a profile, by e-mailing us at [admin@MangaHelpers.com](mailto:admin@mangahelpers.com "Mail us"). Below are specific instructions to unsubscribe from newsletters, e-mail updates and special offers, and other services.

Email updates and special offers: You may unsubscribe to email announcements by following the instructions at the bottom of each email.

Services: You may unsubscribe to any service for which you have previously elected by following the instructions included in the MangaHelpers User Agreement.
