> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the manga.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090305142219id_/http%3A//www.manga.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Manga.com - Privacy Policy

## PRIVACY POLICY   
FOR STARZMEDIA.COM AND MANGA.COM WEB SITES 

**IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY. BY USING THE STARZMEDIA.COM AND MANGA.COM WEB SITES (TOGETHER, THE "SITE") YOU ARE UNCONDITIONALLY AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, TOGETHER WITH THE TERMS OF USE FOR THE SITE (WHICH, TOGETHER SHALL BE REFERRED TO AS THE “AGREEMENT”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.**

Managa.com, owned, operated and/or managed by Starz Media, LLC (“Manga”) is committed to helping users of its Site understand the information it collects, how it uses that information, the choices users have about the way their information is used, and the precautions Manga.com takes to protect information concerning its users. This Privacy Policy applies specifically to the Site only, and covers information collected on or through the Site. When using other Starz Media web sites, we encourage you to review the Privacy Policy controlling that particular site.

### A. Information We Collect.

Manga.com collects personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit in various contexts including, but not limited to: (1) the registration or account creation process for the Site; (2) the registration process for sweepstakes, contests, and other online promotions offered on the Site; (3) your participation in online research surveys offered on the Site; (4) the process to report a problem with our Site and resolving customer service activities (including via email and chat), and (5) in connection with content submissions, voting and polling activities. Such personally identifiable information may include, without limitation, name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number.

When you visit the Site, our servers automatically collect information that describes how you use the Site (which pages you visit and how long you stay, plus the anonymous information automatically sent to us by your web browser, such as browser type, data that identifies the page you visited prior to and after your visit to the Site, and your IP address). We also may determine what technology is available through your browser so we can serve you the most appropriate version of a page.

Cookies are small information files that our Site may place on your computer to provide extended functionality. We may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking how visitors use our Site, limiting multiple responses to polls or surveys, and recording your member registration information. Cookies (including beacons), by themselves, do not provide Manga.com with personally identifiable information unless you choose to voluntarily provide this information to us by, for example, registering on the Site. However, once you choose to furnish us with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. You can turn off cookies in your web browser (see your browser’s manual or help file for instructions), but if you do turn off cookies you may not be able to access parts of the Site where cookies are used.

You should be aware that advertisers or other third parties serving content on the Site may set and access their own cookies on your computer. We don’t have control over cookies placed by third parties. Such third parties’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, which may differ from this one. Such third parties do not have access to our cookies.

An IP address is a number assigned to your computer or network when you’re on the Internet. It’s usually associated with the place you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or your school. When you visit pages on our Site, our servers log your IP address. We collect IP addresses for a variety of internal purposes, such as system administration and to keep track of the number of visits to different pages on the Site.

While using the Site, you may encounter links to other web sites or online materials. Those other web sites and any online advertising servers delivering ads to our Site may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected by Manga.com, and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any personally identifiable information you may disclose publicly in user forums (such as chat rooms or discussion boards). When you voluntarily post information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by other people to send unsolicited messages (or “spam”) and marketing materials. Manga.com  assumes no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect information that users disclose on discussion boards or in other public areas of the Site.

### B. How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect.

We use the personal information you give us about yourself to deliver information or content you request, to contact you about our programs, products, features, or services, or for other purposes explained at the time we collect the information. Personally identifiable information is used by Manga.com to, among other things: (1) verify access rights to premium content or other access-restricted services, including for purpose of supporting digital rights management software; (2) improve our services by providing personalized content, language and location customization, and/or personalized help and instructions; (3) provide information concerning compatibility and interoperability to you; (4) ask you to participate in surveys about products, services, news and events; (5) provide you with news, newsletters, updates, targeted advertising, promotions, sweepstakes and special offers; (6) better understand how the Site is used, including web traffic patterns and what types of content are most popular with users; and (7) in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), and voting and polling activities. Manga.com does not sell, rent, lease or license your personally identifiable information to third parties for their commercial purposes.

Manga.com may disclose personally identifiable information to third party agents and affiliates we engage to provide services for Manga.com. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance and providing customer service. Such entities and individuals are required to protect your personally identifiable information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and to not use such personal information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Manga.com.

Manga.com may disclose your personally identifiable information to any successor or to any person or entity that acquires ownership or control of the Site, whether as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of a web site's assets and/or services or otherwise. You hereby consent to the disclosure to, and use by, any such successor or subsequent owner or operator, and your continued use of the Site signifies your agreement to be bound by such successor's or subsequent owner or operator's own terms of service and privacy policy. Manga.com is not responsible for any changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy by any successor or subsequent owner or operator.

We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that offer products and/or services under the Starz Media brand name. Manga.com may also share your information with companies that offer products and/or services that are co-branded using Manga.com brand names. These companies are called “co-branding participants.”

Manga.com may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties in the following instances: 1) we have been given your consent to disclose; 2) we have previously informed you of the disclosure, including by means of our Privacy Policy; 3) we are required by law or court order to disclose, or we believe in good faith that the law requires it; 4) disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against, someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, our rights or property, other Manga.com web site users, or anyone else; or 5) to respond to an inquiry, request or complaint that you have made. We may also use IP addresses in cooperation with Internet service providers to identify users if we deem it necessary to comply with laws, to enforce compliance with the Agreement, including the Privacy Policy, or to protect the Site, our sites, customers, or others.

### C. How We Use the Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect.

We currently contract with online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the Site. To do this, we use web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on the Site. For example, we use cookies to: (1) personalize your experience when visiting the Site and using the Site; (2) improve the design and content of the Site and/or the Content; (3) analyze Site usage; (4) understand traffic patterns on the Site and to authorize access to certain premium or trial content and product features and (5) track your usage of the Site and/or the Content and to track your interactions with the Site through the third-party services. The type of information we collect includes pages visited, content reviewed, usage levels for content, traffic patterns and other similar usage information. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our Site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. Manga.com reserves the right to disclose or otherwise utilize this non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form, for any purpose, in its sole judgment.

Finally, you may request that your information be changed, corrected or deleted from our databases by writing Manga.com at: Manga.com Customer Relations, Starz Media, LLC, 2950 Hollywood Way, 3rd Floor Burbank, California 91505. Please Note: even if you opt out of receiving commercial communications from Manga.com, we reserve the right to send transactional or relationship communications to you (e.g., if we need to contact you regarding your account status, technical support, product information, changes to the subscriber agreement, and any other matter that might affect our service to you and/or our records on you and/or any products you purchased from us). 

### E. Policies for Individuals Under the Age of 13.

Manga.com does not knowingly collect or use any personally identifiable information submitted to the Site from individuals under the age of 13, except in order to respond on a one-time basis to a specific request for information. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, upon notice from you, Manga.com will make reasonable efforts to remove the information. You may request that your child’s information be deleted from our databases by writing Manga.com at: Manga.com Customer Relations, Starz Media, LLC, 2950 Hollywood Way, 3rd Floor Burbank, California 91505, and be sure to include in your message the same User Name and/or e-mail address and password that your child submitted. 

### F. Links to Other Sites.

Manga.com may from time to time offer links to other sites from sites within the Manga.com domain. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to our sites. We do not endorse or sponsor other web sites, are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. Manga.com expressly disclaims any and all statements or assertions made on such web sites, and deny all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other sites. You may arrive at one of these sites through clicking on a banner advertisement, as part of a co-branding arrangement, or simply by selecting a link on a Manga.com web page. These sites might issue their own cookies or collect data or personally identifiable information.

Use caution when visiting an external site. You use of such sites may be subject to the terms of service and privacy policies posted on such sites. We recommend that you review such site’s terms of service and privacy policy prior to use.

### G. Manga.com Security Policy.

Manga.com is aware of your privacy concerns and strives to collect only as much data as is required to make your Internet and/or product use experience as efficient and satisfying as possible, in the most unobtrusive manner as possible. We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that whatever information you provide will be maintained in a secure environment. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or from our products or services, and you provide such information at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.

### H. Consent to Processing in the United States.

By providing any personally identifiable information to Manga.com, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection and processing of such information in the United States of America.

### I. Notification of Changes.

Manga.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, discontinue, enhance, add or remove any portion of the Site, or any provision of the Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time. Changes to the Agreement will be effective when posted. Without obligation to do so, Manga.com may also notify you of such changes through messaging on the Site. You nevertheless agree to periodically review the copies of the Agreement posted on the Site so that you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Site in any way after any changes to the Agreement or the Site are made or posted will be considered acceptance of those changes and will constitute your agreement to be bound thereby.

### J. Your California Privacy Rights.

California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2008 will receive information about 2007 sharing activities). To make such a disclosure request, please send an e-mail to privacy@manga.com, or write us at Manga.com Customer Relations, 2950 Hollywood Way, 3rd Floor, Burbank, California 91505. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per user each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through as set forth herein. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" disclosure requirements and only the required information will be included in our response.

## REVISED 1/8/2008
