> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the manhattangmat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060614132453id_/http%3A//manhattangmat.com/manhattan-gmat-company-info-privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Course GMAT, GMAT Prep - Manhattan GMAT

Welcome to the Manhattan GMAT web site. We at Manhattan GMAT are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of the personal information of all the visitors to this web site. As a part of that commitment, Manhattan GMAT is in the process of implementing our updated Privacy Policy and Information Privacy Statements to reflect the current needs of our visitors to know what information about them we collect, why we collect it, and where it goes. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement. At this web site, Manhattan GMAT collects information in three ways: 

First, we passively collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser. This information typically includes your domain name (the site after the @ in your e-mail address). It may also contain your user name (the name you are known as before the @ in your e-mail address). The amount of information sent depends on the settings you have on your web browser; please refer to your browser if you want to learn what information it sends.

We use the information we automatically receive from your web browser to see which pages you visit within our site and which site referred you to our site. We at Manhattan GMAT can then develop statistics that are very helpful to understanding how this site is used by our visitors. This statistical data is interpreted by Manhattan GMAT in its continuing effort to present the web site content that customers are seeking in a format they find most helpful.

Second, we may actively obtain information by installing our own marker on your computer. This marker is commonly called a "cookie," and it enables us to know you by a computer-generated, unique identifier. By providing you a unique identifier, we are able to create a database of your previous choices and preferences within our website, and in situations where these choices or preferences need to be collected again, they can be supplied by us automatically, saving you time and effort. For example, after you initially select a location (e.g., New York), when you return to our website at a later time, you will automatically be placed in the location that you had initially selected. Your computer may be specially configured to reject cookies; please refer to your browser for more information.

Third, we collect information pertaining to our weekly newsletter GMATTERS. Registration for this feature is on a voluntary, opt-in basis. Your email address is kept strictly confidential. Information on how to unsubscribe from GMATTERS is listed at the bottom of the newsletter.

Manhattan GMAT will not use or share, either within Manhattan GMAT or with a third party, any information collected at this page. We may remove all the personally identifiable information and use the rest for historical, statistical or scientific purposes. We may also use it to investigate security breaches or to cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter.

In addition, we may have collected similar information from you in the past. By agreeing to the terms of our privacy policy you are consenting to our continued use of any such information. 

In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or acquisition of Manhattan GMAT information Manhattan GMAT has collected about you may be sold or otherwise transferred. However, this will only happen if the party acquiring the information agrees to be bound by the terms of the Manhattan GMAT privacy policy and the notice provided to you when the information was collected.

For your convenience, this page may contain certain hyperlinks to other Manhattan GMAT pages as well as to sites outside Manhattan GMAT. While Manhattan GMAT has posted an appropriate Information Privacy Statement throughout our web site, we can make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection on the hyperlinked pages and sites that are not owned by Manhattan GMAT. We therefore recommend that you read the privacy policy/ statement for each site you visit.
