> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the manhattan.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130608182256id_/http%3A//manhattan.edu/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice | Manhattan College

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the webiste and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Manhattan College.

Manhattan College will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

###  Patriot Act Notice

To help the government fight against the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, the USA PATRIOT Act requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account.

When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your identifying documents.
