> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the manheim.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110619032851id_/http%3A//www.manheim.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Manheim - Privacy Policy

Manheim Auctions, Inc. ("Manheim," "we" or "us") respects the privacy of visitors to Manheim.com. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand what personal information Manheim collects online through the Manheim.com service (the "Service") and what it does with that information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information you may provide to Manheim offline or through other means, for example, via email, via telephone, or at a live auction or event. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information you may provide to Manheim about your business, but only applies to personally identifiable information. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@manheim.com](mailto:info@manheim.com).

**The Information We Collect**  
The information Manheim collects online through Manheim.com falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by users of Manheim.com, and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through the Manheim.com site. Third-party providers or websites featured on or linked to by Manheim.com may be gathering information, as well, through processes we don't control.

Examples of the types of information Manheim.com users may submit include, without limitation, registration information, purchase requests or feedback, and other inquiries or submissions. For example, to make use of certain features on Manheim.com, visitors need to register with Manheim and provide certain information as part of the registration process. Manheim also may ask for information from those who buy products or services or conduct other transactions through Manheim.com. The information you provide allows us to make the site more useful to you by providing information tailored to your individual needs or specific features that you may find useful and also allows us and our vendors to process transactions. Supplying this information is voluntary; however visitors to Manheim.com who don't wish to supply the information necessary to register or to use particular features will not be able to take advantage of the majority of features and content available on Manheim.com.

In addition, Manheim may use a variety of methods to track visitors as they navigate the Manheim.com site. Manheim may keep track of the pages visited by its users by placing a small entry in text file, called a cookie, on a user's hard drive. The cookie contains an ID number that allows Manheim to track the pages visited. This data is aggregated with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. Cookies don't reveal personal information; the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies can't read unrelated data off your hard drive.

The help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. If, however, you don't accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of various features on Manheim.com that are available to other visitors.

In addition, Manheim.com's web server may automatically collect limited information about your computer configuration when you request pages from the Manheim.com server, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you're running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, and your IP address. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you. This information does not identify you personally.

**Use and Disclosure of Information**  
Manheim reserves the right to use, and to disclose to third parties, information collected from you while you are using the Manheim.com for a variety of reasons and purposes, such as providing you with information about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. More specifically, we reserve the right to share the information that we collect from you with our parent company, Cox Enterprises, Inc. and with any wholly or majority-owned subsidiary of Manheim Auctions, Inc. or Cox Enterprises, Inc.

**Statistical Information**

Much of the information we collect is in the form of aggregated statistics, such as the traffic that visits various pages within our site, and the habits and preferences of our audience. Such aggregated information does not include any information that would identify you personally. We may use such aggregated information and disclose it to third parties as we see fit.

**Other Disclosures**

We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Visitor Agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our site, our customers, the public or Manheim. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that Manheim, Manheim.com, one of Manheim's business units, or substantially all or part of Manheim's assets are acquired by another company, information on our visitors may be among the transferred assets. We also may allow others to search some of our databases and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data, either for their business purposes, or ours.

**Links and Features Offered in Conjunction with Other Providers**  


To make our website more valuable to our visitors, we may feature some products and services that come from other providers through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services. We may share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services. Of course, our site includes links to other services, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. In addition, our site provides links to individual vehicle auctions, which have their own privacy policies and practices that we do not control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting or the provider of such products or services. When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through this website, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services. The provider's privacy policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information.

**Change to This Privacy Statement**  
The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes to this Privacy Policy before they take effect. By visiting our site, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/agreement).
