> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the maniatv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140210130118id_/http%3A//www.maniatv.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ManiaTV.com

**maniaTV takes your privacy seriously.**  
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

ManiaTV provides an online Internet TV service that offers a selection of TV-style shows, highlights, and other entertainment content (collectively, "Content") that is made available on the ManiaTV.com website (the "ManiaTV Site"), ManiaTV's affiliate and distributor websites ("Distribution Sites"), and other websites where users may embed the Content (these websites, together with the ManiaTV Site and Distribution Sites, are referred to collectively as the "Sites"). The Content is available also for viewing through ManiaTV authorized embeddable code, social applications, etc. The ManiaTV Internet TV service, including the Content and our video player, and any other features, tools, applications, materials, or other services offered from time to time by ManiaTV in connection with its business on any of the Sites are referred to collectively as the "ManiaTV Services." We are a website based in the United States.

By visiting the ManiaTV Site (whether or not you are a registered member) or using any of the ManiaTV Services on any of the Sites, you are accepting this Privacy Policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the ManiaTV Services.

**Children**  
The ManiaTV Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to ManiaTV!, he or she can contact us via e-mail listed below. ManiaTV! will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. ManiaTV! believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.

ManiaTV! is a general audience site and is not directed to children under the age of 13. ManiaTV! respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).

**Cookies and General Information**  
ManiaTV collects personally identifiable information — meaning information that can be used to identify and contact you — when you use the ManiaTV Services. ManiaTV may combine information about you that we collect with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.

When you register on our website, we may ask for personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, address, city and state of residence, and ZIP code. From time to time, we may also ask you optionally to provide other information. If you choose to provide such information, you are giving ManiaTV the permission to use and store it consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

In addition, ManiaTV collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners. For example, ManiaTV automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, software and hardware attributes, the page you request, and cookie information.

ManiaTV collects personally identifiable information in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you. Also, it helps us deliver a premium user experience. ManiaTV's use of this information includes the following general purposes: contacting you, customizing the content and advertising you view, fulfilling your requests for products or services, identifying the comments you post on the ManiaTV Site, improving our services, conducting research, and compiling aggregate data for internal and external business purposes.

Cookies, as used by every major website, are small bits of information placed on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on a website. For example, cookies can store your session for easy sign-in to a website you have previously visited. They enable us to make your visits to the ManiaTV Site more enjoyable. Information about your activities on the ManiaTV Site, which we obtain through cookies, and other non-personally identifiable information about you may also be used to serve you online ads that we believe are consistent with your interests.

ManiaTV may display targeted advertisements based on information about you, such as your interests. ManiaTV does not provide any personally identifiable information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad, although advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria.

Some advertisements displayed in connection with the ManiaTV Services also may contain cookies set by third party internet advertisers. We do not control these cookies and users of the ManiaTV Services should check the privacy policy of the entity who is delivering the ad and the entity whose ad is displayed to understand whether and how they use cookies..

We also may use services that collects data remotely by using so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar means (collectively, "Pixel Tags"), which can be embedded on the ManiaTV Site or on a third party's website. A Pixel Tag is an object that is embedded in a web page. It is usually invisible to users but allows website operators to check whether a user has viewed a particular web page. Pixel Tags collect only a limited set of information, including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Pixel Tag resides. You may not decline Pixel Tags, however, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, unless you accept cookies you will not have access to certain ManiaTV Services.

Aggregate data is information (originally personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable) that subsequently is used in aggregate form. We may use aggregate data for purposes of research or analysis. We may conduct research about customer demographics, internet use, and interests and behavior based on personally identifiable information we gather. Although aggregate data may be based in part on personally identifiable information about you (for example, we may want to know the general age range of visitors watching shows on our site), it does not identify you personally. ManiaTV may share this type of aggregate data with a variety of third parties, including its affiliates, advertisers and other current and prospective business partners. But because this form of data does not identify particular users, these third parties will not be able to contact you based solely on this data.

We may use aggregate data collected for website administration, advertising, and promotional purposes, and we may share this information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities. For example, IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide anonymous aggregated data to advertisers about the volume of use on the ManiaTV Services. We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows us to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive while using the ManiaTV Services. Your non-personally identifiable information and clickstream data about your activities may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. Our agreement with these companies restricts them from sharing your information with third parties or using it for any other purpose. Clickstream and demographic information may also be shared with our advertisers and business partners.

**Registered Information**  
You may, at your option, disclose your own personally identifiable information or other information by any means you choose, including, without limitation: (i) registering with ManiaTV; (ii) setting up a profile on the ManiaTV Site; (iii) participating in surveys or otherwise providing information directly to ManiaTV; (iv) sending emails or other written or electronic communications to ManiaTV; and (v) posting information on areas of the ManiaTV Site that may be viewed by other users or the public.  
We will obtain your consent to send you email messages from ManiaTV and our business partners about special promotions. Whether you opt in or later opt out of receiving these communications from ManiaTV, we reserve the right to send you administrative messages, service announcements, and other similar communications without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. This is important in case we need to communicate with you about items such as your account, website maintenance, and other non-promotional matters. From time to time, you may be given an opportunity to indicate your preferences regarding various account settings, communication preferences, or other information related to your account. For example, if you wish to receive additional communications relevant to you, such as alert messages about your favorite content, you will need to elect to receive them. Therefore, please take that opportunity to review and select your preferences carefully. 

If you register with ManiaTV and provide personally identifiable information such personally identifiable information may be viewed by other users or the public through use of the ManiaTV Services (ie., posting a review). Please note that you are not required to agree to have this information appear, but if you do not agree you will not be able to access some of the ManiaTV Services.

Only if you have given ManiaTV consent, we may (i) use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about ManiaTV's features, services, and other offerings that may be of interest to you; (ii) provide information or offers to you on behalf of ManiaTV's business partners (please note that if we were to do this, we would not give those partners personally identifiable information, such as your name or address); or (iii) share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with ManiaTV who would like to send you information about their products and services directly.

Under certain circumstances (for example, if you win a contest), we may post your personally identifiable information on the ManiaTV Site. However, we will notify you of this possibility when collecting personally identifiable information or we will obtain your consent.

We may also share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us, including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (for example, contest and sweepstakes administration), but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose. Similarly, we may share your personally identifiable information with other people or entities in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request.

There may be instances when we may disclose personally identifiable information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of ManiaTV or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers; to protect the safety and security of users of the ManiaTV Services or to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process, whether or not legally required. If you submit a Notice of Copyright Infringement pursuant to the Terms of Use, we will send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a third party as part of that transaction.

**Security**  
We use reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Despite these efforts, please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the ManiaTV Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.

**Other Parties**  
The ManiaTV Services may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. For example, users can use the ManiaTV Services on the Distribution Sites. ManiaTV is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Distribution Sites or other websites operated by third parties that are linked to any of the Sites. Once you have left the ManiaTV Site by clicking on a link, or if you are using the ManiaTV Services on another website, you should check the privacy policy of the other website to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information it collects from you.

ManiaTV carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites run by these other companies. ManiaTV is not responsible for the privacy practices of advertisers. Once you have left the ManiaTV Site by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information they collect from you. Please be aware that ManiaTV does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the ManiaTV Site.

Some of the advertisements that appear in connection with the ManiaTV Services may be delivered to you by third party internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"). These companies may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the ManiaTV Site in order to deliver advertisements to you, measure their effectiveness, and personalize advertising content. ManiaTV does not have access to or control over cookies, web beacons or other technologies that they may use. The information practices of these advertising companies are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. 

**Outside of United States**  
ManiaTV is headquartered in the U.S. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the ManiaTV Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website, participating in any of the ManiaTV Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.

**Change in Policy**  
From time to time, ManiaTV may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or to the scope of the ManiaTV Services or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check the Privacy Policy each time you visit the ManiaTV Site or use any of the ManiaTV Services to ensure you are familiar with the most updated policies and practices. 

If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you may email us at [privacy@maniaTV.com](mailto:privacy@maniaTV.com). Emails sent to [privacy@maniaTV.com](mailto:privacy@maniaTV.com) for purposes other than communication about our use of personally identifiable information or our Privacy Policy may not be answered.
