> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the manoramamax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191224194608id_/https%3A//www.manoramamax.com/details/5d1b301ca0e845001c5db52d) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ManoramaMax

**PRIVACY POLICY**

Manoramamax Platform (“Manoramamax”) is owned and operated by MM TV Limited, [CIN : U9213KL2004PLC017566] a Company incorporated under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 1956 and deemed to exist within the purview of the Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered office at Door No. XII/1359, K. V. M. M. Society Building, K. K. Road, Kottayam, Kerala – 686 001 and administrative office at Door No.2/275 A, National Highway Bypass Road, Aroor Post, Alappuzha, Kerala – 688 534. This Privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as Privacy Policy) shall be construed as provided in compliance with Information Technology Act, 2000 as amended from time to time and read with the information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011.

  1. MM TV Limited (“MMTV” or “we” or “our”) requires User (“User” or “You” or “Yourself”) to be familiar with how MMTV collects, uses and discloses information from and about you. MMTV is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of its website (Website) or its related mobile sites and software applications (“Applications”) offered by MMTV. The Content or Programmes or Applications offered from time to time by MMTV in connection with its business shall be collectively termed as “Services”. The term “Personal Information”, Sensitive Information” and “Information” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the applicable laws in India.

  2. Personal Information or Sensitive Information or Information of User(s) is collected if the User(s) registers with the Website, accesses the Website or takes any action on the Website or uses or accesses the Services as defined in the Terms of Use. The terms of this Privacy Policy provided herein govern your use of any and/or all of the MMTV Services and the information accessible on or from these Applications. Unless a different privacy policy is provided on particular Application, in which case such different policy shall control data collected through that particular Application. This Privacy Policy must be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use and other policies available on our Application. Your use of the services offered on the Application is construed to mean that you consent to our collection, storage, Processing and transfer of your Personal Information or Sensitive Information or Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and you consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy Policy.

  3. MMTV reserves the right, at its discretions, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Application. We recommend that you review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of the current privacy practices.

  4. Use of Manoramamax is available only to persons who can form a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872. As set forth in our Terms of Use, Services are for a general audience; are not targeted to persons under the age of 18 years. We don’t knowingly collect personal information from person less than 18 years of age. If we become aware that persons less than 18 years of age have provided us with information for creating customer id, we take steps to remove such information and terminate such accounts.

  5. The Privacy Policy applies for all users, including both those who use the Services without being registered with (or subscribing) to Services (“Guest” or “Visitors”) and those who have registered with or subscribed to Service (“Members”). You hereby consent to our collection, use, sharing and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy at any time, in part or as a whole, do not use Manoramamax or services provided on Manoramamax or provide us with any of your information.

  6. Collection and use of Personal Information We Collect the information directly provided by you, capture details based on your usage, also collect data through cookies (A “cookie” is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user) or similar technologies and log data. The information’s collected could be following : a) Upon downloading the app in your handheld device we capture your International Mobile Equipment Identity Number or IMEI Number. b) If you opt to be a registered User, you have to provide your email id or mobile number. Also you have to key in a unique password set by you. c) While creating a user id if you wish you can provide your first name and last name and upload your profile picture. d) To serve you better and provide excellent viewer experience we collect information regarding usage behavior, other traceable activities online, content or advertisement viewed, etc using the Application. e) We capture details of the Computer System or computer network which You use to visit the Website and undertake any activity on the Website, such as a unique device identifier including user behavior from web based cookies, session identifiers from device id, commercially available services, data aggregators platforms. f) We also capture details of IP address, operating system, network, location, Browser type, Browser version, Browser configuration, name of internet service provider and other types of computer and connection related information relevant to identifying your type of device, connecting to the Website, enabling data exchange with you and your device and ensuring a convenient use of the Website. The Uniform Resource Locator (URL) and IP address of the website from which you accessed or were directed to our Website including date and time. g) Sub pages visited while on our Website, links followed on the Website, including date and time. h) We also capture your interaction with our Application to the details that we can help you continue watching the same content across devices. Hence will capture the points in the video till when you watched, skipped, etc. i) Service request placed. j) Transaction history, including open and completed transactions k) Search terms entered. l) Content / Services / products viewed or searched for on the Website. m) Newsletter subscription, enrollment for promotions, use of Special offers, etc. n) Consents, authorizations, etc. granted. o) Survey answers, reviews, ratings and other types of feedback provided. p) Content of any communications sent through the Website, including any information posted in social communities on the Website or otherwise shared with platform and / or other users, as well as chat messages and chat transcripts.

  7. Advertisements displayed to you when you use our Services and elsewhere may be customized and targeted to your interests and preferences based on your personal data collected through our Services. For more information on advertising and your rights and choices, see "Third Party Websites, Social Media, and Advertisers" and "Your Opt-Out Choices" below.



  8. We collect personal data, which is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, when you:



 Subscribe to one of our Services;  Download and register to use one of our Apps or other Services;  Subscribe to one of our online newsletters, or register to participate in an online forum or community;  Submit content to us;  Enter into a contest or sweepstakes;  Apply for a job;  Respond to one of our polls or surveys; or  Contact our customer service department with an enquiry, comment or suggestion.

  9. Some of the personal data we request from you is required in order for you to use our Services. If you do not wish to provide such personal data to us, you are not obligated to, but as a result you may not be able to use the particular Service. However, some of the personal data we request from you is optional. This means that you can elect not to provide it to us and you will still be able to use the Service. If not all the personal information we request on a form is required, we may identify the required personal data to you such as by displaying an asterisk (*) next to the field where we request the required personal data.

  10. Below are more detailed examples of where and how we collect personal data from you. Unless specifically stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the data we collect may be used for any purpose set forth in "How we Use the Information We Collect" below.




a. Subscriptions: When you subscribe to one of our Services, we ask you to provide your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and credit card or other payment information for the purposes of fulfilling your subscription, sending you invoices, contacting you about the expiry of your subscription, and sending you service messages about your subscription. Once you are subscribed, we may store your subscription information, including its start date, renewal date, pricing, and any customer service contacts you may have with us.

b. Apps: When you download and register to use one of our Apps, we collect from you information such as your name, mailing address, account number, postal code, and e-mail address. We use this information for purposes such as to look up your account in our records in order to populate your App with the content that comes with your subscription. We also assign a unique user ID to your App on your device so that we can identify you when you use the App and so that we can collect user metrics such as how you use the App. Unless you opt out on your device, we will send messages to your device when a new content is available through our App.

c. Online Registration: You do not have to register to browse some areas of our Websites. However, registration may be required to receive online newsletters or to participate in certain Website features, such as a community forum. When you register, you will be asked for personal data such as your name, e-mail address, and a user name and password that you select. We collect this information to identify who you are, to provide you with the service or information you requested, and/or to facilitate your participation in an on-line forum or community. We may also use this information for other purposes, such as promotional and marketing purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and not in violation of applicable law.

d. Please remember that any information you disclose in these public forum or community areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible to other users, so it is important for you to carefully consider what, if any, personal data you reveal in these areas. We may use information disclosed by you in this way to promote our products and services in our advertising communications, among other things.

e. Information about Other People: At some of our Websites and through certain promotions, you can submit personal data about other people. For example, if you order a gift subscription and want it sent directly to the recipient, you would be required to submit the recipient's name and address. We do not use the recipient's personal data for any other purpose unless this is consistent with any further dealings which we may have with the recipient directly. We will also notify the recipient of this Privacy Policy.

f. Promotions or Surveys: When you enter a contest or sweepstakes ("promotion") or participate in a survey or poll ("survey") we may ask you to provide your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. We use the information we collect on promotion entry forms to administer your participation in the promotions and for other purposes stated on the entry form. Our surveys ask for opinions on various issues and may be sponsored by our advertisers and partners. Information obtained through surveys is aggregated and used internally. We also share survey information with advertisers and marketing partners in an aggregated form that does not personally identify you. In the event personal information is requested as part of a survey, such personal information will only be provided to unaffiliated third parties after ensuring that depending on the circumstances you have either consented or not objected.

g. Optional Information: Occasionally, we may request demographic information (like your age or gender) or information about your interests and purchasing preferences. In most instances, you do not have to provide us with this information to receive the service you have requested. We use this demographic and preference information to, among other things, tailor or improve our delivery, product and service offerings, including our offerings to you where this is in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as well as for internal marketing research purposes.

h. Customer Service: When you call one of our customer service representatives, or e-mail us with a comment or question, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, account number, postal code and telephone number, to help us promptly answer your question. We retain this information as necessary to assist you in the future, for instance with any further queries you may have. We also use your feedback, suggestions and comments to monitor and/or improve our delivery, product offerings, and Services, among other things.

i. Website Information: We collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Websites and clickstream and other related information, such as information about your computer or device, web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to our Website , the pages, content or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, the next website you visit when you leave our site, and any search terms you have entered on our site. We use this information to monitor and improve our Services, among other things.

j. App Usage: We collect information about your installation, use, and updating of our Apps, such as information about your device, your use of our App, the pages, videos, other content or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, and items you download. We use this information to enable the App to function correctly on your device and to provide you with the appropriate content through the App, among other things. We collect your device’s geographical location for the purpose of presenting you with relevant content, provided that you have given your prior affirmative express consent via your mobile device.

k. Cookies: To enhance your experience on our Services, we place "cookies" on your computer or device. Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences. Other information you provide to us may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you. To learn more about how we use cookies on Services, please visit the Cookie Policy linked to the Service you are using. We use cookies (and Local Shared Objects, HTML5, cache cookies, web beacons, or clear gifs, all described further below) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in. For example, we use cookies to personalise your experience on our Services (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content or product and service offerings).Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser. However, you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content. However, your viewing of editorial content may be hampered. If you wish to block cookies, go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how, or check your browser’s instructions.

l. Local Shared Objects: Local shared objects, such as Flash cookies, also may be stored on your computer or device. Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies, but cannot be managed in the same way. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings.

m. HTML 5: HTML5, the language some websites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.

n. Cache Cookies: Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past.

o. Web Beacons: Our websites may also use small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs" to collect advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognise certain types of information, such as a user's cookie number, time and date of a page view, and description of the page where the web beacon is placed. These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above.

p. Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information: Certain mobile devices, including smart phones and tablet devices, contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location. Some mobile device IDs are persistent, while others may be resettable by accessing the device’s privacy settings. Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data (which may include a phone number) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message. When you use mobile devices to access our Services, we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data, as well as other information about your device, including without limitation, your wireless carrier, the make, model, operating system, capacity and settings of your device, the names, package IDs and versions of other software you have downloaded to your device and information about how you interact with and navigate within our Service. With your consent, we or our authorized service providers and partners also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or Wi-Fi triangulation or mobile Bluetooth beacon technology to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device. Precise location information may be collected both while you are using one of our mobile applications and continuously over time while our apps are not in use but are running in the background of your device. You can withdraw your consent to the further collection and use of your precise device location data through any of our mobile apps by accessing your device’s privacy settings as further explained below in "Opt-out Choices: Precise Device Location Tracking." For information about how to reset your advertising identifier and your other opt-out choices relating to interest-based advertising in mobile applications, see "Opt-out Choices: Mobile App Advertising and Tracking."

q. These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf.

  11. Personal Data We Obtain From Other Sources: We combine personal data collected through the Services with other information that we obtain about you, your computer, and/or device from other companies and sources. To the extent we combine personal data collected through the Services with information we obtain from third party sources, we will treat the combined data in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third party sources vary over time, but have included:



a. Third party data suppliers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect; b. Social networks when you reference our Services or grant permission to MMTV Ltd. to access your data on one or more of these services; c. Partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities; and d. Publicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.

e. The following are examples of information we have collected from other sources:

i. Name, postal address, email address and telephone number;

ii. Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;

iii. Your interests and purchase behavior;

iv. Publicly-visible data, such as your posts and submissions to blogs, video-sharing services, and other

v. interactive forums; and

vi. Other navigation data, such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.

  12. How We Use The Personal Data We Collect:Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you. We and our authorized service providers use personal data that we or they collect about you for our legitimate interests, including to:



a. Analyze, operate and improve our Services, and fulfill your requests for products, services, and information, including to send you email and electronic newsletters;

b. Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages;

c. Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our terms; d. Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards; e. Save and remember any preferences that you set while visiting one of our Services; f. Customize the content you see when you use our Services and other services as you navigate online; g. Attribute content that you post to forums we operate on our Services; h. Conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting;Measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications; i. Analyze how subscribers interact with our email messages and click on links contained within those messages; j. Provide you with special offers, promotions and information from companies within our corporate family; and k. Display, develop, and deliver direct marketing.

  13. Because our Services are supported by advertising, we also use the information we collect to help us and advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in particular products and services. In addition, we use this information based on the consent you provide, such as if you visit our Websites and consent to us processing your personal data to serve you with personalized ads. Your personal data is used with your consent, including to:



a. Recognize the same users as they access online or mobile services using multiple browsers or devices and deliver to them appropriate interest-based content and advertising;

b. Provide you with special offers, promotions and information from select third parties in accordance with applicable law;

c. Tailor advertising to your interests, including advertising that you see on our Services, advertising you see on third-party websites, mobile applications and email programs, and offers and advertising you may receive offline or as push-notifications, from us or others; and

d. Fulfill any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information and pursuant to your consent.

e. You always have the choice (now and in the future) to avoid personalized advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the “Privacy Options Page”

  14. Disclosure of Personal Data



a. We will not disclose, rent, sell or otherwise transfer your personal data without your consent, except as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or in any specific disclosure given to you when obtaining personal data from you.

b. Third Party Processors and Agents: Your personal data will be transferred among our family of companies or other third parties solely for the purposes of processing your request, arranging delivery of your subscription, product, or Service, and providing customer service or other services to you. We also transfer (or otherwise make available) your personal data to third parties who administer our contests and prize redemptions, or who provide circulation audit and other services on our behalf. These entities may store and process personal data in Europe, the United States, Hong Kong, and South Africa, any other jurisdictions where they operate, where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. For more information on international transfers, see the section "International Transfer"below. All of our service providers are required to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal data and to use it only in compliance with applicable data privacy laws, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your personal data for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf or as otherwise not prohibited by applicable law; although we may permit them to use aggregate information which does not identify you or de-identified information for other purposes.

c. Third Party Products and Services: If you are a subscriber to our services or on-line newsletters, we share your contact information, with your affirmative consent, with carefully selected marketing partners who will contact you by mail or e-mail with offers about products and services that may be of interest to you. You can remove yourself from the future sharing of your contact information with third parties by contacting as set out in the "How to Contact Us" section below.

d. Auditing Organizations: We share your personal data with third-party auditing organizations, so they can verify aggregated statistics and circulation usage of our products or review our policies, processes, and procedures for compliance with relevant standards.

e. Sale or Merger of Business: It is possible that all or part of MMTV Ltd . or its subsidiaries could merge with or be acquired by another business or undergo a corporate change or dissolution such as a reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets, or wind down of business. If this happens, or in connection with discussions of such event, we may share the information that relates to you.

f. Legal: We may be required to provide your personal data in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose personal data to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you, where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or third parties, or to enforce our terms.

g. Third Party Websites, Social Media, and Advertisers i. Our Services provide links to third party websites or offerings where data privacy practices may be different to that of MMTV Ltd The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites or offerings have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites or offerings and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites or offerings may collect, use, disclose, or otherwise treat your personal data.

ii. You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties, including a "share" button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages. When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours.

iii. Our Services use third parties to present or serve the advertisements that you may see on our web pages or Apps, and to conduct research about the advertisements. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of personal data that such third parties may have collected from you or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons, and clear gifs). For more information on tracking technologies and your rights and choices, see "Cookies and Web Beacons" above and "Your Opt-Out Choices" below.

  15. Your Opt-Out Choices



a. Postal Mail and Email

i. You can remove yourself from receiving our promotional e-mails by emailing us at unsubscriber_manoramamax@mmtv.in or by clicking the "unsubscribe" button that appears on our promotional e-mails. If you wish to disable web beacons in our email messages, turn images "off" in your email client (e.g., Outlook or Outlook Express) as available. Please refer to the settings or options menu in your email client for more information. You can remove yourself from our postal mailings by emailing us at xxx@manoramamax.com. You can also remove yourself by contacting us as described in the "How to Contact Us" section below.

ii. We will try to comply with any opt-out requests as soon as reasonably practicable but please understand that it may take us a few days to process any opt out request and that even if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still send you non-promotional emails in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions, and communications with us. If you no longer want to receive third-party email offers, simply follow the advertiser's unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive from them.

iii. If you no longer want to receive third-party email offers, simply follow the advertiser's unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive from them.

  16. Analytics: Google, Adobe, Accedo, Brightcove, Cleeng and Razorpay are some of the third parties we engage to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users. For information about Google Analytics’ information practices and related opt-out choices, please check the website of the third parties. For information about Adobe's information collection practices and related opt-out choices, please visit the website of adobe corporation. For information about Google, Adobe, Accedo, Brightcove, Cleeng and Razorpay information collection practices and related opt-out choices, please visit their website.

  17. Interest-Based Advertising : MMTV Ltd uses Google DoubleClick and numerous other technology platforms to help deliver relevant advertising to you. Both MMTV Ltd and the technology service provider may collect, receive, or use your personal data in connection with MMTV Ltd’s use of the platform. For information about how Google uses data from DoubleClick, please check their privacy policy. For a list of parties that may collect, receive, or use your personal data in connection with MMTV Ltd’s use of DoubleClick for and other platforms, please check their privacy policy. You can also click on the Ad Choices icon located in the footer of our Websites and navigate to the consumer opt-out form. Use the same links to opt-out of the delivery of interest-based advertising on our Websites from the operators of the third-party ad networks we use. Note that you must opt-out separately from each computer or device and browser that you use to access our Services and if you clear your cookies, you will need to repeat the opt-out process. Also note that the preferences you select on the DAA’s Consumer Choice Page do not apply to the collection of cross-app data from your mobile device. The DAA offers a separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising and other applicable uses. Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with, including DoubleClick and Google also subscribe to the DAA Principles and/or are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI members and your related opt-out choices, please visit the NAI's website here. For more on EU online choices, please visit the EU online choices website here. You can opt out of interest-based advertising from Google by visiting the About Google Ads page or opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by installing the DoubleClick opt out extension.

  18. Mobile App Advertising and Tracking: We, our authorized service providers and/or other third-party partners involved in the delivery of advertising you receive through our mobile applications may collect information about your mobile device, including your mobile device’s advertising identifiers and the names and IDs of apps you have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile applications and other unaffiliated applications. We and our partners use this information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels. Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions. Visit the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information. To exercise choice over the companies participating in the DAA’s separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device, download the DAA’s AppChoices app available here.

  19. Precise Device Location Tracking: If you authorized us and/or our service providers to collect and/or share information about the precise location of your device through a mobile application, you can always withdraw your consent and prevent the further collection and sharing of your precise device location information by accessing your device’s location privacy settings. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions on how to turn off precise location sharing. Access the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.

  20. Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Data: MMTV Ltd provides you with the ability to access and edit certain information that you have provided to us through our Services. To update this information, please visit the "My Account" area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information. If you cannot locate such a feature, send us an email at feedback_manoramamax@mmtv.in . Data subjects located in Europe have additional rights as set forth in the "Data Subject Requests" section below.

  21. Data Subject Requests




a. You have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you through the Services. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Services. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.

b. We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal data that we maintain about you, and you may exercise any of your rights by completing the appropriate form. Please specify in your message to us which right you intend to exercise. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, delete any information, or exercise your rights. Your rights may be limited, subject to the law of your jurisdiction or our legitimate interests to process the personal data. Your rights are subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.

c. If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European supervisory authority.

  22. Data Controller: EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as "controllers") and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as "processors"). MMTV Ltd, located at Aroor, Alappuzha, Kerala, India, is the controller with respect to information you provide through the Service.

  23. International Transfer: The personal data you provide to us is being transmitted to us and processed in the Singapore and by our affiliates and their service providers in Singapore, and any other jurisdictions where we or they operate. Your personal data will be protected subject to this privacy policy and contracts that impose data protections as required by the country where your data was collected. By using our Services you consent to the transfer, processing, storage and access of your personal data of your personal data in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside. Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personal data. If your personal data is collected in Europe, we will transfer your personal data subject to suitable safeguards, including standard contractual clauses where appropriate.

  24. Security of Personal Data




a. MMTV uses reasonable security measures, at the minimum those mandated under the Information Technology Act, 2000 as amended and read with information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011. We aim to protect your personal information or information employing commercially reasonable or practicable security practices and procedures and security methods and technologies. We have implemented appropriate internal control measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. We will also ensure on reasonable commercial efforts basis that any agent or third party that we employ complies with the same security standards as we do for the protection of your Personal Information or Information. b. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Once your information is in our possession, we have commercially reasonable procedure and security practices in places to reasonably endeavor to prevent unauthorized access. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information over internet and will not hold MMTV responsible for any breach of security or the disclosure of Personal Information unless MMTV has been grossly and willfully negligent. c. We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, loss, modification, disclosure, and any form of unlawful processing of personal data in our custody and control, and our service providers are bound to maintain similar safeguards. These measures also aim at preventing unnecessary collection and further processing of personal data. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard the personal data in our custody and control, and we require similar safeguarding measures from our service providers, we need you to understand that we are unable to guarantee the security of your personal data. d. To provide you with an increased level of security online, access to your personal data on certain of our websites may be protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication.

  25. Retention of Personal Data: We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal data that you provide to us and any subsequent updates. We will retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal data or de-identify it so that it cannot be attributed to your identity. Please note that we may continue to retain personal data for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements. Data subjects located in Europe have the right to request that we delete their personal data as set forth in the "Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting your Personal Data" section above.

  26. Special Note for Parents: In general, our Services are not intended for children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected information from your child, please email us at feedback_manoramamax@mmtv.in.

  27. Changes to this Privacy Policy: This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes to our personal data practices. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this website with the date of the last modification. We will treat your personal data in accordance with the privacy policy in place at the time of collection of such information, or as you otherwise indicate your preferences. We encourage you to check whenever you use our Services to see if the policy has been updated.

  28. Severability i. Each clause of this Privacy Policy shall be and remain separate from and independent of and severable from all and any other clauses herein except where otherwise expressly indicated or indicated by the context of the Privacy Policy. ii. The decision or declaration that one or more of the Clauses are null and void shall have no effect on the remaining clauses of this Privacy Policy.

  29. Force Majeure Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, MMTV shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A “Force Majeure Event” shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of MMTV and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, act of God, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrections, war, acts of government, etc.

  30. ARBITRATION




In the event of any dispute, difference or question arising between the parties to the Privacy Policy in connection with this Privacy Policy or concerning anything herein contained or in connection with or arising out of use of the Manoramamax Platform / Services or as to the rights, liabilities or duties of the said parties, hereunder, which cannot be mutually resolved by the parties within 30 days of arise of such dispute, the same shall be resolved by the arbitration proceedings by the Sole Arbitrator to be appointed mutually by the parties.

The arbitration proceedings shall be held in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and the rules made there under, as amended from time to time. The Venue of the arbitration shall be Kochi, Kerala. The Language shall be English.

The Courts in the city of Kochi, Kerala alone shall have exclusive jurisdiction in connection to any such dispute mentioned above the exclusion of any other courts that may otherwise have had such jurisdiction.

  31. How to Contact Us



a. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law please contact us via email at manoramamax@mmtv.in or by writing to us at: MM TV Ltd., NH Bypass Road, Aroor, Alappuzha, Kerala – 688534, India.

b. You may contact our Data Protection Officer at: dataprivacy_manoramamax@mmtv.in
