> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mlgpro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080618023317id_/http%3A//www.mlgpro.com/%3Fq%3DPrivacyPolicy/index) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Major League Gaming Privacy Policy | Major League Gaming

**Disclosure Regarding Collection and Use of Personal Information.**  
Thank you for visiting MLGPRO.COM, the official website of Major League Gaming, Inc. (“Major League Gaming” or “MLG”). Major League Gaming has posted this privacy policy in order to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy. The following discloses Major League Gaming’s online information collection and use practices solely with respect to MLGPRO.COM (the “Site”) and the choices you can make about the way we use and share such information. Please take the time to read and understand this policy so that you can understand how we use your personal information. OUR ONLINE INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES MAY DIFFER FROM OUR PRACTICES REGARDING INFORMATION OBTAINED OFFLINE. REMEMBER IF YOU REGISTER WITH MLGPRO.COM, PARTICIPATE IN A SURVEY, PURCHASE SOMETHING FROM US, REQUEST INFORMATION OR ENTER ANY OF OUR COMPETITIONS OR PROMOTIONS, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. AS WE UPDATE AND EXPAND OUR SERVICES, THIS POLICY MIGHT CHANGE, SO CHECK IT OUT FROM TIME TO TIME. 

**The Personal Information We Collect.**  
At MLGPRO.COM you can do several things. You can order products, enter competitions, participate in surveys, vote in polls, subscribe to a service (like our newsletter) or participate in a chat room or forum. The types of personally identifiable information (i.e. information that can directly identify you or indicate where you might be contacted) that may be collected at these pages could include: name, address, age, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. Sometimes you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to a friend, you might submit the friend's name and address. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages may include: recipient's name, address, age, date of birth, e-mail address, gender and telephone number. 

**How We Use Your Personal Information.**  
We will use the personal information you provide online for the purpose(s) you have submitted. Examples of us using your personal information for the purpose(s) submitted include if you buy a game, sending to you the game in the mail or, if you have won a contest, sending to you an email notification that you have won. In addition, we may send to you an e-mail offering products or services which we think may interest you, or asking you to participate in a survey. For example, we may send to you an e-mail regarding special merchandise offers and announcements about products or services offered by Major League Gaming. We may also contact you offline. For example, when you provide your mailing address, Major League Gaming may send to you in the mail special offers, promotions and catalogs, which we think may be of interest to you. If you want us to stop using the personal information you provided in these ways, please send an email to [remove@mlgpro.com](mailto:remove@mlgpro.com "remove@mlgpro.com"). 

**How We Share Your Personal Information.**  
We will not share the personal information you provide with anyone not affiliated with Major League Gaming except (a) if it is for the purpose(s) you provided it; (b) with your consent; and/or (c) with other persons or companies with whom we contract to carry out or fulfill internal Site operations (for example, hosting part of the Site) or our business activities (for example, sending out a product or a promotional item that you have requested on the Site). One example of us sharing your personal information for the purpose submitted is if you enter a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, we may forward your information to such third party. When your consent is required for use of personal information that is not otherwise authorized by this privacy policy, we will seek to obtain your consent at the place where the information is collected either by an "opt-in" or "opt-out" method, or by other means (such as sending to you an e-mail). Please be advised that in certain instances, your consent may be obtained through Major League Gaming’s Terms of Use, [http://www.mlgpro.com/?q=termsAndConditions/index](https://web.archive.org/?q=termsAndConditions/index "Terms and Conditions"). We do not consider any companies that are affiliated companies to be "third parties" for purposes of this policy. Thus, we may also share personal information provided online with companies owned directly or indirectly by Major League Gaming, or under common ownership. Any of these companies may use and further share this information in the same ways we do. However, if we pass on personal information to an affiliated company, we require that it protect such information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. Please note that we reserve the right to access or disclose your personal information and other information we gather as required by courts or administrative agencies and to the extent required to permit us to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site rules or policies, or rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper. 

Additionally, with your consent, we may share the personal information you provide online with companies not affiliated with us (i.e. third party companies) who want to market products or services to you or to ask you questions, both online and offline. If you want us to stop sharing your personal information with these companies, contact us at [remove@mlgpro.com](mailto:remove@mlgpro.com "remove@mlgpro.com"). If you consent to receiving communications from non-affiliated companies, you may need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications or if you wish to change any data you provided online. In this instance, any changes or amendments to your personal information must be given directly to each company who communicates with you as these changes, amendments and/or deletions will not be exchanged between us and non-affiliated companies. If we do share personal information with a non-affiliated company, to the extent practical, we require that they protect such information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. We cannot, however, guarantee how these non-affiliated companies will use your personal information. 

**Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information.**  
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information (i.e. generic information that does not identify you personally) when you visit any of our web pages such as your IP address, pages viewed, type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), and the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS). 

We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience and we may aggregate such information collected in a manner which does not identify any individual (“Aggregate Information”) to analyze how our Site is used, as well as to offer you products, programs or services. Sometimes we share Aggregate Information with others, including affiliated companies and non-affiliated companies. 

**Collection of Information by Others.**  
Our Site may contain links to other web sites whose information practices may be different than ours. We encourage you to be aware that when you leave our Site, or surf the Internet, that you read the privacy statement of each and every web site you visit because we have no control over information that is submitted or collected by other sites. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. We may offer e-mail services, contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with non-affiliated companies. Based on our agreement with them, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that site visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. We have no control over the use of this information by these companies. 

**Cookies.**   
To enhance your online experience with us, many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files placed on your hard disk by our web server to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to provide the personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. 

We use cookies as a convenience feature to save you time, to understand how our Site is used, and to improve the content and offerings on our Site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages or recall your specific information on subsequent visits (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our Site). We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs or services. You can opt to have your browser reject cookies. If you do that, you may need to re-register with us every time you visit our Site in order to participate in certain promotions and other offers. You should also know that companies that advertise on our Site (and their agents) might use their own cookies. This policy does not cover how these companies use their cookies. In addition, portions of our Site use Google Analytics, a web metrics service of Google, Inc. ("Google") that uses cookies. This cookie information (including your IP address and MLGPRO.com web pages you visit) will be collected by Google and stored on Google servers. Google will use this information to help MLG understand and evaluate your use of the Site. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

**Clickstream Data.**  
As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a web site's server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to MLGPRO.COM. We may use clickstream data as a form of non-personally identifiable information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Site, how visitors navigate throughout the Site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. 

**Web Beacons**  
Our Site may also use web beacon technology to help track usage. Web beacons (also called single pixel gifs or action tags) allow MLGPRO.COM to track page viewing counts and patterns, which are used to focus and tailor future content development and otherwise measure and improve the performance of the Site. 

At times, some of the advertisers on our Site and their ad service providers set cookies and web beacons when you click their advertising banners. While we use cookies and web beacons in other parts of the Site (as discussed above), cookies and web beacons received with banner ads are collected by those advertisers and their ad service providers. The advertiser’s privacy policy and/or that of its service provider will govern the use of this information and Major League Gaming is not responsible for the privacy practices of such companies. 

**Supplementing Information.**  
From time to time we may supplement information you give us with information from other sources, such as information validating your address. Thus, information we obtain through MLGPRO.COM may be intermingled with and used in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than MLGPRO.COM, including both offline and online sources. 

**Discussions and Community Tools.**  
We may, from time to time, make chat rooms, forums, message boards, news groups and other community tools available to you. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information for other users to view and for us to use. For example, from time to time, we may use the content you write (including your name or screen name if you post it) for promotional purposes, in e-mail newsletters or elsewhere, and by using MLGPRO.COM and/or these chat rooms, forums, message boards, news groups, and other community tools, and you agree that we may do so. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas, since anyone - not just us - may use publicly posted information. 

**Our Commitment to Security.**  
The security of your personal information is very important to us and we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help protect your personal information. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or information stored on the Site or our servers will be completely free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Site demonstrates your assumption of this risk. Further, when your personal information is passed onto non-affiliated companies, to the extent practical, we ask that they also have in place the appropriate safeguards. We cannot, however, guarantee that they do so. 

**International Users.**  
If you are visiting MLGPRO.COM from a location outside of the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States, your orders placed through MLGPRO.COM will be fully processed in and shipped from the United States and all information you provide will be processed and maintained in our web servers and internal systems located within the United States. By using MLGPRO.COM, you authorize the export of personal information to the USA and its storage and use as specified above when you provide such information to us. This policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of the State of New York and the USA, regardless of the location of any user. Any claims or complaints must be filed in the USA in the State of New York. 

**Policies for Individuals Under 13**  
MLGPRO.COM adheres to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). Please instruct children under the age of 13 to never provide personal information on this Site or any other site without your permission. 

No information should be submitted to MLGPRO.COM by children under 13 years of age without the consent of a parent or guardian and MLGPRO.COM will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian. When a child under 13 attempts to register, answer a survey, or participate in a an activity, we ask the child to provide his/her parent or legal guardian’s contact information so that we can send his/her parent or guardian an e-mail and/or postcard or otherwise contact them to obtain their consent to the collection and use of the child’s personal information. We will not use the child’s personal information until we receive a parent or guardian’s affirmative consent. When MLGPRO.COM becomes aware that personal information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. 

If you have concerns about this Site or its services, wish to find out if your child is a member or has registered for one our services, or wish to cancel your child's membership, please contact us at [remove@mlgpro.com](mailto:remove@mlgpro.com "remove@mlgpro.com"). If you believe that your child under 13 has gained access to our Site without your permission, you may contact us at [info@mlgpro.com](mailto:info@mlgpro.com "info@mlgpro.com"). 

**Transfer of Business Assets.**  
The personal information you provide is considered a company asset and may be included among transferred assets if Major League Gaming, any or all of its subsidiaries or affiliates or any of their assets is ever acquired by or merged with those of a third party. 

**Changes to this Policy.**  
Because our business needs may change over time, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. If at any time in the future we plan to use your personally identifiable information in a way that differs from this policy, we will post such changes here. Your continued use of our MLGPRO.COM following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes. 

**How To Unsubscribe.**   
All unsubscribe requests should be sent to us at [remove@mlgpro.com](mailto:remove@mlgpro.com "remove@mlgpro.com") and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. However, we are not responsible for removing your personal information from lists of any third parties that have previously been provided your information in accordance with this policy. 

**Web Site Terms of Use**  
Use of this Site is governed by and subject to the Terms of Use contained in [http://www.mlgpro.com/?q=termsAndConditions/index](https://web.archive.org/?q=termsAndConditions/index "Terms and Conditions"). Your use, or access of the Site, constitutes your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. 

**How to Contact Us.**  
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy you may write to the following address:  
Major League Gaming   
420 Lexington Ave, Suite 2820   
New York, NY 10170   
Attn: Privacy 

**UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:** Our Site is maintained in the United States of America. By using this Site, you authorize the export of personal information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this policy. 

Effective Date: This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on September 11, 2006. 

© 2006 Major League Gaming Inc. Major League Gaming, MLG and the MLG logo are the exclusive property of Major League Gaming Inc. 
