> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vibe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626000624id_/http%3A//www.vibe.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Vibe

## Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is applicable to the users of this site and other sites owned or controlled by Vibe Media Group ("Vibe").

We respect your privacy. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security and is only used in the ways that are described in this Policy. We collect personally identifying information such as your name, age and e-mail address during registration for certain portions of our sites located at [www.vibe.com](http://www.vibe.com/ "VIBE.com") or otherwise owned or controlled by Vibe ("Site(s)"), including but not limited to participation in chat rooms, bulletin board postings, purchases from our online store, or in connection with sweepstakes, auctions and to fulfill prizes, auction items, and track customer usage of the Site or for promotional and marketing purposes (individually and collectively "Uses").

**Policies for Children Under the Age of 13:** No information should be submitted to or posted to our Site by any child under the age of 13 years of age and Vibe does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not attempt to register with our Site. If we discover that you are under the age of 13, we will automatically disable your account and delete that information. If you suspect that we have collected information from a user under the age of 13, please contact us at [info@vibe.com](mailto:info@vibe.com). The safety of children online is very important to us. We encourage parents to spend time online with their children and to review the sites accessed by their children. 

**Policies for Guests:** For guests over 13 years of age, Vibe collects certain personal information for the Uses described herein, in order to provide you with a personalized online experience and to provide our advertisers a way to reach the right audience. We will not use your personal information except as described in this Policy or as disclosed at the time of collection of the information. With the permission of a guest who is 13 years of age or over, information submitted at the time of registration or any other submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by us and may be shared with companies that have been prescreened by Vibe for these purposes. The information is also used to better serve our advertisers. Generally, advertisers tell us the particular audience they want to reach (e.g., women under 30 years old) and we display the ad to guests meeting that criterion. Finally, we may release specific information if necessary to comply with a legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order or to enforce the Terms of Use, prevent fraud and to keep the Site safe. You may opt out of the use of your personal information for direct e-mail promotions or from its inclusion in any e-mail lists provided to other companies. If you wish to stop receiving e-mail updates from us or to limit the use of your personal information, you can always unsubscribe from e-mail by updating your registration information or by notifying us in writing by going to [unsubscribe@vibe.com](mailto:unsubscribe@vibe.com) and by typing the word "Remove" in the subject line. You may also utilize the registration feature to make the changes to the e-mail address provided in any such e-mail messages. 

**Chat Rooms & Postings:** Remember whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online in chat rooms, message boards or similar posting areas, the information can be reviewed and collected by anyone. Therefore, do not post any information that you do not want available to the general public. We cannot be responsible for your postings and unsolicited communications that arise from your postings.

**Purchases Through A Store Hosted By Vibe:** If you place an order with a store or service hosted by Vibe, we will collect information from you, including your credit card and contact information, for use by the merchant. Unless otherwise stated, we do not own the store and all transactions and use of any customer information are the sole responsibility of the merchant. Be sure to review the merchant's privacy policy and contact them directly if you have any questions. They may have privacy terms that differ from our Privacy Policy.

**Use of IP Addresses:** An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When a guest request pages from our Site, our servers log the guest's IP address. The IP addresses are collected for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a guest's session will be logged, but the identity of the guest remains anonymous.

**Use of Cookies:** In cyberspace, cookies are pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're at a Site. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most major Web Sites. By showing how and when guests use the Site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not and help in targeting ads based guest interests. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. A cookie lets the computer remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our Sites. Similarly, the stores hosted by us usually use a cookie to track which products you've chosen to purchase while shopping. Letting cookies do the record-keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again. We never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Advertising networks that serve ads onto our Sites may also use cookies. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our policies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the Site, such as shopping, contest, auctions and game areas of our Site will not function properly if you do so.

**Your Acceptance of These Terms:** By using this Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Sites. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms mean you accept those changes, whether or not you have actually read this Policy. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions at [info@vibe.com](mailto:info@vibe.com).

**Mobile Vibe & Text Message Alerts**: A cell phone number is only required if you want Mobile Vibe messages such as news alerts sent to your mobile phone. You may register for these alerts on the Site. As with your other Personal Information, we use your cell phone number only for the purposes of delivering those Mobile Vibe services to which you have opted-in. At opt-in, we also may ask for optional general information, including your age and gender. You are not required to give us this information to receive text message alerts but remember if you are under the age of 13, please do not use our Site or the mobile or text alerts. If you would like to stop receiving text message alerts, simply reply to any alert with the word QUIT, or send an email with your mobile number and a request to be unsubscribed from the service to [mobile@vibe.com](mailto:mobile@vibe.com).
