> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tedjob.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120930014018id_/http%3A//www.tedjob.com/common/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : TedJob.com

[TedJob Home](https://web.archive.org/index.php) / [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/common/privacy.php)

We at tedjob.com and our affiliated companies worldwide ("tedjob.com") are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any information you share with us by using our web sites. This policy describes the overall privacy practices of tedjob.com and our affiliated companies regarding information we collect on www.tedjob.com and through our other Internet advertising mediums, including but not limited to email, newsletters, and leave-behinds. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that tedjob.com or its affiliated companies does not own or control, or to people that tedjob.com does not employ. tedjob.com collects various types of information from you to better meet your needs and to provide you with a more relevant user experience. Some of this information is collected automatically through cookies (a small text file placed on your computer) or other Internet tracking technologies. The type of information your browser or Internet session may automatically provide us with can include the browser you are using, your Internet domain, the operating system on your computer, your IP address and the URL you saw just before coming to the tedjob.com site, the pages of the site you visited and the URL of the page you visited upon leaving the site. tedjob.com may serve ads and or contract with reputable third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. Either tedjob.com or these companies may use cookies or other measures to track user trends and user interaction with advertising on the site. You may post your resume on our Site. If you choose to do this, you are providing personally identifiable information to us. You may choose to allow your resume to be searchable by employers and staffing companies. While we intend that only employers or staffing companies will gain access to our database of resumes, we cannot guarantee that others will not gain access. In addition, we are not responsible for the privacy and data use policies of third parties who access your resume.

In addition, at tedjob.com, we collect information that you may choose to provide to us when requesting additional information from us or from one or more of our clients. Examples of personally identifiable data that you may provide to us include name, address, and email address If you provide personally identifiable data to us, you may later elect to have your information deleted from our files, or kept from being used for purposes other than for the service requested, by following the opt-out procedures set forth below. 

The resume information you may elect to provide is used as part of our job board services and will be made available third parties if you so elect as described elsewhere in this policy. The browser data and cookie data that tedjob.com collects is also used for marketing and sales efforts to better target advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more personally relevant experience. The information is also used to predict responses to advertisements, and to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals. In addition, personally identifiable information you provide may be combined with information collected from other sources to assist with targeting ads to your preferences and behaviors, and for other tedjob.com sales and marketing efforts. 

If you elect to provide tedjob.com with personally identifiable information when requesting additional information from us or one or more of our clients, we may utilize such information for marketing purposes, and this use may result in follow-up communications from tedjob.com and from our clients. 

All personally identifiable information you provide is maintained in confidence by tedjob.com. There are instances, however, in which your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information is shared with third parties, as described below. 

If you post your resume on the Site and elect to permit it to be searched by employers and staffing agencies, your resume and the personally identifiable information it contains will be accessible to them. While it is our goal that only employers or staffing agencies will gain access to resume data, we cannot guarantee that no other persons or entities will gain such access. 

When you request information from tedjob.com or one or more of our clients, we may transfer that information within tedjob.com or route your information to our client(s), across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world, so that they may provide the information on their product or service that you requested. We may also disclose information to an affiliate or third party who provides substantially similar services as the original service about which you requested more information. In such situations, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such sharing. In addition to the above situations where your information may be shared with others, there is also the possibility that tedjob.com, or part(s) of the company, may one day be purchased by, or merged with, another company. In the event of such transaction, the acquiring (or merging) company will have access to all collected personally identifiable information. Finally, tedjob.com may share your information as necessary to comply with a court order or to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials. 

Wherever your personally identifiable information may be held within tedjob.com or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the information you shared with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Please note that while tedjob.com will make every reasonable effort to protect your information, no transmission of data over the Internet is 100% secure. tedjob.com uses cookies to collect information about your website activities and to recall the personal information you previously shared with us. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. Blocking cookies may result in a lower quality experience for you while you are visiting tedjob.com. 

Personally Identifiable Consumer Information - Opting-Out You may choose whether or not to provide personally identifiable information to tedjob.com. If you choose to provide such information to tedjob.com, you have the right to tell us not to make some of the uses of such information described herein or may have such information deleted in its entirety. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, surveys or promotional communications via email, you may opt-out without charge by writing to [info@tedjob.com](mailto:info@tedjob.com). To have your personal information completely removed from our databases without charge, simply contact us at [info@tedjob.com](mailto:info@tedjob.com) and provide the name of the service for which information was provided, your full name, mailing address, phone number and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. Once we receive your instruction, we will promptly take corrective action. 

To the extent that you do provide us with personally identifiable information, tedjob.com wishes to maintain the accuracy of this information. Where we collect personally identifiable information from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means of contacting tedjob.com should you need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personally identifiable information to [info@tedjob.com](mailto:info@tedjob.com) and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in the information that we hold as soon as practicable. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), tedjob.com.com is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age. Users under the applicable legal minimum age to work may not submit their resumes to the site. Some of tedjob.com's web sites offer you the opportunity to easily notify a friend of the offer or information promoted on the site. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about a tedjob.com site, we will ask you for your friend's personally identifiable information, including name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. tedjob.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. 

Your friend may contact us at [info@tedjob.com](mailto:info@tedjob.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. Our one-time email to your friend will inform him or her of this fact. 

California has passed legislation requiring certain specific disclosures be made available to California residents who use the Internet and provide information that may be used for marketing purposes. That legislation requires any business that discloses a customer's personal information (as defined by the act) to any third party for direct marketing purposes to provide the customer a method for obtaining the names, addresses and certain other specified details of anyone who might have received that personal information. If you are a California resident you may request this information from tedjob.com or any of its affiliates by writing to tedjob.com, 950 Tower Lane, 6th Floor, Foster City, CA 94404 Attn: California Privacy Rights or by sending an e-mail to [info@tedjob.com](mailto:info@tedjob.com). tedjob.com is not obligated to respond to more than one such request from you per calendar year. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and tedjob.com is constantly changing to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@tedjob.com](mailto:info@tedjob.com). While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as practicable after you bring it to our attention. By using this web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to tedjob.com's processing of personally identifiable information for the purposes given above. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time and by amending this privacy policy. 
