> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nastygal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171231083501id_/http%3A//www.nastygal.com/page/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Nasty Gal

### Privacy & Security

### Privacy Policy Effective Date: Feb. 28, 2017

**INTRODUCTION**

NASTY GAL TAKES PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Services (as defined below), including by customers and other persons. Except as otherwise indicated, customers and other persons using the Services are individually and collectively referred to as “you”, “your” or “Customer”, and Nasty Gal Limited and the companies within its group are referred to as, "Nasty Gal", "we", "us" and "our." The family of Web sites operated by or on behalf of Nasty Gal (the "Services"), including, but not limited to, Web sites located at www.nastygal.com, our mobile application(s), our blog(s), and any other Web site(s) owned and/or operated by Nasty Gal and any of their associated Web pages, are committed to implementing policies and procedures designed to protect your privacy and security, in addition to providing you with the best possible online experience. To achieve that goal, we want you to understand what kinds of information we gather from and about you, how this information is used, shared and safeguarded, and how you can control its use. In order to offer various products and services to our Customers, Nasty Gal collects certain information as described in this Privacy Policy. Nasty Gal Limited is subject to the UK Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”) and is a data controller for the purposes of the Act. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact us at customerservices@nastygal.com or at Nasty Gal Limited, Attn: Legal Department, 49-51 Dale Street, Manchester, England, M1 2HF. Nasty Gal is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as a data processor on its behalf. Nasty Gal is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (the “ICO”). If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please see https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ for how you may contact the ICO. In conjunction with this Privacy Policy, you should also review our Terms for a more complete understanding of the rules governing our Services. For more information on Internet safety and security, Click here for information from the ICO. 

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU**

Information we, our service providers and other third-parties, collect from you will vary, depending on how you use the Services and information you may choose to provide to us (whether through email, phone, internet or otherwise). Personal Information: We, our service providers and other third-parties, may require Customers who visit the Services and/or purchase products on the Services to give us personally identifiable information (“personal data”). Personal data is individually identifiable information about you, including, but not limited to, your full name, a user name and password, email address, phone number, physical address, financial information, and your credit card information and other billing information. Information in a form that is anonymized, or is otherwise not capable of being associated with you, will not be considered personal data, and will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy as to use, sharing or otherwise. You can choose not to provide us with personal data, but then you may not be able to fully take advantage of certain features of our Services and we may not be able to provide you with certain requested information, products and/or services. If you create an account using your login from a third party service, like Facebook or Twitter, we will access and collect the information that your privacy settings on that third party service permits us to access so that we can create your account for you. We will also collect the contact information of your friends, if you choose to connect your contacts and address book information with your account, so that you can connect with your friends when you use our Services. Tracking and cookies: Like many Web sites on the Internet, we may track certain information about you as you visit and use our Services to help us (i) better understand, improve and modify the Services, (ii) better understand how the Services are used and experienced, and (iii) better understand how we can enhance overall experience on one or more of the Services, including providing advertising and other information that is relevant to you. This tracked or automatically gathered information may include, among other things, your computer’s IP address (Internet Protocol address), browser type, the URLs and pages on the Services you’ve visited, sections of or content on pages on the Services on which you click or in which you are interested, the number of times you visit each page on the Services, what downloads and/or search queries you have made, and how long you spent on particular sections of the Services and on the Services generally. This automatically gathered data includes information provided through the use of "cookies", local storage, e-tags, log files and "clear GIFs" (described in more detail below). We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. Information from Cookies: When you use our Services, we may send a small file to your computer or device (a “cookie”) which is stored there so that we can recognize your computer or device as a unique machine the next time you use the Services, and which also enables us to, among other things, tailor the Services to your needs. Further information about the cookies we use is set out in our [cookies policy ]. You can decline any cookies we use if your Internet browser permits. However, please note that by declining cookies, certain functionalities of the Services will not be available to you, including that if you block essential cookies (see our cookies policy for more details), you may not be able to establish a shopping cart session or make a purchase online through the Services. If you do not change your browser settings to decline cookies and continue to use our Services, we will assume you consent to us continuing to download cookies on your device. Additionally, some of our third-party service providers working on our behalf may also utilize their own cookies. Information from Clear GIFs: Also, we and our third-party service providers may use "clear GIFs" in connection with cookies and other website functions and emails. Clear GIFs perform administrative functions (but without detracting from your online experience), including being used to perform statistical and administrative tasks such as measuring traffic on the Services and its Web pages, verifying advertising avenues and positioning images on the web, and allowing us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and email marketing campaigns by letting us know which marketing emails have been opened by you or other recipients. However, please note that clear GIFs do not collect personal data. Information from e-tags and scripts: We and our third-party service providers use e-tags and scripts in analyzing trends, administering the Web site, tracking users’ movements around the site, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. Also, our third party partner may use technologies such as tags and scripts to gather information about your activities on this Web site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. Use of local storage: We use local storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. Additionally, third-parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Web site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. Advertising: As mentioned above, we may partner with third party ad network(s) to either display advertising on our Services or to manage our advertising on other Web sites. Our ad network partner may use cookies and/or Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Services and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. There are opt-out schemes which allow you to opt-out from receiving targeted advertising from third parties who are members of those schemes. Examples of these schemes are as follows: • TRUSTe – Please visit http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ • Network Advertising Initiative – Please visit www.networkadvertising.org/choices • EDAA – Please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising, and you will continue to receive generic ads. 

**HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED**

The use and sharing of information about you depends on the context in which it is collected. Please see the categories below that relate to the features and functionality of the Services that you wish to utilize. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, you may contact us at: customerservices@nastygal.com Personal Information: We may share the personal data we collect from you only with your consent, or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy, or under the following circumstances: User-Requested Services and Information: For information, features, products and services offered and/or provided by the Services, the information you submit is used by us to provide the information, feature, product or service you've requested, including being used for internal purposes such as tracking your order, analyzing your preferences, and noting trends and statistics. We may combine and supplement the information we collect about you, with information from third parties, and add it to your account information. We will use this information for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We may also share this information with others, but personal data will be shared by us only to fulfill your request or to facilitate your use of the information, features, products or services, or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy, or with your consent. When sharing personal data in such a manner, we may also share your Internet Protocol (IP) address. In addition, we may use and share any registration information that you submit as described in the “Registration Information” section below. We may use other companies and individuals (1) to perform supporting functions for the various tools, functionality, information, products and services offered on or through our Services on our behalf, (2) to perform or support various tasks or initiatives instrumental to the business of, or related to operating or improving, the Services or (3) to assist us in testing, maintaining or improving the features, content or effectiveness of the Services or in performing research or development. These service providers (for example, third party payment processing service providers in respect of payment for goods purchased on the Services, delivery partners, email service providers to send out emails on our behalf, etc.) may be permitted to receive and use information collected from you, or for internal purposes on an aggregated and/or anonymous basis (where you cannot be personally identified), but will not be authorized by us to use personal data for any other purpose other than in connection with performing the support functions for Nasty Gal or such other tasks, initiatives or assistance for Nasty Gal. Some pages may have the look and feel of being on www.nastygal.com, however the information collected on these pages may not be covered under our privacy statement. All information collected on www.nastygal.com is governed by this Nasty Gal privacy statement. User-Initiated Communication: From time to time, portions of the Service(s) may enable you to send email and other types of messages to us and to participate in blogs, product reviews, and other discussion groups. All such emails, reviews, comments and messages, and all such postings to blogs and/or discussion groups, become our property once you submit them (please see our Terms for more details on this). Your Internet Protocol (IP) address may be included in any email that you send, whether to us or to third parties. Whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communication with us, or anyone else, you may be contacted in return. Also, remember that our Services and blogs are open to the public, and, therefore, your postings can be seen by anyone and are therefore not protected by us or any other entity. Please use your own discretion when deciding whether and what to post and whom to contact. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit or delete postings from our Services, blogs, and discussion groups. This reservation of rights shall not under any circumstances obligate us to conduct such edits or deletions, nor shall it cause us to be liable for any such edits or deletions. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us at customerservices@nastygal.com. Protection of rights: In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may release personal data or other information we collect from you if we believe that such action is appropriate to: (1) comply with legal requests and processes; (2) enforce the terms and conditions for the applicable Services; (3) identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who are or we believe have caused or might cause injury to us or a third party; (4) defend or respond to claims brought or threatened against Nasty Gal, its employees, directors, suppliers or service providers, users of the Services or others; (5) to protect us and our customers from fraud and theft, including that we may pass on personal information that is required to make identity checks and personal information that we obtain from making identity checks to organisations including law enforcement agencies involved in fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction; or (6) otherwise protect or assert the rights, property, interests or personal safety of Nasty Gal, its employees, directors, suppliers or service providers, users of the Services or others. Record Keeping: It may be necessary for Nasty Gal to keep records of certain personal data you have provided to us or which we have obtained from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy for business purposes, including but not limited to for internal accounting and administration, to supply you with information about your account, to respond to inquiries, to enhance customer service and product options, to improve product performance, promotions, and special offers where you voluntarily supplied your personal details, to administer sales records, to provide information about us, our products, services and special offers, and to analyze usage on our Services. Business or Asset transfers: We continue to develop our business and in doing so may choose to buy or sell our business or related assets. Personal data and other information we collect from you is generally one of the assets acquired or transferred in such transactions. Registration Information: The personal data you provide when you become a registered user of and create an account on one of the Services is used primarily to provide the information, features, products and/or services you purchase or request, to help us customize or enhance your online experience, and to increase the convenience of accessing new or existing tools, products and services on the Services. If applicable, this personal data may also be shared among the Services to make use of the Services more convenient by, for example, limiting the number of times you have to register with us. Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system, and together with your password, is designed to help us prevent unauthorized access to information you choose to store on the Services. The data you give us about your personal preferences and demographics (e.g., your age, post code or ZIP code, or the like) may be used to help us offer tailored content, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to you. In addition, we may share this information, in aggregate or other protected forms (see the section entitled “Information We Collect From you: Personal Information,” above) or under confidentiality terms, with our current and/or future service providers so that either they or us can present and deliver products, functionality and services to you more effectively.   
Promotions and Marketing: Unless you specify that you’d prefer not to hear from us, we may provide you with information about other similar products and services we offer. We may also provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about other products or services (including products and services that are co-branded or that we are otherwise engaged with promoting) that we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. You may have these communications terminated and opt out at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in any promotional email or contacting us at customerservices@nastygal.com. If applicable, please be aware that opting out on one of our Services, does not opt you out from any of our other Services unless that option is specifically provided. Please note that despite unsubscribing from such communications, Nasty Gal may still contact you in relation to your order(s), purchase(s) or any issues relating any business you conduct with Nasty Gal. You may contact us at customerservices@nastygal.com to request that we remove your information from our database. Internet Protocol (IP) Address: When sharing personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we may also share your Internet Protocol (IP) address. Automatically Gathered Information: Information that is automatically gathered, including through the use of cookies (as explained above), may be shared among the Services, if applicable. It may also be shared with other third parties, including service providers and others, so that we may better understand how the Services are used, to enhance the overall experience on the Services, and otherwise in connection with our operation of the Services and conducting related business. When such information is shared with third parties, any personal data will be included only if first put in aggregated form (from which individuals cannot be identified) or other protected form (see the section entitled “Information We Collect From You: Personal Information,” above) or the third party is contractually restricted from using such personal data for any purpose other than in connection with the purpose for which it was shared by Nasty Gal. Social Media Features: Our Services include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features on our Services are either hosted by a third party or directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the respective privacy policy of the company providing such feature(s). 

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

Our Services are general audience Web sites and are not directed at children under age 13. Nasty Gal and the Services do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under age 13, and if you are under the age of 13 you should not register or provide information on our Services or to Nasty Gal. If you have knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal data to us, please email customerservices@nastygal.com 

**HOW CAN I ACCESS AND CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?**

You can edit or delete personal data that you submitted on the Services through your online account. Upon request Nasty Gal will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. Under the Act, we may charge an administrative fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. If you would like us to delete/remove your Account, or for us to no longer use or share personal data we may gather from you for any purpose, please send a request to customerservices@nastygal.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. However, please note that archival or backup copies of personal data may continue to exist. Please keep in mind that any change you request regarding personal data may adversely affect or otherwise change the availability, deliverability or quality for you of information, features, products or services in which you are interested or your experience on or relating to the Services. We will retain and use your information as may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

**HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?**

Whenever personal data is stored on our computers, that information is protected from unauthorized access or use by way of passwords or other industry-acknowledged means. In addition, servers of ours that store this information are located behind a firewall. Since certain personal data (such as credit card data) is especially sensitive, we take special care to keep it secure. We will only electronically transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections using generally accepted standards, and security keys. In addition, we require password authentication from any third parties you have authorized to receive this information. We use a trusted third party payment processing service to process your payment to us and we do not store your credit/debit card information. You can elect to save your credit or debit card details once your order on our Web site has been processed, to make any future orders easier. However, for your security you will need to enter your card’s 3-digit security code for every subsequent transaction where you elect to use the saved credit/debit card. If you elect to store your credit or debit card details after an order on the Web site, your credit/debit card details will be stored with our trusted third party payment processor. Of course, we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and others' privacy. We hope you'll use common sense whenever you disclose personal data over the Internet. Just as importantly, we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that personal data you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy. Finally, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet nor any storage of information on servers or other media can be guaranteed or made to be 100% secure; and while we strive to protect personal data, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, we cannot promise, guarantee or warrant the complete security of information. To contact us, please send an email to customerservices@nastygal.com. The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing, We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 **SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY: OUTSIDE LINKS**

Be aware that our Services link to other Web sites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices, nor the content, associated with any linked Web sites. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other Web sites or contact the respective Webmasters of those Web sites to obtain information regarding their information collection, security, use and disclosure policies. 

**EFFECTIVE DATE AND MODIFICATIONS**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above. We reserve the right to update, change, modify or otherwise alter this Privacy Policy at any time. If any material changes are made to this Privacy Policy, Nasty Gal will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Services or notifying you through the Services prior to the change becoming effective. ANY ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOU AFTER THE CHANGES GO INTO EFFECT SHALL CONSTITUTE AND BE DEEMED YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Services in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices. If you do not want to be bound by this Privacy Policy, do not use or access any part of the Services. 

**CONTACTING US**

If you have concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices in general, contact us at: Legal Department Nasty Gal Limited 49-51 Dale Street Manchester, England, M1 2HF Email: customerservices@nastygal.com  

