> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gorillaz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130516093054id_/http%3A//gorillaz.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

**PRIVACY  **

****Our Commitment to You****

Welcome to Gorillaz.com. Gorillaz Partnership and its employees take your privacy very seriously. To make it easier for you to read and understand our privacy policy, we’ve written it in plain language and tried to keep it to a reasonably short length.

The key points of our privacy policy are:

 •We give you choices about the personally identifiable information you share with Gorillaz.com and other Gorillaz.com users.

•You can end your membership at any time.

•We only disclose information from which you may be personally identifiable to selected third parties in accordance with this privacy policy.

•Gorillaz.com does not spam.

•By participating in the Gorillaz.com community, you agree to this privacy policy.

**Information Collected On Gorillaz.com**

We collect the following types of information about you when you use Gorillaz.com:

•Information provided by you. We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name and email address, when you register to become a Gorillaz.com member. This information is needed to set up your personal profile. As part of your personal profile, you may choose to submit or incorporate additional information, such as photos.

•Information collected automatically. Gorillaz.com receives and stores information which is transmitted automatically from your computer when you use Gorillaz.com. This information includes information from cookies (which are described below), your IP address and browser type. Your IP address is the unique address of your computer which is automatically provided to other computers when your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from those computers on the Internet. We also collect information about how you use Gorillaz.com, including information about the features you use and where you go on the Service.

**Use and Disclosure of Information**

We use this information in order to operate Gorillaz.com and improve your experience:

•We will display your personally identifiable information on your profile according to the preferences you set. We will use your username so that you are recognisable on our database and so that we can personalize your experience. We will use your email address to contact you from time to time and may also use it for security reasons to confirm that you are who you say you are. You can control the types and frequencies of certain emails you receive in your email preferences.

•We may use the information collected automatically, such as your IP address, information stored via cookies, and information about how you use Gorillaz.com to develop statistics and aggregate information about the number of people who visit Gorillaz.com and to customise Gorillaz.com content, layout and services. We may share this information with third parties to help us improve Gorillaz.com and better serve our users.

•We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you. Such third party entities will be obligated to use your personally identifiable information solely to provide the services to us.

•Personally identifiable information about you as a Gorillaz.co user, including the contents of your online communications, may be accessed or disclosed in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); in other circumstances in which Gorillaz believes Gorillaz.com is being used in the commission of a crime; when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; or when necessary either to protect the rights or property of Gorillaz and its affiliates, or for us to render the service you have requested.

•Personally identifiable information collected in connection with your use of the Gorillaz.com may be stored in the United Kingdom, or other countries where Gorillaz or its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities.  By using Gorillaz.com, you expressly agree to the transfer to the United Kingdom and elsewhere of the personally identifiable information you provide Gorillaz. By publicly posting information on Gorillaz.com, you also certify that your posting conforms with all local data protection laws.

•We reserve the right to transfer your personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Gorillaz.com, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. If an acquiring company should plan to materially change this privacy policy, we will notify you beforehand.

**Tell-A-Friend**

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about Gorillaz.com, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit Gorillaz.com. Gorillaz.com stores and only uses this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.

Your friend may submit a request that we remove this information from our database via the Contact Us; remove requests of this nature will be completed within 60 days.

**Collection of Information On Other Sites**

This privacy statement applies only to information collected by Gorillaz.com.

 Gorillaz.com contains links to other sites and services that are not owned or controlled by Gorillaz, including Gorillaz affiliates (e.g. All Access Today). Please be aware that these sites have their own privacy policies and that Gorillaz.com is not responsible for their privacy practices. We therefore encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.

 "Masking" is a function of using programming techniques such that the displayed URL does not match the actual pages being viewed (e.g. user is on www.xyz.com, but the URL displayed is www.abc.com). In certain circumstances, Gorillaz.com may use Masking and, although it will appear that you are still on Gorillaz.com, you may be on a different site. For example, when you create a widget or when you upload a video, you may be transferred to a third party’s site and the privacy policy of the applicable third party site applies.

**Cookies**

 •Cookies are a common Internet technology. Many web sites use cookies to provide useful features for their users. Cookies are small files that are written or downloaded to your computers hard drive when you access a site. They allow Gorillaz.com to store and quickly retrieve login information on your computer and provide data that we can use to improve the quality of our service. Most Internet browsers (such as Internet Explorer and Safari) are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies, although you may not be able to take full advantage of Gorillaz.com if you do so. You can disable cookies by going to Tools on your top menu bar. This will bring up the "Internet Options" dialogue box. On the top of the dialogue box, click on "Privacy". This will bring up the "Settings" box. Scroll up using the slide bar on the left-hand side of the box, until the wording in the box states Block All Cookies. Then click on the "OK" button on the bottom of the menu box. If you follow these instructions, your computer will not accept cookies in future.

•Gorillaz.com may link information stored in cookies such as your age, gender and country with your personally identifiable information and we may use such information to gather statistics about the number of people who visit Gorillaz.com and to customize Gorillaz.com content, layout and services for delivery to you.

You control who sees your profile information on Gorillaz.com

•Your profile information on Gorillaz.com will only be shared with people you have specifically agreed to share such information with. By default your privacy settings are set up so that only your friends can view your wall comments and friends. Please bear in mind that if you choose to share your personal information (including any comments, photos or any other information) to other people on Gorillaz.com, you do so at your own risk. Gorillaz.com recommends that you don't share your personal contact information.

•You can choose to make your profile visible to all members of Gorillaz.com, non Gorillaz.com members by editing your profile and opting in to accessible public profile.

•The default setting for profiles is private.

**Sharing Information with Applications Providers**

Reviewing, deleting and changing your Profile

You can review, delete, correct and revise your privacy settings and personal profile, including who has access to your personal profile in your account at any time or contact us for assistance via the Contact Us page; requests of this nature will be completed within 30 days.

**Internet awareness**

Whenever you voluntarily post personal information in public areas, like wallposts and forums, this information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by others to send you unsolicited communications. Gorillaz.com recommends that you exercise discretion in deciding what information you disclose on the Internet.

**Children – Under 13s**

•Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use Gorillaz.com and must not attempt to register with Gorillaz.com and/or submit any personal information to us. Gorillaz.com does not knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 13 or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us via the Contact Us page, and we will delete any such information.

•We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 17 should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet without asking their parents or legal guardians for permission beforehand.

**Security and confidentiality**

 •Bebo uses a variety of safeguards to help protect your personal information, including technical, administrative and physical controls. Please bear in mind though, that it is impossible for Gorillaz.com to guarantee that impenetrable security measures are in place. For example, we cannot control any illegal and/or unforeseen activity of other users that may allow them to get around the privacy or security settings on Gorillaz.com. Consequently, you acknowledge that there are circumstances in which your personal information may be accessed by unauthorised persons.

•The security of your personal information depends in part on your protection of your account password. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people.

•We limit access to your personal information only to employees that we authorize to access that information in order to do their jobs in connection with Gorillaz.com

•If you become aware of any breach of data security or have any other questions about the security of our website, please contact us via the Contact Us page.

**Changes in Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.

Additionally, we may send registered users an email notifying you of the change. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU SHALL STOP USING GORILLAZ.COM. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF GORILLAZ.COM FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE OR ON OUR WEBSITE OR BLOG OR RECEIVING OUR EMAIL NOTIFYING YOU OF THE CHANGE WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE.

**Cancelling membership**

You always have the option to cancel your membership at any time. If you are a member and no longer wish to participate in Gorillaz.com you can sign in to the site and click on the My Account at the top of the page; then select cancel membership and follow the simple instructions.

**Co-Branding**

Gorillaz.com may be co-branded with our affiliates & partners.

Effective Date and Last Revision Date: February 22, 2010
