> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gorving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140623121046id_/http%3A//gorving.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Go RVing Privacy Policy | Go RVing

##  Go RVing Privacy Policy

Go RVing is committed to protecting your privacy, and we respect the priority you place on guarding and managing any personal information you share with us. We invite you to read the following to learn more about the types of information that Go RVing requests, how that information is used and the steps we take to protect your personal information.

We take your privacy concerns very seriously. Any personal information that you provide to Go RVing should be offered and supplied on a completely voluntary basis. We ask for this information so that we can deliver the services you want. Information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences, are used to process your video order, your request for the Go RVing monthly e-newsletter and/or any other information you request. The information you provide will be stored by Go RVing until you direct otherwise. There are also times when it may be necessary for Go RVing to make portions of your information available to companies that work for us on a contractual basis to process information, fulfill orders and requests, deliver products to you and/or conduct research or surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you later change your mind and decide that you no longer want to receive the monthly e-newsletter, or any other Go RVing information, you will find a link located in the footer of all emails you receive from us. By using this link, you will be able to unsubscribe directly from any further Go RVing emails.

In addition, and only with your permission, we will provide your information to prescreened third-party RV industry business service provider partners. These partners include RV manufacturers, RV dealers, campgrounds and other outdoor recreation and travel entities. The information you provide will be stored by these business partners until you direct otherwise. If you later change your mind and decide that you no longer want your personal information made available to any or all RV industry partners, links should be located in the footer of all emails you receive from them. By using these links, you will be able to unsubscribe directly. However, please understand that once Go RVing has provided your information to third-party partners, it no longer can exercise full control over subsequent users. In the event you later decide that you do not want to receive anything additional from a particular business entity, it will be your responsibility to contact that entity and request your removal from its mailing list.

Similar to most websites, this website gathers and stores certain data automatically. This data, which does not identify individual users, may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet service providers (ISPs), referring/exit pages, operating systems and dates/times. Go RVing uses this information to administer the website and to compile generic demographic information only. This website also uses "cookies" to help us understand which features our visitors are using and to customize their experience. A cookie is a small text file placed on your hard drive by a web page server. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the website that gave it to you. The cookies issued by Go RVing store no personal information. It simply tells our website when you return.

Go RVing may provide aggregate statistics about our website visitors, traffic patterns and related site information to RV industry members. However, your detailed personal information will never be released for such purposes.

Lastly, under certain rare circumstances, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law to do so, such as when disclosure is necessary to comply with a court order or legal process.

Please keep in mind that whenever you provide personal information online, there is a risk that it may illegally be accessed, compromised or otherwise used by unauthorized persons. Go RVing believes that the safeguards it and its contractees have in place to prevent unauthorized uses meets or exceeds the industry standards for such protections.  

If you later change your mind and decide that you no longer want your personal information made available to Go RVing or RV industry partners, please contact Margie Craig via telephone at (703) 620-6003 ext. 357, or via email at [mcraig@rvia.org](mailto:mcraig@rvia.org).
