> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oliviaburton.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206114240id_/http%3A//www.oliviaburton.com/privacy-policy-i4) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY JLB Brands Ltd (“Olivia Burton", "we", "our", "us") respect the privacy rights of its online visitors/customers ("you", "your", "yours") and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about them. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). The following information is provided by us to enable our online visitors and customers to be fully informed and reassured of our company privacy policies in line with all laws governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Great Britain. By visiting our website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions. All queries relating to any company policies should be sent to: JLB Brands Ltd – Unicorn House. 221-222 Shoreditch High Street. London. E18 1NB hello@oliviaburton.com UNDER 18'S Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors (under 18 years of age) do not submit any personal information to us. COLLECTING INFORMATION The main aim of collecting information from you is to deliver a smooth and personalized service when ordering from us. We collect information from you when you subscribe to our mailing list for either email subscription, postal promotions and or text communications. The purpose of the subscription is to gather details so that we can provide you with up to date information on our products and new style releases which you have requested from us. We operate an opt-in policy in terms of communicating via email, post, and telephone. By subscribing to our mailing list, you are opting to receive communications by email, post and text. However, every time we contact you after this, you will have an opportunity to unsubscribe from our mailing list. We will not pass details on to any third parties, and your personal details will not be sold to any database companies. Should you choose to have your name and personal data removed from our database all together, you can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link on the email or sending an email to hello@oliviaburton.com or by writing to us at: JLB Brands Ltd, Unicorn House, 221-222 Shoreditch High Street, London. E18 1NB. INFORMATION COLLECTED Our website requests personal information from you when you place an order. If an order is placed with us, we will request personal information including your name, email address, phone numbers, home address, shipping and credit card billing address(es) so that we can process, fraud check and deliver your order. Details of your address and the telephone number and email you have provided us will be shared with our courier partners, these details have been shared to assist in providing you with 1st class delivery service and will not be used by this third party for any other reasons. Your telephone number may be given to our courier partner for delivery services. These details allow us to process your order and to let you know the status of your order. We may use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, together with non-personal data to monitor customer patterns so we can consistently improve our site design to better meet our visitors' needs. CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD Do not disclose your Olivia Burton password to any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password by visiting the change password section on the website. If you need help directing you to the correct pages, please contact us. COOKIES We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. WHAT IS A COOKIE? A cookie is a piece of information that is stored by your computer's hard drive by your web browser, which tracks your movements within websites. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but you are able to alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance, should you wish. Our site uses cookies to keep track of how often you visit our site, the contents of your shopping cart, previous purchases and to deliver content specific to your interests, to assist us in updating our service for our customers benefit. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use most of the features of our website, including the ability to purchase items. The use of cookies is an industry standard but should you require any further information regarding the technical specifications, please email hello@oliviaburton.com CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will make any changes to this Privacy Policy and post them to our site. It is up to you whether you then continue to use the site and and our services after such changes have been made. However, it is assumed that you accept such changes if you continue to use the site and services. If you do not accept such changes then you should stop using our website and services and contact us if you wish to have any of your details removed. Please contact us via email hello@oliviaburton.com By visiting our website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy. 
