> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teleflora.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617221008id_/http%3A//teleflora.com/securityprivacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# teleflora.com

Security & Privacy

Welcome to www.Teleflora.com (the “Site”), a website provided by Teleflora LLC (“we”, “us” or “our”). We want you to feel comfortable using the Site, so we have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we may collect from you on the Site and how we may use that information. Please take a moment to review the terms of our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to accept the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. This policy is effective as of September 14, 2005.

******Aggregate Information We Collect**   
From time to time, we also may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Site, such as visitors' IP addresses, how many visitors visit a specific page on the Site, how long visitors stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, visitors "click" on. We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Site are most popular and to enhance the Site for visitors. We may also group this information into aggregate visitor data in order to describe the use of the Site to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers or other third parties, or in response to a government request. However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Site. An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web, and can be used to identify your computer. However, when we collect IP addresses, we do so only in an aggregate fashion and not in a way that will identify you personally.

******Personally Identifying Information We Collect**   
In order to access certain information and features contained on the Site, we may require you to register for an account on the Site or otherwise provide us with personally identifying information (“PII”). The categories of PII we collect may include, without limitation, your first and last name, email address, mailing address, phone and fax numbers, and general information about you. We may also may collect any other information you provide us voluntarily or through your electronic communications with us. We collect PII in order to fulfill our services to you and to ensure compliance with our policies and applicable law. We may also may use your PII to process requested transactions, customize the services we provide to you and send you periodic communications by email or regular mail. For example, we may ask for your feedback regarding the Site or provide you with promotional or other special offers.

******Disclosure of Personally Identifying Information**   
We may sometimes disclose your PII to our third-party business partners in order to allow them to perform certain services for us, such as, for example, delivering our products, sending postal mail and providing marketing assistance and data analysis. We may also share your PII with other selected companies from time to time. In addition, we may sometimes share your PII with other companies within our family of companies, and they may send you periodic communications that we believe will be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive such communications from us, you can email us to request removal from our list. As we develop, we may buy other businesses or their assets or sell our business assets. Customer information is generally one of the business assets involved in such transactions. Thus, in the event that we or all of our assets are acquired, customer information would be one of the transferred assets. Finally, we reserve the right to disclose visitor information to applicable authorities in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. This includes our right to exchange information with other organizations in order to protect against fraud and to reduce credit risk. We also reserve the right to disclose visitor information to applicable authorities when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

******Cookies**   
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're at the Site. We never save credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most websites. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Information such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed is most easily tracked with cookies. We may use the information from cookies to make improvements and updates to the Site and to tailor our services to our visitors' needs. You always have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, please be aware that some features of the Site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. We do not control these cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is common in the Internet industry.

******Links to Other Sites; “Public” Areas**   
Please be aware that when you are on the Site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from the Site's pages that take you outside our Site. These other sites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit personal information. The privacy policies of these other sites may be significantly different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected there.

******Security**   
Protecting the security of your personal information is very important to us. If you register with us, your online account information is protected by a password chosen by you. Access to that online account requires your username and password. We recommend that you do not disclose your username and password to any other person. When you transmit PII from your PC to our servers, your information also is protected by both a “firewall” intrusion detection system (a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network) and, in certain circumstances, industry standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information.

******Privacy Policy for Minors**   
We do not knowingly collect information from minors. If you are under 18, please do not provide any personal information to us.

******Changes to These Terms**   
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time without prior notice to you, so please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

******Questions**   
Any questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to:

Teleflora LLC   
11444 West Olympic Boulevard   
Los Angeles, California 90064   
Attention: General Counsel   
Telephone: 310-966-5700   
email: [legalinfo@teleflora.com](mailto:legalinfo@teleflora.com)   
© 2005 Teleflora LLC. All rights reserved.
