> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the televisionjamaica.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609204436id_/http%3A//televisionjamaica.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

PRIVACY POLICY  
   
Television Jamaica Ltd is committed to protecting your online privacy while interacting with our content, products and services. We provide a safe and secure environment for you. This policy applies to all websites owned by the RJR Communications Group located at 32 Lyndhurst Road, Kingston 5 in the parish of St. Andrew on the island of Jamaica in the Caribbean.  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.  
    
1\. Collection of information  
Information is collected from you primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our services. Depending on the service you are accessing, you could be asked to provide information such as your name, email address or information about what you like and do not like. It is entirely your choice whether to respond to these questions or not.  
This websites will likely collect two types of information. The first type is anonymous information. For instance, we may collect information to tell us that five thousand people visited this Privacy Policy today, but we do not know their names, where they live or their date of birth - they are 'anonymous' to us. Another example of TVJ collecting anonymous information is when our audiences are invited to respond to surveys on the websites. The surveys may ask you for demographic information such as your age, gender and location. This information is collected for research purposes, is used in the aggregate (where possible), and remains anonymous. Many of the individuals who access our services are anonymous to us.  
The second type of information that TVJ is likely to collect is personal information. TVJ will collect personal information that lets us know the specifics of who you are such as your name, email address, or postal address, when you provide it to us. With this information, TVJ can provide a variety of personalised and enhanced services that are not available to anonymous users. We hope that you will find it beneficial to provide individually identifiable information about yourself to us because it will make our services more valuable to you.  
Sometimes, we may specifically ask for personal information about you when you sign up to use a service. Certain information may be required, such as your name, age, internet address or screen name, billing address, type of computer, credit card number, in order to provide that service or product to you. This information may also be used to inform you of additional products and services which may interest you. You can choose not to receive such information when you are undertaking product or service registration on our website. We may also ask about your interests, but it is your choice whether to respond.  
How much of your personal information that you choose to disclose to TVJ is completely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you provide it to us, for example when you take part in a discussion forum or enter one of the competitions on our websites or subscribe to a service. A Person's consent can be express, implied, or given through an authorized representative. A Person can withdraw consent at any time, with certain exceptions noted herein. TVJ, however, may collect, use or disclose Personal Information without the Person's knowledge or consent in exceptional circumstances where such collection, use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law.  
   
2\. Use of personal information  
TVJ will only use the personal information you have chosen to provide us for the purpose for which you provided it. TVJ will not use it for any other purpose without your consent. TVJ may from time to time use a Person's personal information to contact the Person about changes, enhancements or similar notices related to TVJ products and services; If a Person indicated that he/she was interested in receiving offers or information from TVJ or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers, TVJ may send the Person material about products and services that TVJ feels may be of interest to the Person. If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a TVJ website, TVJ may, under the rules of the promotion, use the Person's name and certain other information to administer the promotion, such as contacting, announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion.  
   
3\. No sale of personal information  
Under no circumstances will TVJ sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.  
   
4\. Use of anonymous information  
TVJ automatically gathers anonymous information to monitor the use of its websites like the numbers and frequency of visitors to televisionjamaica.com, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine how much our audiences use parts of the site, so we can make improvements to ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many users as possible. TVJ may publish or provide this aggregate data to other people.  
  
 5\. Interacting with TVJ  
There are interactive features on the website that you can contribute. These include: Community Features, Online Voting and Mailing Lists. When interacting with TVJ’s website, we suggest that you use your discretion and exercise caution when providing your personal information. Note that whenever you post personal information in publicly accessible places, such as chat rooms or message boards, this information becomes available to anyone with access to the internet. This information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Therefore, we recommend that you refrain from posting any information that you do not want seen in these public areas. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information. Be responsible whenever you are online.  
   
6\. Banner Advertising  
A website owned by TVJ may contain links to other websites and services. While TVJ tries to link only to sites and services that share TVJ’s high standards and respect for privacy, a user should understand that TVJ is not responsible for the content of, or the privacy practices employed by, other companies or websites. This TVJ Privacy Policy applies only to the TVJ services related to this policy. The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with the TVJ website are served through one or more reputable Third Party advertisement-serving companies which deliver the advertisements to users in conjunction with TVJ. We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on our Web sites to be targeted, in aggregate, to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. We will disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form.  
   
7\. E-Mail Newsletters  
If you choose to receive them, TVJ will periodically send you e-mail newsletters or promotional e-mail about services offered by TVJ and its advertisers. TVJ will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address without your permission.  
   
8\. E-mails From You  
If you send us e-mails, you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others. We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails. We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments. If you feel you have received an e-mail from us in error, please contact us at contact@televisionjamaica.com. (Check address)  
  
9\. Cookies  
TVJ and Third Party advertising providers may use cookies when serving advertisements on TVJ’s website. In some cases, advertisements from Third Party advertisers are delivered to users (in conjunction with TVJ) by such Third Party advertisers, or by separately contracted advertising providers on their behalf, and not by TVJ; as such, the Third-party advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the TVJ Privacy Policy, and users should consult the privacy policies of such Third Party advertisers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If a user prefers, the user can reset his/her browser either to notify the user when the user has received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. The user should understand that while TVJ does not require a user to use cookies, certain TVJ services will not function properly if a user sets his/her browser to not accept cookies.  
  
 10\. Disclosure  
There will be occasions where it will be necessary for TVJ to disclose your personal information to third parties. TVJ and by extension the RJR Communications Group may be required by law to disclose the information, or TVJ may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties to provide the service you have requested. However, the disclosure will only be made where it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which you disclosed your personal information. Otherwise than stated above, we do not disclose personal information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any organisation or person outside of the RJR Communications Group unless you have authorised us to do so. For example, when you contribute to an online forum you may want to publish your name and email address  
   
11\. Service Providers  
We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, shipping, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for TVJ and they may not share or resell this data.  
   
12\. Security  
TVJ operates secure data networks that are designed to protect your privacy and security.  
   
 13\. Complaints about privacy  
If you have any complaints relating to online privacy issues on our websites, please notify TVJ. We will investigate all complaints.  
   
14\. Changes to TVJ’s privacy policy  
If we decide to change TVJ’s Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and registered users only will be notified via e-mail.

|   
---|---
