> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tellychakkar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191210182532id_/https%3A//www.tellychakkar.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Introduction**

The website tellychakkar.com is owned and operated by Indiantelevision dot com Pvt. Ltd. and its affiliates (collectively, “we,” “our” or “us”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains our information collection practices at tellychakkar.com, other websites owned by us and our other interactive properties, including but not limited to our mobile websites and applications. It explains the types of information we collect regarding users and subscribers to our portal and how we may use that information so you can make an informed decision about whether to view the content and/or use our services ("Services"). Thus this Privacy Policy applies to information we collect via (1) the portal (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise); (2) email or electronic newsletters; (3) offline means such as telephone and traditional mail; and (4) any other means or applications in which you connect with us.  
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Indian Television dot com Pvt. Ltd. Each time that you access or use the portal you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the legal and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using our Services.

**1\. Information That Is Collected**  
When you provide us with contact or other information in connection with a particular activity, product or service, including your email address or telephone number, you expressly consent to our communicating with you about our products or services using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.  
(a) Information You Provide To Us  
Personal Information. We may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information, including information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally, such as your name, gender, e-mail address, date of birth, physical address (or elements thereof such as zip code and state). We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the portal, including magazine subscription forms, account registration forms, contact us forms or when you otherwise interact with us.  
Billing and Credit Card Information. To enable payment for Tellychakkar Store / portal subscriptions, we collect and store billing and credit card information. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit cards.  
Social Networking Services. You may be given the option to link your account on a third party social networking service. In that case, the authentication of your login credentials are conducted through that third party service provider. When you link your social networking accounts with applications or engage with applications thorough third party social media platforms, you understand that you may be allowing us ongoing access to certain information stored on those social networking media platforms. In addition, as you interact with the portal, you may also be providing information about your activities to the third party social networking services. You should make sure that you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to us by visiting those services’ privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share and provide access to all information that we receive through third party social networking services in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy. You agree that we shall not be liable for the use by social networking services of any information.  
Job Applications. When applying for select job postings via the portal, you may elect to send us your resume or other relevant information online. Personal information collected in association with job postings will be used for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings.  
(b) Information Collected As You Access and Use the portal  
In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers and advertisers on the portal may use a variety of technologies (including cookies, flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts) (“Tracking Technologies”) that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the portal (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to our portal and all of the areas within our portal that you visit, among other information. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes. In addition, we collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for your computer or other device used to access the portal (any, a “Device”). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the portal, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. If you accessed content through an email account, a third party provider may make a “hash” of your email address, which is a bit of text that uniquely identifies the email address but is designed to prevent reverse engineering so that the email address is not revealed (“Hash”).  
Information gathered from your use of the portal may be combined with information from third party sources to identify your location by state and region (“Region Location”). More specific information about your geographic location may be collected for certain Applications ("Geolocation"), as more clearly spelled out in this policy.  
A few of the Tracking Technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include, without limitation, the following:  
Cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the portal. We use cookies to collect information for record keeping purposes, to make it easier to navigate the portal and for other purposes, as described further in this Privacy Policy. Cookies are stored on users’ hard drives. We use both “session ID cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session ID cookies are used to store information while a user is logged into the portal and expire when the user closes his/her browser. Persistent cookies are used to make tasks like logging into the portal easier for returning users by remembering a user’s login information. Persistent cookies stay on a user’s hard drive from one session to the next. “Flash cookies,” known as local shared objects, are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit. Our third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click [www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_ma...](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html). If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the portal may not function properly.  
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the portal, to monitor how users navigate the portal, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.  
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the portal, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the portal, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.  
HTML5. We use HTML5 in the Tellychakkar mobile website and certain mobile applications for the iphone or ipad (and any other Apple iOS device). HTML5 has browser web storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies are not stored in a browser “cookies” file and, like Flash cookies, can be used to track users across websites. To our knowledge there is currently no known way for a user of a mobile device to remove HTML5 tracking and storage.  
Geolocation Applications. For certain of the mobile portal, we may, and may enable a third party such as an advertiser to, ask you if you wish us to collect your geolocation in order provide you with information about goods and services within your geographic location. If you agree to have your geolocation collected, we and the third party, if applicable, will maintain information about your geolocation to facilitate your searching or implement other functionality in the portal, such as to serve targeted advertising. In addition, when you have geolocation software running on your mobile phone, computer or other Device, we may collect that information as controlled by your privacy settings on those Devices.  
(c) Information You Provide About a Third Party  
If you send someone else a communication from the portal, such as sending an invitation to a friend, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. If that person becomes a subscriber to our magazine or newsletter, his/her information will be treated in the same manner as all other subscribers. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our portal, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.  
(d) Information We Collect from Third Parties  
We may acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your address or other demographic information and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes. We may also acquire information from other sources about your visits over time and across other third party web sites, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the portal.

**2\. How We Use and Share the Information Collected**  
(a) Provide, Manage and Improve our Services  
We use the information that we collect and obtain to provide our goods and services, to administer the Applications and Services and for other lawful business purposes.  
We may provide access to information, including personal information, to certain vendors that are performing services on our behalf, including fulfilling magazine subscriptions, managing our email lists and sending email messages on our behalf, processing payments, providing customer support and performing other administrative services. These service providers are provided access to this information only for the purpose of carrying out the services on our behalf.  
We may also use the information that we collect and obtain about you to measure and improve our Services, to customize certain features of the portal, to deliver relevant content and to provide you with an enhanced experience based on the type of device you are using. We also use the information collected to serve advertising on the applications that we believe is most likely to be of interest to you.  
(b) Transactional Communications.  
We may send you notices from time to time relating to your account, your subscriptions and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled. These may include order confirmations, renewal notices, invoices or customer service notifications. We may also send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so; for instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a product is delayed or there is some service issue with something you may have ordered. If you are a print subscriber to our magazine and do not wish to receive email bills, renewal notices and other communications regarding your magazine subscription by email, you can click and select manage option on the portal’s customer service page. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving subscriber communications by email, we may continue to send you subscriber communications by direct mail.  
(c) Email Newsletters.  
We may send you our email newsletter(s). If you wish to unsubscribe from our email newsletter(s), simply follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email newsletter.  
(d) Email Marketing Offers.  
We may send you promotional emails regarding special offers about our products and services or on behalf of third party marketing partners who we think can offer services and products of interest to you. We may also share your name and email address and certain other information, such as when you first subscribed, with reputable companies that provide marketing offers through email. If you do not want us to send you emails regarding special promotions or offers or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you email offers, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions that are located at the bottom of those emails. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may continue to send you electronic service notifications that are related to your account(s) and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled.  
(e) Direct Mail Marketing Offers.  
If you subscribed to our portal by mail, online or other method, we may send you offers through direct mail that we feel might be of interest to you and/or share your name and mailing address and certain other information, such as when you first subscribed, with reputable companies that provide marketing offers through direct mail. If you do not want us to send you any offers from third parties through direct mail or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you direct mail offers about their products and services, please write to us at the street address set forth at the end of this document. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional direct mail offers, we may continue to send you service notifications by direct mail that are related to your account(s) and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled.  
(f) Reader Surveys.  
We may collect Personal Information from you in connection with voluntary surveys about your readership of our publication, your household/personal characteristics and your purchase behavior. The information you provide in response to optional survey questions will only be shared in the aggregate with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection. You may always elect not to receive any surveys from us by following the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any survey.  
(g) Use of Tracking Technologies (e.g., Cookies) by Third Party Service Providers; Advertising  
We may work with third parties to provide services on our Applications. For example, we use analytics services supported by third party companies to perform analytics and track trends. We work with other third parties to provide certain functionalities on Applications and to improve the effectiveness of the portal and its content. Those third party companies may use Tracking Technologies to collect and store information about you and your usage of the applications and may combine this information with information they collect from other sources.  
If you access the applications through a mobile device or app, we may also share your information with mobile carriers, operating systems and platforms.  
We may use Tracking Technologies to collect information about your usage of the applications to deliver ads that are relevant to you. We may use information about your visits over time and across the portal and other third party web sites, as well as information received from other sources, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the applications.  
To provide ads on the portal, we use a variety of third party advertising service providers, including networks, data exchanges, ad servers, analytics providers and others. These third parties may use technology to send, directly to your Device, the advertisements and links that appear on the portal. They automatically receive your Device Identifier when this happens. Their tools may also limit the number of times you see the same ad on an portal and help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. The third party service providers, as well as the advertisers themselves, may collect and use information about your visits over time and across the portal and other third party web sites, as well as information received from other sources, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the portal. Third parties may also use information gathered from your usage of the portal to serve targeted advertisements to you on third party websites and applications. Google is one of the companies that we use to serve advertising and perform analytics on some of the applications. We and third party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to help implement the above uses of your information. We also use Google Analytics along with audience data (such as age, gender and interests of users) to help understand users’ visits to the applications and to optimize the content that we serve to users.  
To learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the Web. To learn more about how Google use cookies in advertising, you can visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy. You can opt out of receiving interest-based Google Ads, or customize the Ads Google shows you.  
We do not control Tracking Technologies used by third parties, and their use may be governed by the privacy policies of the third parties employing the Tracking Technologies. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third parties to see your options for opting out of their use of such devices. If you would like more information regarding which third party companies we use to provide advertising and other services and who may be serving cookies or using other Tracking Technologies on the portal.  
Some of the advertising service providers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads in this manner, you will continue to receive advertising messages after you opt-out, but they will not be customized to you based on your use of the portal and/or third party websites. Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied.  
(h) Browser Do Not Track Signals  
Some third party browsers provide “do not track” machine readable signals for websites which are automatically applied by default and therefore do not necessarily reflect our visitor’s choice as to whether they wish to receive advertisements tailored to their interests. As a result we do not respond to these signals.  
(i) Co-branded Areas.  
Certain areas of the portal may be provided to you in association with third parties, such as retailers, sponsors or advertisers (“Co-Branded Areas”), and may request that you disclose Personal Information. Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party. If you elect to register for or purchase products and/or services at Co-Branded Areas, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. Your personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of such third party. You should consult the respective privacy policies of those third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.  
(j) Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.  
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be used and disclosed as set forth in this Privacy Policy, as well as in connection with the administration of such Promotion and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules.  
(k) Administrative and Legal Reasons.  
We may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information (including Personal Information), including disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law; (ii) to protect and/or defend the portal’s Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the our Services, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the portal or any third party; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Further, we may use Device Identifiers and other information to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to third parties, all in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.  
(l) Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets.  
We may share your information, including your Personal Information and Usage Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal business purposes. In addition, in the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, Personal Information may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our visitors and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support or funding. In such transactions, use of such information will be subject to the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.

**3\. Information You Disclose Publicly**  
The portal may permit you to submit photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, questions, comments or other content, which may include Personal Information (collectively, “User Content”). We or others may reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed). Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User Content. Please note that we do not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto the portal. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive through the portal. For the full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the portal.

**4\. Third Party Content and Links To Third Party Sites**  
The portal may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect portal usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the portal are served to your browser. In addition, when you are on the portal you may be directed to other web sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or third party web sites. For example, if you “click” on a banner advertisement, the “click” may take you off the portal onto a different web site. These other web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. We encourage you to note when you leave our portal and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites before submitting any Personal Information to those sites.  
 **5\. Children's Privacy**  
The portal is for general audiences and is not intended for use by children. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen (13), and we will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen (13). If you believe a child under the age of thirteen (13) has disclosed Personal Information to us, please write to us at the street address provided in the “Contact Us” section set forth at the end of this Privacy Policy.  
 **6\. Security**  
We have incorporated safeguards to help prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and we cannot anticipate all potential misuse of data over the Internet. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and your use of the portal indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.  
 **7\. Changes to the Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.  
 **8\. Opting Out**  
Opting out of Direct Mail Marketing: If you do not want us to send you any offers from third parties through direct mail or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you direct mail offers about their products and services, please write to us at the street address set forth at the end of this document. If you write to us, please include your account number, name and mailing address in the body of your letter, and please include “Direct Mail Opt-Out” in the subject line.  
Opting out of Email Marketing: If you do not want us to send you emails regarding special promotions or offers or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you emails about their products and services, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions that are located at the bottom of those emails.  
 **9\. Disputes; No Rights of Third Parties.**  
If you choose to access the portal, subscribe to our magazine or use any of our Services, any dispute over privacy is subject to our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.

**10\. Contact Us: Privacy Policy Coordinator.**  
If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this policy, please contact our privacy policy coordinator at the address set forth below.

Privacy Coordinator  
Tellychakkar.com  
C-350 IndianTelevision Dot Com Pvt. Ltd. Oshiwara Industrial Center  
Opp Link Road Goregaon West Mumbai 400104  
Read more: [http://www.Tellychakkar.com](http://www.tellychakkar.com/)  
Follow us: [ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/tellychakkar) | [ twitter ](https://twitter.com/tellychakkar)
