> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the telltalegames.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140623005000id_/https%3A//www.telltalegames.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Telltale Games - Privacy Policy

Welcome! Telltale, Inc. (“Telltale”) values its fans and customers, and we are glad to have you visit us.  We are committed not only to making great games, but also to respecting the privacy rights of everyone who visits and uses our website or our online services.  This Privacy Policy provides a guide as to how we collect, store and use the information that you provide to us online (including information provided during online game play) and explains how we may share information.  It will also let you know how you can change the way we may collect personal information from you.  We also discuss notices of changes that may be made to this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy applies to our online mobile products and services (collectively, the “Services”) and also to any website owned or controlled by Telltale and references to a “Site” are applicable to all such websites including [www.telltalegames.com](http://www.telltalegames.com/).  This Privacy Policy does not apply towards any information that we may collect from you offline.  BY USING ANY OF OUR SITES OR OUR ONLINE MOBILE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SITES. 

### What information do we collect and how is it used?

The type of information that Telltale collects will vary depending on the activity collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include what is known as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” including your first and last name, e-mail address, account information for certain third party sites or networks such as Facebook or Twitter, phone numbers (including cell phone numbers), home address, and zip code.  Personally identifiable information can be accessed in order to directly contact you. This information is collected so that visitors can participate in activities (such as, receiving our newsletters or participating in contests or sweepstakes).  We also collect additional types of personally identifiable information (e.g., credit card and billing and shipping information, including physical addresses and phone numbers) when someone purchases products and offerings at our Sites or through use of our Services.  Such purchases are governed by our Terms of Use, [http://www.telltalegames.com/tos/](http://www.telltalegames.com/tos/), the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference.  We may share your personal information with third parties solely in order to have them assist with fulfillment of product sales, including shipping and credit card processing, and companies that assist us with e-mailings, but such third parties agree to maintain the security of your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

We may also share personal information with third parties to prevent abuse of our Site or Services and also to comply with any laws, notices or orders from a governmental agency or entity or to prevent harm to a user of our Site or Services.

Some of our websites and Services use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze and track how visitors use the Site and our Services. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Services will be transmitted to and stored on Google servers and may be accessed by us.  Google uses this information to help us evaluate how our websites are used. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Third party sites and services you access through our Services may also employ cookies.

Cookies also allow us to see what you may have purchased, either from our Site or through using one of our Services including game play.  We collect information on our online games you have played, and we also track your play within an online game (including online games you may have purchased from a third party website) and purchases that you may make within an online game.   We may send you notifications based on information we learn from cookies, including notifications related to purchasing additional games or products from us.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for third parties set cookies for advertising.

Telltale also collects IP addresses (an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet), for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information internally and to some of our business partners and advertisers and to audit the use of our Sites or Services. When visitors request pages on one of our Sites, our servers log the visitors' IP addresses. We collect log files that record activity on our Sites and gather statistics about visitor’s time and activity on the Sites.  The statistics are generated anonymously, and they help us in connection with marketing and demographic studies as we enhance our Sites.  Telltale does not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. Telltale can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use, to protect our services, Sites or a person or entity. 

We may also use cookies to track postings to online discussions about our Services that are controlled by us.  While you can disable cookies, some areas of our Site or our Services may not function with all available features if you do so.

If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will post a notice prominently on our Sites. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. 

We may share some aggregate data that we learn about users (which is data that does not contain personal information) with third parties. 

### Electronic Newsletter and Subscription to other Updates about Telltale

Telltale offers users the opportunity to sign up to receive the Telltale monthly newsletter as well as news, web, game and press updates related to Telltale (collectively, “Updates”).  Telltale does not guarantee or promise the frequency in which Updates may be sent and reserves the right to discontinue sending Updates at any time.  To sign up for Updates, you must be eligible to register with Telltale and provide your e-mail address, first name, create a password and, at your option, a screen name.

Information collected for Telltale Updates may be transferred, disclosed, or shared with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle the preparation and delivery of the Updates and perform other related technical and processing functions. These third parties may not use it for other purposes and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information. 

Sign-up for Updates is always optional, and users who no longer wish to receive our Updates and communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the email, or you may contact us by post at Telltale, Inc., Attn: Customer Service, PO Box 9737, San Rafael, CA 94912-9737 or by telephone at (415) 258-1648 ext. 200 to opt-out.

**Forums**

At your own discretion, and once you meet certain eligibility requirements, you may choose to post or upload additional facts and material about yourself and your profile, including a biography, birth date (with the year being optional) a profile picture, your location, your interests or your occupation.  Such postings may be made on the “Forums” section of our Site, which are governed by the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.  Such additional facts and material can be entered (or changed) on the “Edit My Profile” section of the Forums.  Telltale’s Forums are used for exchanging information and social networking.  Please note that information, additional facts or any other materials that you post anywhere on our Sites, including any information or materials that you choose to make public on the Forums, will be available for any user to read, and are therefore no longer private.  A third party may disclose any information or materials you choose to post.  Also, information and material that you post could be used by someone to send you unsolicited messages. Once posted, you cannot change or remove any public postings made in our Forums or other message areas (although Telltale reserves the right to remove any such public postings in its sole discretion), and we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information or material you choose to submit. We reserve the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use.

**Personal Information from Third Parties/Social Networking Sites**

Provided that you have first given permission to the applicable third party, Telltale may receive information from third party social networking site, including Facebook and Twitter, related to your accounts on those services.   Information that we collect from those third parties from whom you have given permission may be used by Telltale solely in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Some users who access our Services through a social networking account such as Facebook or through our Site may receive access to special content not available to other users.

We may also collect personal information about you from online distributors of our games such as Steam, Microsoft Xbox LIVE and the Sony Entertainment Network where you play our games on their respective distribution networks.  The information we may receive is personal information related to your account on these respective distribution networks but does not include financial information such as credit card information.  We may store and use the information we receive about you from online distributors of our games and social networks in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**Policy Against Unsolicited Submissions**

As further described in our Terms of Use, please note that Telltale has a policy against accepting unsolicited material, so we ask that you do not submit any unsolicited or unique creative ideas, drawings or other materials to Telltale directly or otherwise in connection with any posts you make to the Forums or in connection with additional facts or material you may provide in any posting on any of our Sites.

**Referring a Friend**

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site or Services, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We may automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site or use the Services. Telltale stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at optout@telltalegames.com to request that we remove this information from our database. 

**Special Promotions, Online Contests and Sweepstakes**

Telltale and its advertisers and/or other business partners may have special online promotions, contests or sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”) which feature products or services related to Telltale’s business activities. For most Promotions, you must be 13 years or older to participate (unless otherwise specified by the promotions’ rules and regulations).  Also, if you are under 18 years of age or otherwise considered a minor, and if you are eligible to participate in a Promotion (including, eligibility for registration with Telltale), you will need your parent’s or guardian’s written consent to collect your prize or receive any benefit to which you may be entitled.  If you have won a prize, we may also collect your physical address and phone number.  For other Promotions, we may request your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail. The specific rules and regulations governing the particular Promotions will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations. 

**Third Party Links**

To provide relevant information not found on our Sites, Telltale may provide links from our Sites to third party websites. We encourage our users to read third party websites' privacy policies before submitting personal information.

**Correspondence With Telltale**

If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on our Sites or Services, we may collect such information into a file which is only accessed by authorized personnel. We may also collect other users' comments about you in our complaints department. 

**Your use of Other Users' Information**

You may not use other users' information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats. Telltale reserves the right to terminate those who misuse other users' information or who otherwise violate the Telltale Terms of Use. 

**Control of Your Password**

You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If, despite the foregoing, you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. 

**Reviewing, Changing or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information**

Once you register, you will be able to review and change much of your personally identifiable information at Telltale including: 

Your email address, password and subscription settings.

Please promptly update your information if it changes by logging in to your account and following the screen prompts. We strongly urge you to periodically change your password to help reduce the risk of unauthorized access to your account information.  We will retain in our files information, including personal information, you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, comply with contest rules and law, comply with industry rules and regulations, enhance security, reduce fraud, comply with federal and state law and to enforce our Terms of Use. 

If you or your child has submitted personal information to us, and you would like to change it or remove it from our records, you have any of the following choices to modify or delete such information from our database: 

• Log in with your password and modify/delete your profile; 

• Send a letter to Telltale, PO Box 9737, San Rafael, CA 94912-9737 

• Call us at (415) 258-1638 extension 200 

This Privacy Policy covers only information that is collected through our Sites, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the Sites. 

Our Sites may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Telltale is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site(s) to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.

If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Privacy Policy Officer

Telltale, Inc.

PO Box 9737

San Rafael, CA 94912-9737

or e-mail us at: privacy@telltalegames.com

**Special Note to Parents and Guardians**

Anyone using the Internet should ensure that their privacy is being protected.  This is especially true for kids under the age of 13 (defined herein as a “child” or, if the reference is to more than on child, then we will refer to “children”).  Telltale is committed to complying fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.  We ask parents and guardians of children to discuss what information should be released on the Internet, especially personal information.  Telltale does not condition a child's participation in any of the activities available on our Sites on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity.

Telltale does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  Note that Telltale may collect personally identifiable information from users of the Sites or Services who are over 13 and under 18, and the collection and retention of this information is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  When a user in the 13-18 year old age category submits personally identifiable information, Telltale may, in accordance with applicable laws or regulations or at Telltale’s discretion, request a parent or guardian's e-mail address to notify the parent or guardian of the activity of the user in this age category. 

In accordance with applicable rules and regulations, or at Telltale’s discretion, some areas of our Sites or Services may not be accessible to anyone under the age of 18, regardless of whether a parent or guardian has provided consent.

**Security**

Telltale has security measures in place to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Telltale uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information such as firewalls. While "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet, our technical experts at Telltale work hard to ensure your secure use of our services. 

**Merger or Acquisition**

While Telltale does not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users (including children under 13) to third parties except as specifically stated in this Privacy Policy, please note that in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Telltale’s customer information (including your personally identifiable information) may be transferred to Telltale’s successors or assigns, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request from companies conducting business in California a list of third parties to which the company may have disclosed personally identifiable information for direct marketing purposes.  Telltale does not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes; however, if you believe Telltale may have shared such information, please feel free to contact Telltale at [privacy@telltalegames.com](mailto:privacy@telltalegames.com) or contact us at the physical address noted above (and provide contact information so that we may respond to you).  Telltale will promptly respond to any requests in accordance with applicable law.

**Safe Harbor Program**

Telltale complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Telltale has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Telltale’s certification, please visit [http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/](https://mex07a.emailsrvr.com/owa/redir.aspx?C=dVt21UzVY0ye45ttTp9WU5LPwJZ2K89Ix_N5A23xkKtQqtBrqKDCruy6-q073gBaOFT8Kkfj6Ys.&URL=http%3a%2f%2fwww.export.gov%2fsafeharbor%2f)

(Revised July 1, 2013)
