> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hwdmediashare.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161021005321id_/https%3A//hwdmediashare.co.uk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Highwood Design Limited ("hwdMediaShare", "we" or "us") provides this Privacy Policy to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from users of our software service and this website (collectively, the "Services" or the "Website") collected via the Website, email, SMS, telephone, WAP or other means. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason, at our sole discretion. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Website. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. By using or accessing the Website or the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy, and you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website and the Services operated by hwdMediaShare, and does not apply to the practices of companies that hwdMediaShare does not own or control, or to individuals that hwdMediaShare does not employ or manage. The Website may contain links to other sites. hwdMediaShare is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at [info@hwdmediashare.co.uk](mailto:info@hwdmediashare.co.uk).

**Who is hwdMediaShare?** hwdMediaShare provides software and other services to businesses ("hwdMediaShare Clients"). You may be visiting our site because you have registered to receive products or services from a hwdMediaShare Client. In connection with your registration, that hwdMediaShare Client may collect certain personally identifiable information from you, which they pass on to us so that we can provide the Services.

**Personal Data:** We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") from you when you voluntarily choose to provide Personal Data to a hwdMediaShare Client who uses the Services. We use the Personal Data that we collect in order to provide and improve our services, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy and in our [Terms of Service](https://hwdmediashare.co.uk/privacy#). Examples of Personal Data we collect include first name, last name, address, email address, telephone number, billing and credit card information, and information regarding your subscription with the applicable hwdMediaShare Client.

**Use of Personal Data:** hwdMediaShare uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, we will use the Personal Data you provide to a hwdMediaShare Client (and that is provided to us) to allow that hwdMediaShare Client to bill you for their products or services on a recurring or subscription basis. In addition, when we receive your Personal Data from a hwdMediaShare Client with whom you have registered, we may use that Personal Data in order to contact you on behalf of that hwdMediaShare Client (via email or otherwise). hwdMediaShare and its affiliates also use your Personal Data and other non-personally-identifiable information collected through the Website to help us improve the content and functionality of the Website, to better understand the users of our Website, and to improve our services.

**Passively Collected Information:** When you interact with us through the Website, we receive and store certain additional non- personally-identifiable information. For example, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, browser type and language, referring/exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, cookie information, the pages you requested and viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time. Except as provided below under "Fraud Prevention," we only use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often users use parts of the Website or Services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many users as possible, and improve our Services. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our users, collectively, use the Website. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use their services and the Website, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. Again, hwdMediaShare never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.

**Fraud Prevention:** As part of our efforts to combat fraud, we record your IP address when you use the Service, and confirm that the geographic location associated with your IP address matches the billing address information provided to us by the applicable hwdMediaShare Client. This process allows us to detect and prevent certain fraudulent transactions from being processed through the Service (for example, a payment request associated with a U.S. billing address, but a non-U.S. IP address, may be declined).

**Aggregated Personal Data:** In an ongoing effort to better understand our users, we may analyze the Personal Data that is provided to the Website in aggregate form. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. [For example: hwdMediaShare may track conversion rates for various transaction forms, and report on the benefits of presenting transaction forms in the native language and currency of the end-customer.]

**Cookies:** In operating this Website, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Website gives to your computer when you access a website. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Website and help us analyze Website usage more accurately. Company cookies do not collect Personal Data, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Data to identify you personally.

Sharing Information: We won’t share your Personal Data with anyone except for the situations listed below or unless we specifically inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of our sharing your Personal Data.

We may share your Personal Data with:

  * Authorized service providers. Our authorized service providers are companies that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analyses, supporting the Website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys or other features we offer. These service providers may have access to your Personal Data to the extent necessary to perform their functions, but we do not allow them to share or use any of your Personal Data for any other purpose.
  * hwdMediaShare affiliates. We may share information we collect, including Personal Data, with hwdMediaShare-owned or affiliated businesses. Sharing information with our affiliates enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you. All hwdMediaShare companies comply with applicable privacy and security laws and, at a minimum, in any commercial email they send to you, will give you the opportunity to choose not to receive such email messages in the future.
  * Protection of hwdMediaShare and others. We may release Personal Data when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention.
  * Other Situations. We also may disclose your information:
    * In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
    * When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the Website’s Terms of Use or other agreements or policies.
    * In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.



Children: The Website and Services are not intended for children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Children aged 13 or older should not submit any personal information without the permission of their parents or guardians. By using the Website and Services, you are representing that you are at least 18, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parents' or guardians’ permission to use Website and our related services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [[info@hwdmediashare.co.uk](mailto:info@hwdmediashare.co.uk)](https://hwdmediashare.co.uk/privacy#).

Security: We take precautions to ensure the security of your Personal Data. However, we cannot guarantee that hackers or unauthorized personnel will not gain access to your Personal Data despite our efforts. You should note that in using the Website and Services, your information will travel through third party infrastructures which are not under our control.

We cannot protect, nor does this Privacy Policy apply to, any information that you transmit to other users of the Website. You should never transmit personal or identifying information to other users.

**Opt-Out Policy:** If, at any time after registering, (i) you change your mind about receiving information from us or about the use of information volunteered by you, (ii) you need to update or modify any Personal Data, or (iii) you have any other questions or concerns regarding privacy at the Website, please send us a request specifying your new choice at [[info@hwdmediashare.co.uk](mailto:info@hwdmediashare.co.uk)](https://hwdmediashare.co.uk/privacy#). We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.

******Communication:** Any inquiry to hwdMediaShare regarding practices outlined in this Privacy Policy or data related matters may be directed to [[info@hwdmediashare.co.uk](mailto:info@hwdmediashare.co.uk)](https://hwdmediashare.co.uk/privacy#).

_Effective Date: December, 2011_
