> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bdresults24.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180121151743id_/https%3A//bdresults24.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Welcome and thank to you for visiting our website ([ **BD Results 24**](https://bdresults24.com/)). The protection of your privacy when you use our website and it is very important to us. All of you have to follow and read our Privacy Policy before to use. The publisher takes the protection of your personal data and information very sincerely. Your data or information will be protected under the law.

Our website is given all information for benefit of visitors. You can visit our website without disclosing your information to us. Every access and collection of all information to our website and each download of a file on the website is logged in our local server. The storage serves internal system-related and statistical purposes and internet marketing. Be recorded: the name of the Internet service provider, the website from which you are visiting us and the pages that you visit, the name of the file, date and day, time, amount of data transferred, notification of successful download file or data, web browser, accessing domain and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the requesting computer. You as a user, remain anonymous.

**Information collection:**

We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also keep your information like your browser name, operating system name and IP address.

We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address. With your permission, we may also access other personal information on your device, such as your phone book, calendar or messages, in order to provide services to you. If authorized by you, we may also access profile and other information from services like Facebook.

**Security of personal data:**

We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.

**Cookies:**

We use cookies to optimize the delivery of advertising on the websites they are visit. Please note that it’s not possible in any case to include your full name, contact address or other personal details, either from your community center, the cookies used on your interests or not. You can of course still use BD Results 24, if you have disallowed the use of cookies in your browser settings. To post comments or give suggestion and contribute in voting, you must also accept the use of cookies.

Google Analytics:

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) Google Analytics uses “cookies” which are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of our website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your anonymous IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. With the stored details information from Google evaluates the use of the website visited and reports created on website activity for website operators. Google may also move this information to third parties unless required by law, or where such third parties process these data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; those browser you have to used, we point out, and that in this case you may not be able to use all features of this website in full. By using this website you agree to the processing of the data collected by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose.

**External Links:**

Our website contains links to other websites such as any official website. You will find links on our pages that refer to pages of third (3rd) parties. The publisher Nuremberg press has no influence on whether their operators comply with the data protection regulations.

**Use of Social Plugins:**

Bdresults24.com used so-called social plugins of the social network facebook.com, recordable as the; Like button and share buttion. Facebook.com is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The plugins are marked with the Facebook logo.

When you visit a page of BD Results 24 which contains such features, your browser to establishes a direct connection to the servers of Facebook for Like and share button. Certain data available in the user’s Web browser from the computer of the user are transmitted to Facebook and Facebook sent back content. The contents are moved by Facebook directly to your browser which embeds the latter into the website. Bdresults24.com has no influence on the amount of data that Facebook collects with this plugin.

**Users should know:**

Our privacy policy may change from day by day. If we make any substance changes to our privacy policies, we will place a important notice on our website or application and as well as our facebook fan page.

**Further information and contacts:**

The rapid development of the internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy notice required. We will always notify to you here what’s new information here. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies or us, please [**Contact Us**](https://bdresults24.com/contact/) or **bdresults24.com@gmail.com**.
