> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the todayfm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140517132122id_/http%3A//www.todayfm.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Today FM

### **Section 1 - Introduction**

We at todayfm.com respect the right to personal privacy and our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website, or as a registered user. If you are not happy with this Website Privacy Statement you should not use this website. 

By visiting this website you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy statements of these other websites. 

### **Section 2 - Types of Information Collected**

We retain two types of information:

"Personal Data"

This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and includes information such as your name, address, sex, email address, birth date and phone number. While information such as name and email address is mandatory (we need it to provide you with the service), the rest is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us. 

"Non-Personal Data"

Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. Like all websites, our servers automatically record ‘log files’ containing information about the volume and characteristics of our website traffic e.g. IP address, numbers of pages viewed, length of time spent on site. We use log files to build pictures of how our site is used that help us to monitor and improve the service. We cannot identify you from your log files.

**Cookies  **

This website uses "cookie" technology. A cookie is a little piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server - our cookies are not available to other websites. The information generated by the cookie relates to information about your use of todayfm.com e.g it will record the number of user sessions on the site and track the number of users who return to the site.  By using todayfm.com, you consent to our use of cookies.  You are, however, always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.

### **Section 3 - Purposes for which we hold your Information  **

**Non-Personal Data**

We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website. 

**Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Personal Data**

We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:

(a) to respond to any queries you submit to us;

(b) where you have consented to the sharing of your information with third parties, we will do so in accordance with Section 4 below;

(c) to seek your views on our site and our services;

(d) to send you newsletters or other forms of communication that you register for. 

### **Section 4 - Disclosure of Information to Third Parties**

We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our website, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services (including website tracking services), commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.

We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil a service you have requested (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). Any third party we disclose the information to will use it for the purposes of delivering the service in question unless you have agreed otherwise.

We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement. 

### **Section 5 - Security**

Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our Internet Service Provider. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data. 

### **Section 6 - Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data**

You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. We will not hold your Personal Data any longer than is necessary for functions associated with this website. We will review our databases on a periodic basis, and shall delete data that is outdated, inaccurate, or no longer necessary. Todayfm.com reserves the right to contact users in this regard. 

### **Section 7 - Changes to the Website Privacy Policy**

Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.

Any queries or comments about this policy should be forwarded to: online@todayfm.com.

Please note that any site that you may connect to from here is not covered by this Privacy Policy.

### **Section 8 - Mobile Application Privacy Policy   (updated December 2012)**

This privacy policy governs your use of a software application “Today FM App” on a mobile device that was created by “Communicorp Digital”  This section explains how Communicorp Digital processes information about you which is personally identifiable ("your information") when you use the Today FM Application.

Communicorp Digital is registered as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. If you have any queries about how we use Your Information or have a complaint, please contact us.

**The Application includes:**

  * Integrated Facebook: Login to Facebook and chat to friends within the App while listening to TODAY FM
  * Podcasts
  * Listen Back 7 day service
  * Today FM Twitter Feed



**Mobile Advertising:**

Advertisements track whether there has been an engagement with the advert. However, it does not track it down to individual level. In the case of certain adverts such as iPolls the ad will track whether your mobile device was previously used to vote in the iPoll. It does not track which way you voted.

**Data capture in mobile:**

The data to be collected for advertisements featuring competitions is defined by the advertiser. The competition entry form will clearly identify the information that is required from you for that competition. It is the user’s decision to supply the information and determine whether you wish to proceed with your entry into the competition. Full terms and conditions applying to the competition and the capture of your data will be displayed on the competition entry form.

**User Provided Information**

The rich social features of the application require the use of a large set of Facebook functionality. The application seeks your consent to access and use your information from Facebook using the standard mandatory Facebook authorization process.

When entering a Competition within the Application you may be asked to provide all/any of the following:

  * Name
  * Email Address
  * Telephone No.
  * Postal Address
  * Age where legally required i.e. Alcohol brand
  * Automatically Collected Information



In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as:

  * Type of mobile device you use
  * Your mobile devices unique app installation ID
  * IP address of your mobile device
  * Your mobile operating system,
  * Type of mobile Internet browsers you use
  * Information about the way you use the Application or analytics



Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device? This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application? Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

To any suppliers and subcontractors in order to fulfil the service

If we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply the User Terms as applicable and other agreements;

To third parties for marketing purposes only where you have consented to this.

If Communicorp Digital is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information

This Application is free and supported via advertising, and collects data to help the Application serve ads e.g. whether you are using an iOS or Android device

**Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information**

We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us here and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.

**Access to your information and corrections**

You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of such information, please contact us. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate by contacting us. We hope you will be happy with the way we handle your information but if not you have the right to complain to the Office of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner - for more information visit www.DataProtection.ie.

**Security**

Communicorp Digital is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorised employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

**Your Consent**

By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Republic of Ireland (ROI). If you reside outside the ROI your information will be transferred to the ROI, and processed and stored there under the ROI privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the ROI.

**Contact us**

If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;

Any other information provided by you pursuant to your use of the Today FM Application.

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us here.

* * *
