> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the todayarticles.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230225817id_/http%3A//www.todayarticles.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Today Articles

**Your Privacy**  
We takes your privacy seriously and your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for TodayArticles.net 

**Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie**  
Any advertisements served by Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, affiliated companies maybe uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.

To find out more about To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ads and content network privacy policy at the following url <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.

Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, TodayArticles.net has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies. 

**Our Commitment To Childrens Privacy**  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, TodayArticles.net will never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.  
Under our Terms of Service, children under 18 are not allowed to access our service. 

**Collection of Personal Information**  
All web servers track basic information about their visitors when visiting TodayArticles.net, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

**Links to third party Websites**  
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy Statement**  
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. We reserves the right to change this policy at any time.

If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of TodayArticles.net then you may contact us at admin@todayarticles.net. 

This privacy policy was generated by the [Easy Privacy Policy](http://europeancruiseadvisor.com/ "Easy Privacy Policy homepage") plugin for WordPress.

Last updated Tue, 13 Oct 2009 05:09
