> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the proactiv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190307184655id_/https%3A//www.proactiv.com/en_us/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Proactiv Company | Proactiv Privacy Policy | Proactiv®

This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 29, 2017.

The Proactiv Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”), has created this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to this website (the “Website”). In order to use the Website, you must be (a) 18 years or older; or (b) 13 years or older and have your parent or guardian's consent to the Agreement. By using the Website, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy, as modified from time to time by us. Therefore, you should carefully review this policy so you understand our privacy practices.

### Information Collection

We collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) about you via our Website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service, or information. In addition, if using a mobile device to access the Website, we collect the device’s Unique Device Identifier which may be considered Personal Information. In general, you may browse our Website without providing any Personal Information other than the Unique Device Identifier when using a mobile device. However, if, for example, you decide to place an order, we will ask you for Personal Information such as your name, delivery and billing address, phone number(s), email address, credit card number and its expiration date. If you choose to complete a user registration form, survey, sweepstakes or contest entry form, we may ask you for information such as your contact information (e.g., name, e-mail address and mailing address), age group or birth date. You can change or update your Personal Information on the Website by changing your account information. Occasionally, we may also ask you for other information such as gender, income level, and information about your prior experiences with the Company's products. When you submit your Personal Information to the Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set forth in the Policy.

We may also collect, store or accumulate certain aggregate, non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular, your IP address, browser type such as Internet Explorer®, Safari®, Chrome®, etc., city, time zone, referring URL, and operating system such as Windows®, Mac®, iOS® or Android®. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics, developing marketing plans, customizing content, and improving the Website. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.

**Children's Privacy Policy** We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at [unsubscribe@proactiv.com](mailto:unsubscribe@proactiv.com) if they want this information deleted from our files so that it is not in retrievable form. If we otherwise obtain knowledge that we have personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files so that it is not retrievable.

### Use/Disclosure of Personal Information

The Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries may use the Personal Information that you provide to fulfill your request for a product, information, or other service, or respond to an email or other request, as well as to create and deliver to you our newsletters or surveys, email and postal mail marketing communications containing product information, usage tips or promotions, help improve our Website or services, or customize visitors' experience at our Website. The Company may also make your name, email address, mailing address and/or telephone number available to carefully selected business partners, vendors and other third party organizations to provide you with information about products, services and special offers we think may interest you or to improve our products, services and advertising. Many of our users find this a valuable and time-saving service.

We want to communicate with you via email and/or postal mail correspondence only if you want to hear from us. If for any reason you would no longer like to receive email and/or postal mail messages from the Company, you can [click here](http://www.optout-qqmh.net/o-gmpt-n05-442bd65b0679158f6759b9da9ac01f82cof) to remove yourself. In addition, if you do not want us to share your personal information with third party organizations, you can email us at [unsubscribe@proactiv.com](mailto:unsubscribe@proactiv.com) to remove yourself. Please allow up to 10 days for us to process your request. 

Please note, if you opt not to receive marketing emails from the Company, you may still receive "Transactional" email or postal mail correspondence regarding your order (i.e. order confirmation, shipping information, customer service notifications, etc.) If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us at [unsubscribe@proactiv.com](mailto:unsubscribe@proactiv.com). We may contract with third party companies or individuals to provide certain services including email and hosting services, credit card processing, shipping, data management, surveys and marketing, promotional services, to assist in preventing or deterring fraud, etc. We call them our “Service Providers.” We may share Personal Information with Service Providers solely as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose.

We do not share your credit card information with unaffiliated third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or if it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service that you order.

The Company in its sole discretion may disclose Personal Information in certain circumstances: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may cause injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the legal rights of the Company or the Website, or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, including compliance with legal process served on the Company; and (3) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person or entity.

### Business Transfers

Information about our users, customers, and the Website is one of our most important business assets. Therefore, such information, including Personal Information, may be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business, or the sale or pledge of Company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which Personal Information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the Company. 

### Ensuring Your Security

We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced security protocol that protects your credit card information and ensures secure online ordering. SSL Internet connections are encrypted, and thus protect all credit card ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number, so it cannot be read in transit. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information. Please note, however, that although we employ industry-standard security measures to safeguard the security of your personal information, no transmissions made on or through the Internet are guaranteed to be secure.

### Safe Shopping Policy

Our policy is that you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping on one of our Website. It is our understanding that under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

### Technology Utilized

Like many e-commerce websites, we employ several commonly used technologies on this Website such as: cookies, clear gifs, networking traffic monitoring and active scripting. We use these to monitor the performance of the Website, measure its effectiveness, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our Website and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. In addition, we may outsource these tasks to third parties; however, the third parties may not use or disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose.

"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent this. However, if you disable cookies, you may be unable to order products or use other features of our Website and you may have less than a satisfactory experience.

"Clear gifs" (also known as "web beacons" or “pixel tag”) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to help us monitor activity on our Website and better optimize our advertising.

"Network traffic monitoring" is programming that monitors and analyzes network traffic, and can be used to capture data being transmitted on a network, including plain-text data and computer IP addresses.

"Active scripting" is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Website, such as which links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or mobile device from our server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Website, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

We may combine automatically collected aggregate information with your Personal Information. In those cases, we will apply this Policy to the combined information.

### Do Not Track Signals

Some web browsers are developing or offering signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., a "Do Not Track" ("DNT") signal). A DNT signal is a HTTP header field indicating your preference regarding tracking or cross-site user tracking. We do not monitor or take any action with respect to DNT signals.

### Ads and Information About You

We may work with third parties, such as network advertisers and ad exchanges that use tracking technologies on our Website in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and/or on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet and we may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party sites and viewing of ads and of our content. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements, which may be based on your activities (including past visits to our Website) across the Internet and mobile media (“Behavioral Ads”). Behavioral Ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which we believe you might be interested. If you object to receiving Behavioral Ads from us on third party sites, you can learn more about your ability to limit Behavioral Ads below. Our third party ad network and exchange providers, the advertisers and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own technologies on your device and track certain behavioral usage information via a device identifier. These third party technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements; and (c) understand the usefulness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you.

Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third parties or the use of the information that such third parties collect. We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice. We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties.

Further, while sites use a variety of companies to serve advertisements, you may wish to visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>, which provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members. Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver Behavioral Ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, your NAI opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. You may also opt-out of receiving Behavioral Ads on participating sites and services by visiting the [Digital Advertising Alliance ](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) (“DAA”) website (or if located in the European Union [click here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)). Similar limitations may apply to the DAA opt-out. We are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options or programs. 

### External Links

Our Website may offer links to and from other third party sites. We are not responsible for the content or information on those websites. In addition, other websites have their own privacy policies. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. For example, you may have linked to the Company’s Website through a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases the site you have linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. Please refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use your information.

### International Users

Like almost every website, our Website may be accessed by an international audience. By visiting our Website and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information may be processed for the purposes identified in this policy. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and in jurisdictions which may have less stringent privacy practices than your own. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.

### Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Company who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding twelve calendar months. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to

The Proactiv Company LLC  
General Counsel  
100 N. Sepulveda Blvd., Suite 1400  
El Segundo, CA 90245  
Attn: California Privacy Rights

### Notification of Changes

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and with regard to information we collect from you in the future. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of our Website.
