> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the processlibrary.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626040048id_/http%3A//www.processlibrary.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ProcessLibrary.com - Privacy Policy

In general, you can visit the Uniblue website (the 'Website') without telling us who you are or giving any personal information about you. Information which you provide may be used to fulfil your requests for our products or services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to offer you other products, services or provide information that we believe may be of interest to you, to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our Website, for the purpose for which you provided the information and/or for the reasons specific to the type of collection of information. We may also collect and store certain types of data as described in more detail below.

**Cookies and Web Beacons** \- When you visit our Website, we or our service providers, advertisers or partners, may send one or more cookies to your computer or use web beacons to improve the quality of our service by analyzing traffic pattern, tracking user trends and conducting optional research surveys. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser and a web beacon is a single pixel or clear GIF which are small pieces of code placed on a web page. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies and similar technologies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Web beacons may also be disabled by disabling JavaScript on your computer. However, alteration of such settings may affect the functionality of our website. 

**Log information** \- When you visit our Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies as explained above. 

**Electronic notices** \- We may provide you with information and notices regarding the Uniblue products, surveys or other information which may be of use or interest to You, via the email address you designate in the payment process or when you sign up for our newsletter. You may withdraw your consent for promotional emails at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of each notice sent. We may also send you transactional, technical or other service notifications from time to time. These messages are sent only to individuals who have purchased our products or services and are essential to maintain the functionality of same, so there is no opt-out available for this type of notifications. 

**Uniblue Products** \- Whilst in use, the Uniblue product may collect some information from your computer (e.g. frequency of use, system name, windows version and browser type, IP address, installed devices and date of installation). We will only use this information to improve our products and services. When you purchase a Uniblue product from this website, you will be required to provide personal information (including your credit card details) to our trusted billing merchant. Information you provide to our billing merchant will be processed in accordance with its privacy policy and you are therefore advised to review such policy prior to purchase. Uniblue will have access to all details on the purchase, excluding your credit card or other payment details, for authentication of license, statistical, notification and support related services. You may also access your purchase details remotely by submitting a request on our Support Website. 

We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. You are therefore kindly requested to inform us of any change referring to your personal data held by us. You have the right to access the personal information that we may hold about you, to rectify this data or object to the storage of the data for legitimate purposes by contacting us at http://www.uniblue.com/support/ticket/. 
