> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the prodigy.net privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020603151705id_/http%3A//www.prodigy.net/about/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Prodigy

**Safeguarding Privacy**

Your privacy is very important to Prodigy Communications L.P. ("Prodigy"). This Prodigy Internet Privacy Policy spells out Prodigy's commitment to respecting the privacy of Prodigy Internet members and visitors. Prodigy reserves the right to change this policy, and we will notify you of any changes.

+  **Collection of Information on Our Members and/or Authenticated Users**  
    + Personally Identifiable Information  
    + Aggregate Information  
    + Collection of Information on Our Visitors  
+  **A Special Note Concerning Privacy and Children Online**  
    + Chat, Newsgroups, Bulletin Boards, and Kids  
    + How Parents Can Reduce the Risks  
    + Guidelines for Parents  
    + Cyber Patrol® software  
    + Recreational Software Advisory Council Ratings  
+  **Third-Party Provider Content**  
+  **Contact Information** **Collection of Information on Our Members and/or Authenticated Users**  
Collection of information is usually grouped into two categories: personally identifiable information and so-called "aggregate" information. Personally identifiable information is any information in Prodigy's possession that is associated with a specific Member (such as a name or address) and information we collect about how individual Members use Prodigy Internet (such as the fact that a Member visits sports pages, or has purchased merchandise through Prodigy Internet.) It does not include aggregate information, which is general demographic information (such as the total number of Members who are more than 35 years old), or information which a Member has made public on Prodigy Internet.

> **Personally Identifiable Information**  
>  Prodigy uses personal information only for the following purposes:  
> 
> 
>   1. to process requests and orders placed with advertisers, merchants and service providers on Prodigy Internet;
>   2. to personalize Prodigy Internet based on Members' interests, including making Members aware of editorial features, advertisements, and commercial offerings that may be of interest;
>   3. to communicate with Members, including promoting Prodigy Internet;
>   4. to register a Member for a contest or sweepstakes and to administer or make related offers from the same;
>   5. to serve Members when they have questions or problems;
>   6. to perform normal business operations, such as billing, collection, and accounting; and
>   7. to investigate complaints and protect Prodigy Internet and its Members, in compliance with the law, the Prodigy Internet Member Agreement, Interactive Features Guidelines and Prodigy Internet policies.
> 

> 
> From time to time, we'll make our membership list available to carefully selected outside organizations. Prodigy may also send approved commercial communications to Members on behalf of outside parties. If you do not want your name, address, e-mail address or other personal information to be provided for such purposes, indicate your intent by going to [Member Preferences](http://members.prodigy.net/ListRental/listrental_index.html) and choosing to opt out. Prodigy respects the privacy of personal files in Members' computers. Prodigy does not access, read, upload or store data contained in or derived from private files without the Member's authorization. Once a Member gives us that authorization, Prodigy may from time to time record information about your computer, communications equipment, browser type and version number, mail application, and operating system software (but no other non-Prodigy software). Prodigy will use this information on an individually-identifiable basis only to:
> 
>   * analyze how current or future Prodigy Internet features may operate on your equipment;
>   * monitor or improve the performance of Prodigy Internet software on your equipment; or
>   * tell you about enhancements and offerings that may become available (such as memory or equipment upgrades).
> 
Your authorization also allows Prodigy to provide you with consistently fast and reliable network access by sending diagnostic data about your computer and your connections with Prodigy Internet. Such data includes call failure data, communications bit rate, local access number used, version numbers, and modem type. Prodigy will use this information to evaluate and improve the quality of your connections.  
>  Prodigy uses strict procedures and safeguards designed to protect the privacy of all personal information. All Prodigy employees with access to personal information are required to follow specific practices concerning its proper handling. Prodigy's employees never inspect or disclose to others the contents of these private messages except with the specific consent of the sender or recipient, or as specifically authorized or required by law.  
>  Prodigy complies in all respects with the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, as amended, ("ECPA"). Subject to the subpoena, warrant, consent, and court order provisions of ECPA, Prodigy Internet must provide Member information and/or Internet communications to the proper authorities Prodigy may establish time limits and/or other criteria under which private e-mail will be automatically removed from your online mailbox. Prodigy has no responsibility to retain or deliver private e-mail that is located in a Member's online mailbox at the time of that Member's suspension or termination, or that is addressed to such Member thereafter. More information on your e-mail account, including information on the e-mail blocking and filtering devices Prodigy offers, can be found at <http://help.prodigy.net/help/email/>. **Aggregate Information**  
>  Prodigy tracks the total number of visitors to each of our pages within Prodigy Internet in an aggregate form to allow us to update and improve our sites. Personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. Prodigy may use or disclose aggregated (not personally identifiable) information for any purpose. 
> 
> Prodigy and its advertisers may also use small pieces of code called 'clear GIFs' or 'web beacons' to collect advertising metrics in an aggregate form, such as counting page views, promotional effectiveness or advertising responses. These statistics are collected in aggregate and are anonymous, never revealing individual usage patterns. 
> 
> On a limited basis, we use "cookie" technology. Cookies are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Our servers then use these cookies to make your sessions easier by saving your preferences while you are on Prodigy Internet pages. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them almost everywhere on the Internet. There are two cookies used throughout Prodigy Internet pages. The first Prodigy Internet cookie allows Prodigy to know who the Member is and that he or she properly authenticated into our network. This cookie information can be used to retrieve personal information needed during the Member session, for example, to build your customized pages. The second cookie is an "advertising" cookie that Prodigy uses to keep track of the ads the Member has seen. Prodigy tracks which ads have been viewed, and we tie it to Members' demographic data, but not to personally identifiable information. Remember, this describes cookie usage ONLY on Prodigy Internet sites. Prodigy has no control over the use of cookies by other Internet sites and their owners.  
>  If a Member enters our pages from the site of one of Prodigy's partners, our system will recognize the path the visitor has taken. Such partners are companies such as computer or modem manufacturers with whom Prodigy engages in promotional deals. The benefits of these deals are often passed on to Prodigy Internet Members.

  
**Collection of Information on Our "Visitors"**

A visitor is defined as a user of our site who is neither a current member nor authenticated user. You will receive a similar experience to our members and authenticated users with the exception of being provided a personalized experience and access to certain member information and services. As a leading Internet service provider, Prodigy is committed to respecting the privacy of all our visitors to [www.prodigy.com](http://www.prodigy.com/) and [www.prodigy.net](http://www.prodigy.net/). Although we track the total number of visitors to our sites in an aggregate form to allow us to update and improve our sites, personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. If a visitor enters our site from the site of one of Prodigy's partners, our system will recognize the path the visitor has taken. 

Prodigy only collects personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and the like, when voluntarily submitted by a visitor who requests that Prodigy software be sent to him or her, either through a download or through a land carrier. The information we collect is used by us to follow up on these orders and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings of our software. 

Prodigy will respond to visitors who send us e-mail to particular addresses, for example, regarding advertising, partnering, or employment opportunities. Prodigy will use the information submitted in those e-mails only to respond to the purpose specified by the sender. 

Prodigy does not sell or release any information gathered on visitors on [www.prodigy.com](http://www.prodigy.com/) or [www.prodigy.net](http://www.prodigy.net/) to any third parties except in instances where users submit resumes for consideration of employment. We use third parties to parse, collate, scan, store, and format this information in order for Prodigy to manage and analyze resume information. All information gathered here will be used only by Prodigy, for internal marketing analysis, to improve our products, services, websites, and to facilitate the hiring of employees. 

**A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY**  
Prodigy asks that visitors, providing us personally identifiable information, be 18 years of age or older. Prodigy believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from Prodigy, online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. Please instruct your children not to give us their name, address or e-mail address, sign up to receive our software, or provide any other personal information to anyone without your permission. For additional information about parental control tools, please consult the Privacy Action section of the Direct Marketing Association's website ([www.the-dma.org](http://www.the-dma.org/)). 

**A Special Note Concerning Privacy and Children Online**  
Members of Prodigy Internet are required to be 18 years of age or older. In fact, you confirmed that you were 18 or older when you enrolled in Prodigy Internet. However, Members may want to allow their children to use Prodigy Internet to access the Internet. Although the Internet offers a wealth of information and exciting opportunities to explore, some of its content may not be suitable for children. Understandably, as the popularity of the Internet has grown, so have concerns among parents. Prodigy believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and Prodigy suggests that they consider using parental control tools available from Prodigy, such as Cyber Patrol, and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly online environment.  
**Please instruct your children not to give us their name, address or e-mail address, or provide any personal information to anyone without your permission.** It may also be wise to carefully note all the people with whom your child frequently corresponds over the Internet or on any online service. 

> **Chat, Newsgroups, Bulletin Boards and Kids**  
>  Chat, newsgroups, and bulletin boards offer children and parents alike the unique opportunity to make friends and talk to people all over the world. Please remember, though, that these interactive features are just like other public places where strangers meet. If you allow your children to access interactive features, please remind them of the dangers involved when corresponding or communicating with strangers or new acquaintances on the Internet (especially in Chat and Newsgroups, as well as when using e-mail).  
>  We strongly recommend that you supervise your children's activities on these areas as you would in any public area. You should help your children understand that people they do not know will be reading their notes. They should be careful when choosing what to post (particularly information about themselves), as well as when choosing the people with whom they correspond. Also, only you, as a parent, can establish which topics and individual notes are appropriate for your family, just as you would for television programs or movies.  
>  Children and teenagers get a lot of benefit from being online, but they can also be targets of crime and exploitation in this as in any other environment. Trusting, curious, and anxious to explore this new world and the relationships it brings, children and teenagers need parental supervision and common sense advice to ensure that their experiences in "cyberspace" are happy, healthy, and productive. 
> 
> **How Parents Can Reduce the Risks**  
>  Take advantage of Prodigy's offer of Cyber Patrol, which we talk about below. Also, to further restrict your child's access to discussions, forums, or bulletin boards that contain inappropriate material, some Internet sites and private bulletin boards have systems in place for parents to block out parts of the sites that they feel are inappropriate for their children. If you are concerned, you should contact the site find out how you can add these restrictions to any accounts that your children can access.  
>  The Internet and some private bulletin boards contain areas designed specifically for adults who wish to post, view, or read sexually explicit material. Most private bulletin board operators who post such material limit access only to people who attest that they are adults but, like any other safeguards, be aware that there are always going to be cases where adults fail to enforce them or children find ways around them. The best way to ensure that your children are having positive online experiences is to stay in touch with what they are doing. One way to do this is to spend time with your children while they're online. Have them show you what they do and ask them to teach you how to access the sites. While children and teenagers need a certain amount of privacy, they also need parental involvement and supervision in their daily lives. The same general parenting skills that apply to the "real world" also apply while online.  
>  If you have cause for concern about your children's online activities, talk to them. Also seek out the advice and counsel of other computer users in your area and become familiar with literature on Cyber Patrol and other filtering devices. Open communication with your children, utilization of such computer resources, and getting online yourself will help you obtain the full benefits of these devices and alert you to any potential problem that may occur with their use. 
> 
> **Guidelines for Parents**  
>  By taking responsibility for their children's online computer use, parents can greatly minimize the potential risks. Make it a family rule to: 
> 
>   * Never give out identifying information - home address, school name, or telephone number - in a public message such as chat or bulletin boards, and be sure you are dealing with someone that both you and your child know and trust before giving it out via e-mail. Think carefully before revealing any personal information such as age, marital status, or financial information. Consider using a pseudonym or unlisting your child's name from Internet sites in which they participate.
>   * Consider keeping the computer in a family room rather than the child's bedroom. Be sure to make this a family activity. Get to know their "online friends" just as you get to know all of their other friends.
>   * Get to know the Internet sites your child uses. If you don't know how to get to them, get your child to show you. Find out what types of information it offers and whether there are ways for parents to block out objectionable material.
>   * Never allow a child to arrange a face-to-face meeting with another computer user without parental permission. If a meeting is arranged, make the first one in a public spot, and be sure to accompany your child.
>   * Never respond to messages or bulletin board items that are suggestive, obscene, belligerent, threatening, or make you feel uncomfortable. Encourage your children to tell you if they encounter such messages. If you or your child receives a message that is harassing, or of a sexual nature, or threatening, alert the appropriate law enforcement agency. You may also send an alert to Prodigy if the message is from another Prodigy Internet Member, or to the online service from which the message originated.
>   * Should you become aware of the transmission, use, or viewing of child pornography while online, immediately report this to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children by calling 1-800-843-5678.
>   * Remember that people online may not be who they seem. Because you can't see or even hear the person, it is easy for someone to misrepresent him- or herself. Thus, someone indicating that "she" is a "12-year-old girl" could really be a 40-year-old man.
>   * Remember that everything you read online may not be true. Any offer that's "too good to be true" probably is. Be very careful about any offers that involve your coming to a meeting or having someone visit your house.
>   * Set reasonable rules and guidelines for computer use by your children. Discuss these rules and post them near the computer as a reminder. Remember to monitor their compliance with these rules, especially when it comes to the amount of time your children spend on the computer. A child or teenager's excessive use of the interactive features of the Internet, especially late at night, may be a clue that there is a potential problem.
> 
**Cyber Patrol® Software**  
>  To respond to the concerns of our Members, Prodigy offers Cyber Patrol, which is easy-to-use filtering software from Microsystems Software, Inc. Cyber Patrol allows you to control which features on the Internet and on your computer are not suitable and are off-limits to your children. These features can include Chat, Newsgroups, the World Wide Web, FTP and gopher sites, and even specific programs on your hard drive, such as games or your financial software. You have the option either to totally restrict access to these features, or set limitations to the kinds of features your children can see. Cyber Patrol loads during Windows start-up and runs in the background. It's password-protected so inquisitive youngsters can't change your settings or disable the program.  
>  Cyber Patrol continually researches Internet content to develop a list of areas it considers inappropriate for children. This CyberNot Block List® is organized by categories such as violence, nudity, sex, etc. To block access, parents simply select the categories of content they feel are unsuitable for their children. They can also add sites not already on the CyberNot list, right down to the directory or page level. So, if one particular area of a site isn't suitable for children, parents can block access to just that area. Likewise, they can allow access to a site that is on the CyberNot list. All Cyber Patrol settings are per machine, rather than per user, but settings can be unlocked with a password so that adult family members are not restricted. Cyber Patrol also allows you to restrict your children's Internet access to certain times of the day, and limit the total number of hours spent on the Net per day or per week -- a great way to manage your family's budget and preferences for online activities.  
>  Cyber Patrol is available for download at the [Enhancements & Upgrades](http://help.prodigy.net/help/enhance/) site. Download and install instructions are included. In addition to Cyber Patrol, parents may take advantage of e-mail filters that are available from Prodigy. Go to [http://help.prodigy.net/help/email/](http://help.prodigy.net/help/email/index.html) for information. 
> 
> **Recreational Software Advisory Council Ratings**  
>  Certain Web Sites are registered with the Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC). This organization provides Web surfers with information about the suitability of Internet content for themselves and their families. If the site is not registered or does not fit the categories selected by certain visitors who use the RSAC product on their computers, those visitors will not be able to access that site. (Please note that the RSAC software functions only with Microsoft® Internet Explorer™ browser. If you are using another browser, look at your browser's help area to find out more information about content suitability ratings.) RSAC may be used for rating Web sites only and does not rate Newsgroups, Chat, File Libraries, etc. Parts of this section were adapted from "Child Safety on the Information Highway," which was written by Lawrence J. Magid, a syndicated columnist for the Los Angeles Times who is author of Cruising Online: Larry Magid's Guide to the New Digital Highway (Random House, 1994) and The Little PC Book (Peachpit Press 1993) and was jointly produced by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the Interactive Services Association (8403 Colesville Road, Suite 865, Silver Spring, MD 20910). 

  
**Third-Party Provider Content**  
Please keep in mind that some of the bulletin boards, chat areas, and newsgroups on Prodigy Internet pages are controlled and operated by a third party, not by Prodigy. Because of this, remember that when you use these interactive features, that you may not just be speaking with Prodigy Internet Members, but with anyone on the Internet. Some third party content is not protected behind a Prodigy Internet firewall, that is, it is not proprietary to Prodigy Internet, and is therefore open to anyone to participate. The search engine technology automatically produces search results that reference sites and information located worldwide throughout the Internet. Because neither Prodigy nor the third party service provider has control over such sites and information, there are no guarantees as to such sites and information, including as to:  


  * the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of any such sites and information, or
  * whether a search may locate unintended and objectionable content.

Because some of the content on the Internet consists of material that is adult-oriented or otherwise objectionable to some people, the results of your search may automatically and unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable material. Prodigy has no control over, and can make no claim that such surprises will not occur. Computerized search technology does not give you search results limited to only the hits that you were seeking. There may be extraneous hits as well.  
There may be extraneous hits as well. Prodigy recommends that to avoid any such surprises, you take advantage of the access controls that Prodigy offers, as we discuss above, and be diligent in your supervision of any children you allow to use Prodigy Internet. 

**Contact Information**  
For answers to specific concerns regarding privacy that are not addressed here, see our [Contact Us](http://myhome.prodigy.net/about/company_contact/index.html) and [Report Violations](http://help.prodigy.net/help/legal/violations.html) sites. These sites provide information on whom and how to contact us at Prodigy. 

+  **[Send this page to my inbox for easy reference later](mailto:?body=http://help.prodigy.net/help/legal/privacy.html)**
