> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the producttestpanel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071224042527id_/http%3A//producttestpanel.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

|   | 

THE CRC PRODUCT TEST PANEL PRIVACY POLICY  
Last Modified August 24, 2007

  Consumer Research Corporation (CRC) is solely responsible for the administration of this membership incentive offer and product testing program. The owners of trademarked names and merchandise used in our promotions do not sponsor and have not endorsed this promotion or product testing program, nor are they affiliated with the Consumer Research Corporation in any way. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners with all rights reserved

  To become a ProductTestPanel.com member and participate in its membership incentive promotion, you must be at least 18 years old and a legal resident of the United States with a valid email and mailing address. If you do not meet these requirements, we ask that you do not complete the registration process. 

  
   
What Information We Collect/How We Use ItWe store and use the information you give us in accordance with the terms of this Policy. Our registration form requests that you provide certain contact and profile information (like your name, e-mail address, postal address, and phone number). Some of the requested information is required in order to receive CRC Services including products to test; other information is optional. The required information is indicated as such on the registration pages of the ProductTestPanel.com Web Site. Depending on the specific CRC Services for which a user registers, certain category specific information will be requested. We use this additional data to personalize the delivery of CRC services to you. By obtaining and using this information, we can provide you with the most timely, relevant and individualized service according to your preferences and interests.Other than the information we require in order to provide one or more CRC Services to you, you do not have to provide any further information. But your election to withhold certain information may limit our ability to deliver a full array of services to you.

  Additionally, we may receive information about you from outside sources and add it to your CRC membership information. We do this to improve personalization of our services (for example, providing better newsletter content, advertising or special offers that we think will interest you).

  We also collect information such as the identification of the server your computer is logged onto and whether you responded to e-mail messages delivered to you on our behalf. We also may compare our member list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending identical messages to our members. You can add and modify any of the information you have provided by following the instructions set forth below.

  We use all of this information in the following ways:

1.   to provide you with personalized marketing information via electronic delivery and/or direct mail;   
2.   to send you targeted advertising via electronic delivery and/or direct mail;   
3.   to contact you for feedback and surveys via electronic delivery and/or direct mail;   
4.   to send you general and administrative information about your CRC membership via electronic delivery and/or direct mail;   
5.   to provide your contact information to CRC marketing partners to allow them to send you special offers via electronic delivery and direct mail. This most often occurs when you request that we do so such as when completing an online survey; and  
6.  to deliver products to you for the purpose of review and testing.

  Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. These agents have access to member personal information as needed to perform their functions for CRC but we do not permit them to use it for other purposes.

  Right to Sell/License Data:  CRC may sell and/or license the personal information that you provide to us to third party businesses. These businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation, email marketing, and telemarketing.

  Cookies: We may use cookies to, among other things, save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit any CRC Web Site. Many Web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that rejecting cookies while visiting any CRC Web Site may result in certain parts of the Web Site not operating correctly or as efficiently as if they were allowed. For example, if you are a CRC member, you may need to enter your username and password each time you visit member's only areas of any CRC Web Site.

  Third-Party Action Tags:  We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifts or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices,

[click here](http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/).

  E-mail Links: In some instances we may include certain links in our e-mails that will allow us to monitor whether you access specific content or advertisements contained in that e-mail. When you click on one of these links, we will record that click and certain activities on the Web page associated with that link. We may use this information for various purposes, such as to conduct internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior in and to our e-mail advertisements and content, and to better understand and serve you.

  Links to Other Websites: CRC Web Sites, as well as the electronic messages sent as part of CRC service, may contain links to other sites or services. CRC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party sites. If you have a question about the privacy policy of those other sites, please contact them directly.

  Disclosures: CRC may disclose information about you and your use of any CRC Web Site and the CRC Services if CRC believes such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with the law or legal process; (ii) to protect or defend the rights or property of CRC or others; (iii) to enforce the CRC Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy; and (iv) to respond to claims that the content(s) of a communication violates the rights of another. In addition CRC may share or transfer information about you and that you provide to CRC, to one or more third party entities pursuant to a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion, or all of, the assets or stock of CRC or its affiliated entities, or as otherwise provided herein. CRC may also disclose information to allow third party business partners and affiliates deliver marketing offers to you.

Security: The PTP Web Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our hardware infrastructure is housed in a controlled access facility that restricts access to authorized individuals with positive identification. Our network access to the infrastructure is protected by a firewall protection system. Member information is backed up on a periodic basis to protect against accidental loss. However, we can not guarantee that communications between you and CRC/PTP will not be intercepted by others and that information stored on our servers will be free from unauthorized access. While we have taken reasonable precautions to protect this information, you should always use discretion in what information you send to us and not expect that such information will be absolutely free from intrusion.

Changing Your Status: To have all of your personally identifiable information removed from our database, please go to <http://www.producttestpanel.com/unsub.php> and enter your email address. At the current time, we are not able to offer users the direct ability to delete their information from our database, but we will be happy to delete such information after we receive a request to that effect. Please be advised that by requesting that your data be removed from our database, you will be unsubscribed from CRC services and you forfeit your eligibility to participate in the PTP membership incentive program and to receive products for testing.

California Privacy Rights : Beginning January 1, 2005 under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to either (1) a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided; or (2) be notified of a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option.

To opt out of having your information shared with third parties send your request including your full name, email address and postal address to: California Privacy Compliance, 3830 Forest Drive Suite 207, Columbia, SC 29204. 

Updates: CRC may revise this Policy at any time in the future to (i) improve or modify the CRC Service, (ii) reflect future developments in CRC data information gathering, storing and release practices, (iii) comply with applicable laws, and (iv) reflect changes in CRC business structure. Accordingly, you should review these terms and policy from time to time to check for updates. Your continued use of the CRC website shall evidence your acceptance of any changes.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PUSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE).  IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (A THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (C) THE APPLICABLE PRIZE OR GIFT WILL MEET WITH YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND/OR THAT ANY THIRD PARTY PARTNER WILL PERFORM ITS ASSOCIATED OBLIGATIONS IN A TIMELY OR SATISFACTORY MANNER; (D) YOU WILL QUALIFY FOR A GIFT BY COMPLETING ANY OF COMPANY’S THIRD PARTY PARTNERS’ PROGRAM TERMS; OR (E) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS, MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE UNDERLYING INTERNET CONNECTION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE.  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM COMPANY, ANY OF ITS THIRD PARTY PARTNERS OR OTHERWISE THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

|    
---|---|---
