> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the profootballhof.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050204235305id_/http%3A//www.profootballhof.com/hall/privacy_policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Pro Football Hall of Fame

**  
Effective Date:**   January 1, 2005.

This privacy policy is applicable to the websites operated by the National Football Museum, Inc., dba The Pro Football Hall of Fame, an Ohio non-profit corporation, and its Internet Partner, Americaneagle.com, Inc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as “The Pro Football Hall of Fame”).  This policy is also applicable to The Pro Football Hall of Fame Museum Store and Gift Shop site also operated by The Pro Football Hall of Fame, accessible at profootballhof.com (the “Site”).

It is the policy of The Pro Football Hall of Fame to attempt to respect and protect the privacy of any visitors to the Site.  This Privacy Policy shall be prominently published on the Site.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose what information may be collected by The Pro Football Hall of Fame, how The Pro Football Hall of Fame may collect such information, and with whom that information may be shared.  Additionally, the Privacy Policy will disclose the data collection policies and practices of The Pro Football Hall of Fame and the Site.

WHAT INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED.

The Pro Football Hall of Fame does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis.   Personal information, such as a user’s name, e-mail address, telephone number, street address, age, birth date, gender, zip code, or other personal information, may be collected through use of the Site.  For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription to publications or services, in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas related to The Pro Football Hall of Fame Store.

HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED VIA THE SITE.

Through your use of the Site, The Pro Football Hall of Fame may collect information in several different areas on the Site, including, but not limited to, the following:

**Registration.**   When using the Site, you may be asked to complete a registration which will require you to provide personally identifiable information.  You will also may be requested to choose a user I.D., password, and provide other personally identifiable information to take advantage of certain features on the Site, including news letters, contests, sweepstakes, and voting/polling activities.

**Cookies.**   Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of The Pro Football Hall of Fame Internet servers or through the use of “cookies.”  Cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising.  Cookies are not programs that come onto a user’s system and damage files.  Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigned site.  Users should be aware that The Pro Football Hall of Fame cannot or does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for The Pro Football Hall of Fame.  If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on The Pro Football Hall of Fame Site.

**Chat Rooms and Bulletin Boards.  ** The Site may make chat rooms and bulletin boards available to its users.  Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e‑mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the Pro Football Hall of Fame sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties.  Such activities are beyond the control of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.  Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personally identifiable information on the bulletin boards or chat areas of the Site.

**Information Disclosed During Transactions.**   As with many websites, users of The Pro Football Hall of Fame Site have the opportunity to subscribe for materials or purchase products from The Pro Football Hall of Fame Store through use of the Site.  Certain personally identifiable information and financial information, such as a credit card number, expiration date, address, or phone number, billing, and shipping information may be collected from users while ordering information, products, or subscribing for any services offered on The Pro Football Hall of Fame Site or its Store.  This information is necessary for the completion of the transaction.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame will utilize this information to complete the transaction requested by the user in order to deliver the services or products ordered and invoice the user.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame collects and stores this sensitive information through encrypted means for the protection of the user.

HOW THE INFORMATION COLLECTED IS USED.

Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.  At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services, and offerings from The Pro Football Hall of Fame and/or any third parties.  Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, The Pro Football Hall of Fame reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement, and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.

The Pro Football Hall of Fame reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties.  Also, users should be aware that The Pro Football Hall of Fame may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through The Pro Football Hall of Fame Site.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.

The Pro Football Hall of Fame may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfere with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the Pro Football Hall of Fame rights or property, other Pro Football Hall of Fame users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

USER’S ABILITY TO “OPT-OUT” AND UPDATE/CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION.

Upon request, The Pro Football Hall of Fame will permit any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time.  Additionally upon request, The Pro Football Hall of Fame will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update or correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.   Also, upon a user's request, The Pro Football Hall of Fame will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.

The foregoing policies are effective as of January 1, 2005.  The Pro Football Hall of Fame reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement.  This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.

By using this Site, you signify your consent to  The Pro Football Hall of Fame Privacy Policy.   If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites.  Your continued use of The Pro Football Hall of Fame Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept such changes.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this website’s privacy statement, you should first contact The Pro Football Hall of Fame at [halloffame@hof.com](mailto:halloffame@hof.com).
