> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the profitstars.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161016074529id_/https%3A//www.profitstars.com/More-From-ProfitStars/Pages/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Customer relationships at Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JHA) are built on trust. You have chosen to do business with JHA, and we guard that relationship with great care, beginning with the information you have chosen to share with us.**

JHA is dedicated to respecting and protecting your privacy. We maintain information about you in order to provide you with the most effective and convenient access to our broad range of products and services. We want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and protect it. This notice serves as a standard for all JHA employees for collection, use, retention and security of nonpublic personal consumer information. This section details how we deal with any information collected through this site. 

Our Security Procedures maintain the security of our customer information. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard information. We restrict access to your personal and account information to persons who need to know that information to provide you products or services or to vendors under contractual confidentiality agreements who assist us in operating and maintaining our websites. Except as required by law or court order, we will not release any information that you provide us to any other third party. 

You may visit JHA's website without revealing your identity or any personal information. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you without your knowledge. The only personal information we retain is the information you explicitly provide us when you fill out a form or sign up for service on this or other JHA sites. Furthermore, we only use the information you provide for the purpose you originally intended. For example, if you sign up to receive JHA announcements via electronic mail, we will retain your personal information for the sole purposes of transmitting announcements to you. 

We use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. One use of cookies is to save you time by telling the web server that you have returned to a specific page that you previously visited. For example, if you complete a form on one of our web pages, a cookie helps us to recall the information you provided on subsequent visits so that you do not have to enter it again. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers include settings to enable you to manage or decline cookies.

To assist us in maintaining and improving this website, we use Google Analytics to gather information about visitors’ usage of the website through the use of cookies that provide us information that helps us improve the performance of this website for you. Google Analytics does not track, collect or upload any data that personally identifies an individual (such as a name, email address, account number or billing information), or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information. For example, it lets us track how many visitors the website has, which pages they spend time on, what kinds of operating systems and mobile devices they use, and how they found the website. We also use Remarketing with Google Analytics to manage our advertising on other websites. This service uses cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. You may opt-out of Google Analytics by clicking here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. For more information on Google’s use of the data, please see the website “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps” located at [http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).

JHA reserves the right to exclude anyone from any of its subscription email lists at its sole discretion. JHA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites to which this site may link. 

This policy applies only to our corporate websites. Personal information that we receive in connection with providing services to our customers is subject to our policy on Privacy and Security of Consumer Financial Information for purposes of compliance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other applicable data privacy laws and regulations. 
