> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the proflowers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-07-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040723065709id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# provide commerce - privacy

| 

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20040630174651id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/CustomerOfferings_Proflowers.aspx)

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20040630174651id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/CustomerOfferings_CherryMoonFarms.aspx)

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20040630174651id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/CustomerOfferings_UptownPrime.aspx)

|  | 

|  | 

**Overview**

Provide Commerce, Inc. (formerly, Proflowers, Inc.) (“Provide Commerce,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting our customers’ privacy. We feel it is important that you fully understand the terms and conditions under which we use the information we gather from you through the use of each of our Web sites located at, or linked to, the URLs [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/), [www.uptownprime.com](http://www.uptownprime.com/) and [www.cherrymoonfarms.com](http://www.cherrymoonfarms.com/), and through the use of any of our co-branded sites we maintain with one or more of our business partners (which Web site contains a link to these terms and conditions and whose URL address contains any of the root URLs “www.proflowers.com/”, “www.cherrymoonfarms.com/”, or “www.uptownprime.com/”) (collectively, our “Sites”). Please read this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will never share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Policy. Changes to this Policy will be announced on each of our Sites at least ten (10) days in advance, so please check back periodically. 

Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to [info@providecommerce.com](mailto:info@providecommerce.com) or we may also be contacted directly at the following address:

Attn: Office of the CEO  
Provide Commerce, Inc.  
5005 Wateridge Vista Drive  
Second Floor  
San Diego, CA 92121 

This Policy will explain the following regarding use of each of our Sites: 

  1. What personally identifiable information do we collect from you? 
  2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it? 
  3. Who is collecting your information? 
  4. With whom do we share your information? 
  5. How may you update, correct or delete your Personally Identifiable Information? 
  6. What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information? 
  7. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information under our control? 
  8. Cookies/Clear GIFs. 
  9. Children, Parental Consent and Privacy. 
  10. You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from any of our Sites and any co-branded web sites not covered by this Policy. 
  11. Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns. 
  12. Policy changes. 


  1. **What information does Provide Commerce collect from you?**

In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, each of our Sites collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our Sites. 

**_Personally Identifiable Information:_** “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information is requested when you register with us, order a product or service, fill out surveys, participate in contests or sweepstakes, correspond with us, or otherwise volunteer information, for instance, through the use of our Reminder Service. Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address and other identification and contact information. If you are using our Send a Hint Greeting service on our Sites having a root URL of [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/), we may ask you to provide the name and email address of a friend or loved one so that we may send them a hint about an event that could be made more special with the gift of flowers. We may also collect certain financial information, like your credit card number (or a check or money order if using such payment method while ordering via mail); whenever we do so, we will attempt to provide a link to this Policy so that you can confirm how this information will be used. With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services. 

**_Non Personally Identifiable Information:_** “Non Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on any one of our Sites in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web site’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (“TCP/IP”) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop. 

  2. **Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?**

Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide our visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use customer contact information to fill orders, contact prior purchasers to inform them of their order status, to remind customers of events through our Reminder Service, to send our customers’ friends or loved ones hints to send flowers through our Send a Hint Greeting service on our Site containing a root URL of [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/) and to send promotional emails. 

We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate customer behavior. This allows us to measure relative customer interest in the various areas of each of our Sites for product development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content and navigation of our Sites, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting our Sites, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual customer. We also use information to notify consumers about updates to our Sites, to complete user initiated transactions, to trace false orders and to contact consumers directly, or through our third party service partners, for marketing purposes. 

We gather information in the following ways: 

**_Shopping:_** We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our Sites. We collect information from visitors to each of our Sites regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to any one of our Sites, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, and the pages of any one of our Sites that you viewed during your visit. 

**_Ordering:_** When you order from us, we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, product selections, credit card number (or check or money order information if using such payment methods while ordering via mail), order number, referring URL, IP address and a password, as well as the recipient’s name, address and telephone number, if different than yours. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order, or the recipient, as appropriate, and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. If you cancel an order or do not complete an order we may collect and use your email address that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order. 

**_Track/Modify Order:_** If you use our Track/Modify Order service we will gather your email address and account password, if you have one, in order to locate your order so that we may give our most recent tracking information, or so that you may modify the order. If you choose to modify your order, we may collect information that we would normally collect when you order products, as explained in the above paragraph. 

**_Corporate Account:_** When you set up a corporate account with us or when you contact us to inquire about corporate programs (either via email, telephone, letter or our online web forms), we collect your name, company name, email and phone number. We may add you to a list for future newsletters and promotions regarding corporate sales. Upon signing up for a corporate account we will contact you by either email or telephone to determine how we can best serve your corporate needs. We will also give you the opportunity to receive periodic updates regarding our corporate services. If you make purchases through your corporate account we shall gather similar information that we gather when you order as an individual, plus certain information regarding your corporation. You can opt out of receiving newsletters, promotions, emails or phone calls from us hereunder either while you are completing our online web form, by calling us at 800-210-2279 or by sending an email to us at [business@providecommerce.com](mailto:business@providecommerce.com).

**_Online Surveys and Polling:_** In order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party. Individual survey answers are confidential, although Non Personally Identifiable Information is collected and disclosed to third parties. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.

**_Contests and Sweepstakes:_** We may from time to time conduct contests or sweepstakes. Customers who choose to participate may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information. That information may then be used by us for such purposes as notifying winners and fulfilling promotional obligations as well as providing electronic newsletters and promotional emails for our products and/or services (which you can opt out of receiving as described more fully below). 

**_Newsletters & Promotional Emails:_** We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites as a service to our prior customers of any of our Sites. We may send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current specials and deals ourselves or through our third party service partners. However, you will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites. Once we have processed your request, we never send you promotional emails with respect to products and/or services offered by us through the particular Site(s) of which you had opted out. There may be opportunities to subscribe to an email list that will send you information about the events on our Sites, but we will only add you to the list with your consent. To stop receiving our newsletters that pertain to any one or more of our Sites, send an email to us at [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com).

**_Cookies/Clear GIFs:_** In conjunction with our third party service partners, we make limited use of cookies and clear GIFs to gather information when you visit any one of our Sites, make a purchase and when you click through to any one of our Sites from a targeted email or newsletter. To find out what cookies and clear GIFs are and how they can be used, click here. 

**_Contact Information and Third Party Data:_** If you contact us by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with any one of our Sites, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you provide us feedback through any one of our Sites, by email or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or purchases on any one of our Sites, or if you are the recipient of products sent by another customer, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. Send a Hint Greeting: If you are using our Send a Hint Greeting service on our Sites having a root URL of [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/), we may ask you to provide the name and email address of a friend or loved one so that we may send them a hint about an event that could be made more special with the gift of flowers. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one time email. You or the loved one or friend may contact us at [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com) to request the removal of this information from our database. 

**_Reminder Service:_** If you choose to use our Reminder Service, we will ask for and store your email address, as well as your important gift occasions and holidays and the names of the individuals to whom you may wish to send gifts, in order to remind you to send flowers or other gifts. 

**_Affiliate and Partnership Programs:_** You may purchase products from us through a link on one of our affiliates’ (“Affiliates”) Web sites. We pay each Affiliate a commission, or a portion of the sales made to those who link to our Site(s) from the Affiliate’s site. Some of our Affiliates run a “rewards” or “charity” program (the “Programs”). Under such Programs, participants receive credits based on the commissions an Affiliate receives from sites such as ours. Participants in such programs can donate their credits to a chosen charitable organization, or keep them for their own use and benefit. If you make a purchase from us and you are a participant in such Programs, we may share your name, email address and the value of your purchases with Be Free, Inc. (“Be Free”). Be Free is a third party service partner which collects data necessary for Affiliates to credit participants with purchases made under their Program. 

With respect to our co-branded Sites maintained by us in conjunction with our business partners, we may share information collected by us to our business partners under our separate agreements with them. These business partners may use your personal information to help us communicate with you about offers from us as well as offers from such partners. However, if you opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails from us, you will automatically opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails from such business partners through their use of personal information which we collected from you in our co-branded Sites and which we provided to such business partners. Please note that with respect to personal information our third party business partners may collect from you independent of us and outside the scope of co-branded Sites maintained by us, we will have no control over the use of such information by such third party business partners.

**_Registering for an Affiliate Program:_** Please read the terms of our [Affiliate Program Agreement](http://www.proflowers.com/cfm/affiliateagreement.cfm). A record of any and all information submitted to us as part of an Affiliate Program application shall be stored by us and only disclosed by us in an effort to evaluate such application with prior consent from you. 

We also track customers’ traffic patterns throughout their online sessions, including which pages a customer views while using our Sites. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and software and to administer our Sites. 

We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our Sites and sales and other shopping information with third parties. 

  3. **Who is collecting your information?**

Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Policy, only we collect your information. This document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to others. Our third party advertising service partner may collect information about you through the use of cookies or clear GIFs when you click on its advertisements, open promotional emails or newsletters or visit our Sites via a link in a promotional email or newsletter. This information is gathered solely for our use, however, our third party advertising service partner may use this information in a non personally identifiable aggregated form for its own purposes. You should contact our third party advertising service partner directly if you have any questions about its use of the information that it collects. For more information about how our current third party advertising service partner collects information please click here: [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&).

In addition, we currently employ a third party service partner that tracks the traffic on our Sites, however, the only information gathered is solely Non Personally Identifiable Information.

  4. **With whom do we share your information?**

Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Sites to others. The information collected by our Sites is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our Sites. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. These third parties may not use your Personally Identifiable Information other than to provide the services requested by us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. We also share Web site usage information we gather from visitors to our Sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with our third party advertising service partner for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third party service partners note some of the pages you visit on any one of our Sites through the use of clear GIFs. For more information about our third party advertising service partner, please click here: [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

From time to time we may disclose a very limited amount of information (names and postal addresses) to direct marketing companies for trade or rental purposes. You may “opt out,” or instruct us not to distribute such information to third parties in the future by sending an email with such instructions to [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com), however we may not be able to provide you our full range of services if we cannot distribute certain Personally Identifiable Information.

We may provide aggregated statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related Site information to third parties that do not include Personally Identifiable Information. Moreover, we may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves.

**_Recipient Requests:_** From time to time we are contacted by flower and other gift recipients who ask us who the sender was. If we receive a request from a recipient asking who sent flowers or another gift we will provide the name and any other information as contained on the gift message accompanying the flowers or gift. If there is no gift message filled out or if there is no name on the gift message we may ask the sender via email. If we receive approval to disclose the sender’s name from the sender via email or in writing, we will then inform the recipient. If the sender does not reply via email or in writing or if the sender denies permission, then we will not reveal the sender’s identity to the recipient. 

**_Enforcement of Law:_** From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.

**_Merger and Acquisitions:_** In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of Provide Commerce, Inc. (a "Successor"), one of the assets which would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our customers. However, the use of this information by any Successor would still be governed by the terms of this Policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction, and you will continue to have the right to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties.

  5. **How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?**

During the online ordering process you can review, change or delete the information that you have submitted. We are updating our Sites so that you may change any of your personal information in your account(s) online at any time. You may ask us in writing via mail or email at [info@providecommerce.com](mailto:info@providecommerce.com) to have the information on your account deleted, updated or corrected; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes. 

  6. **What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?**

We may from time to time send you email or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to our Sites. If you have supplied us with your telephone number(s) you may receive telephone calls from us with information or requests for information regarding an order you have placed. You may “opt out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters and emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us or by sending an email to [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com). 

  7. **What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?**

We employ industry recognized information technology to protect the security of the information you submit to us. The importance of security for all Personally Identifiable Information associated with our customers is of utmost concern to us. Our secure servers protect this information using password protection and advanced encryption, and we may use firewall technology for additional protection. 

In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means. 

We also encourage our partners and service providers to adopt and follow stringent consumer privacy policies. 

  8. **Cookies/Clear GIFs.**

**_Cookies:_** Like many other commercial sites, our Sites utilize standard technologies called “cookies” and clear GIFs to collect information about how each of our Sites is used. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies were designed to help a Web site recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a customer’s password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a “shopping cart.” For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of our Sites and place an order. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address. 

We send a cookie to your hard drive when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No Personally Identifiable Information is recorded. When you click through to any one of our Sites from a promotional email, our third party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information.

**_Clear GIFs:_** We currently work with third party service partners that employ clear GIFs (also known as pixel tags, single pixel GIFs, web beacons or action tags) for our benefit to help us measure advertising effectiveness. Clear GIFs help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us of what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of our users. The main difference between the two is that clear GIFs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear GIFs are not tied to your Personally Identifiable Information.

Our third party service partners use clear GIFs: (i) in HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients; (ii) to record when products have been ordered from our Sites; and (iii) to track the visitor traffic on our Sites. These clear GIFs allow us measure the usage of each of our Sites by our visitors and the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns.

Clear GIFs can “work with” existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Web site or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited “www.companyX.com”, which uses an advertising company’s clear GIF, the Web site would match the clear GIF’s identifier and the advertising company’s cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information can be shared with the advertising company. We do provide such information to our third party advertising service partner, but that information can only be used by our partner for our benefit. For more information about our third party advertising service partner, please click here: [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

  9. **Children, Parental Consent and Privacy.**

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000, and imposes certain requirements on Web sites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on Web sites that know they are collecting Personally Identifiable Information on children under the age of 13. We want to let you know that it currently is our policy not to collect Personally Identifiable Information on any person under 18. As one measure to ensure that we do not gather Personally Identifiable Information from children, we require that all individuals provide a valid credit card number before completing a purchase order. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personally Identifiable Information about children under 18, we shall attempt to notify such child’s parent or guardian and erase such information from our records, unless the child’s parent or guardian consents to our maintaining such information. 

  10. **You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from any of our Sites and any co-branded web sites not covered by this Policy.**

Other sites accessible through any of our Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our Sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our Sites are not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit Personally Identifiable Information. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our Sites may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies or clear GIFs. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

We also may have co-branded web sites that are maintained by us in connection with one or more of our third party business partners but which do not contain this Policy or a link to this Policy. When you submit information to one of these co-branded sites you may be submitting it to both Provide Commerce and our third party business partners or just to our third party business partner. Note that these co-branded sites may contain, or link to, privacy policies that contain terms and conditions different than those contained in this Policy. Again, this Policy only pertains to the information Provide Commerce collects and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of our business partners. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those co-branded sites so that you will always know what information we gather and what information is gathered by our third party business partner, how each of us might use that information, to whom each of us will disclose it and what choices you have.

  11. **Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns.**

If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of any of our Sites, or your dealings with any of our Sites, please contact us by sending a letter to: Office of the CEO, Provide Commerce, Inc., 5005 Wateridge Vista Drive, Second Floor, San Diego, CA 92121, or by sending an email to [info@providecommerce.com](mailto:info@providecommerce.com). 

  12. **Policy changes.**

This Policy was last changed on November 14, 2003. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, to whom we will disclose it and what choices you have. Any change, modification, addition or removal of portions of this Policy will be announced on our Sites at least ten (10) days before it is implemented. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use any of our Sites. 


|   
---|---|---
| 

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20040723065709id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/CustomerOfferings_Proflowers.aspx)

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20040723065709id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/CustomerOfferings_CherryMoonFarms.aspx)

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20040723065709id_/http%3A//www.providecommerce.com/CustomerOfferings_UptownPrime.aspx)

|  | 

|  | 

**Overview**

Provide Commerce, Inc. (formerly, Proflowers, Inc.) (“Provide Commerce,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting our customers’ privacy. We feel it is important that you fully understand the terms and conditions under which we use the information we gather from you through the use of each of our Web sites located at, or linked to, the URLs [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/), [www.uptownprime.com](http://www.uptownprime.com/) and [www.cherrymoonfarms.com](http://www.cherrymoonfarms.com/), and through the use of any of our co-branded sites we maintain with one or more of our business partners (which Web site contains a link to these terms and conditions and whose URL address contains any of the root URLs “www.proflowers.com/”, “www.cherrymoonfarms.com/”, or “www.uptownprime.com/”) (collectively, our “Sites”). Please read this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will never share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Policy. Changes to this Policy will be announced on each of our Sites at least ten (10) days in advance, so please check back periodically. 

Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to [info@providecommerce.com](mailto:info@providecommerce.com) or we may also be contacted directly at the following address:

Attn: Office of the CEO  
Provide Commerce, Inc.  
5005 Wateridge Vista Drive  
Second Floor  
San Diego, CA 92121 

This Policy will explain the following regarding use of each of our Sites: 

  1. What personally identifiable information do we collect from you? 
  2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it? 
  3. Who is collecting your information? 
  4. With whom do we share your information? 
  5. How may you update, correct or delete your Personally Identifiable Information? 
  6. What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information? 
  7. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information under our control? 
  8. Cookies/Clear GIFs. 
  9. Children, Parental Consent and Privacy. 
  10. You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from any of our Sites and any co-branded web sites not covered by this Policy. 
  11. Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns. 
  12. Policy changes. 


  1. **What information does Provide Commerce collect from you?**

In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, each of our Sites collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our Sites. 

**_Personally Identifiable Information:_** “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information is requested when you register with us, order a product or service, fill out surveys, participate in contests or sweepstakes, correspond with us, or otherwise volunteer information, for instance, through the use of our Reminder Service. Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address and other identification and contact information. If you are using our Send a Hint Greeting service on our Sites having a root URL of [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/), we may ask you to provide the name and email address of a friend or loved one so that we may send them a hint about an event that could be made more special with the gift of flowers. We may also collect certain financial information, like your credit card number (or a check or money order if using such payment method while ordering via mail); whenever we do so, we will attempt to provide a link to this Policy so that you can confirm how this information will be used. With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services. 

**_Non Personally Identifiable Information:_** “Non Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on any one of our Sites in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web site’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (“TCP/IP”) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop. 

  2. **Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?**

Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide our visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use customer contact information to fill orders, contact prior purchasers to inform them of their order status, to remind customers of events through our Reminder Service, to send our customers’ friends or loved ones hints to send flowers through our Send a Hint Greeting service on our Site containing a root URL of [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/) and to send promotional emails. 

We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate customer behavior. This allows us to measure relative customer interest in the various areas of each of our Sites for product development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content and navigation of our Sites, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting our Sites, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual customer. We also use information to notify consumers about updates to our Sites, to complete user initiated transactions, to trace false orders and to contact consumers directly, or through our third party service partners, for marketing purposes. 

We gather information in the following ways: 

**_Shopping:_** We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our Sites. We collect information from visitors to each of our Sites regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to any one of our Sites, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, and the pages of any one of our Sites that you viewed during your visit. 

**_Ordering:_** When you order from us, we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, product selections, credit card number (or check or money order information if using such payment methods while ordering via mail), order number, referring URL, IP address and a password, as well as the recipient’s name, address and telephone number, if different than yours. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order, or the recipient, as appropriate, and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. If you cancel an order or do not complete an order we may collect and use your email address that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order. 

**_Track/Modify Order:_** If you use our Track/Modify Order service we will gather your email address and account password, if you have one, in order to locate your order so that we may give our most recent tracking information, or so that you may modify the order. If you choose to modify your order, we may collect information that we would normally collect when you order products, as explained in the above paragraph. 

**_Corporate Account:_** When you set up a corporate account with us or when you contact us to inquire about corporate programs (either via email, telephone, letter or our online web forms), we collect your name, company name, email and phone number. We may add you to a list for future newsletters and promotions regarding corporate sales. Upon signing up for a corporate account we will contact you by either email or telephone to determine how we can best serve your corporate needs. We will also give you the opportunity to receive periodic updates regarding our corporate services. If you make purchases through your corporate account we shall gather similar information that we gather when you order as an individual, plus certain information regarding your corporation. You can opt out of receiving newsletters, promotions, emails or phone calls from us hereunder either while you are completing our online web form, by calling us at 800-210-2279 or by sending an email to us at [business@providecommerce.com](mailto:business@providecommerce.com).

**_Online Surveys and Polling:_** In order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party. Individual survey answers are confidential, although Non Personally Identifiable Information is collected and disclosed to third parties. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.

**_Contests and Sweepstakes:_** We may from time to time conduct contests or sweepstakes. Customers who choose to participate may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information. That information may then be used by us for such purposes as notifying winners and fulfilling promotional obligations as well as providing electronic newsletters and promotional emails for our products and/or services (which you can opt out of receiving as described more fully below). 

**_Newsletters & Promotional Emails:_** We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites as a service to our prior customers of any of our Sites. We may send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current specials and deals ourselves or through our third party service partners. However, you will have the choice to opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites. Once we have processed your request, we never send you promotional emails with respect to products and/or services offered by us through the particular Site(s) of which you had opted out. There may be opportunities to subscribe to an email list that will send you information about the events on our Sites, but we will only add you to the list with your consent. To stop receiving our newsletters that pertain to any one or more of our Sites, send an email to us at [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com).

**_Cookies/Clear GIFs:_** In conjunction with our third party service partners, we make limited use of cookies and clear GIFs to gather information when you visit any one of our Sites, make a purchase and when you click through to any one of our Sites from a targeted email or newsletter. To find out what cookies and clear GIFs are and how they can be used, click here. 

**_Contact Information and Third Party Data:_** If you contact us by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with any one of our Sites, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you provide us feedback through any one of our Sites, by email or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or purchases on any one of our Sites, or if you are the recipient of products sent by another customer, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. Send a Hint Greeting: If you are using our Send a Hint Greeting service on our Sites having a root URL of [www.proflowers.com](http://www.proflowers.com/), we may ask you to provide the name and email address of a friend or loved one so that we may send them a hint about an event that could be made more special with the gift of flowers. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one time email. You or the loved one or friend may contact us at [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com) to request the removal of this information from our database. 

**_Reminder Service:_** If you choose to use our Reminder Service, we will ask for and store your email address, as well as your important gift occasions and holidays and the names of the individuals to whom you may wish to send gifts, in order to remind you to send flowers or other gifts. 

**_Affiliate and Partnership Programs:_** You may purchase products from us through a link on one of our affiliates’ (“Affiliates”) Web sites. We pay each Affiliate a commission, or a portion of the sales made to those who link to our Site(s) from the Affiliate’s site. Some of our Affiliates run a “rewards” or “charity” program (the “Programs”). Under such Programs, participants receive credits based on the commissions an Affiliate receives from sites such as ours. Participants in such programs can donate their credits to a chosen charitable organization, or keep them for their own use and benefit. If you make a purchase from us and you are a participant in such Programs, we may share your name, email address and the value of your purchases with Be Free, Inc. (“Be Free”). Be Free is a third party service partner which collects data necessary for Affiliates to credit participants with purchases made under their Program. 

With respect to our co-branded Sites maintained by us in conjunction with our business partners, we may share information collected by us to our business partners under our separate agreements with them. These business partners may use your personal information to help us communicate with you about offers from us as well as offers from such partners. However, if you opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails from us, you will automatically opt out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails from such business partners through their use of personal information which we collected from you in our co-branded Sites and which we provided to such business partners. Please note that with respect to personal information our third party business partners may collect from you independent of us and outside the scope of co-branded Sites maintained by us, we will have no control over the use of such information by such third party business partners.

**_Registering for an Affiliate Program:_** Please read the terms of our [Affiliate Program Agreement](http://www.proflowers.com/cfm/affiliateagreement.cfm). A record of any and all information submitted to us as part of an Affiliate Program application shall be stored by us and only disclosed by us in an effort to evaluate such application with prior consent from you. 

We also track customers’ traffic patterns throughout their online sessions, including which pages a customer views while using our Sites. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and software and to administer our Sites. 

We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our Sites and sales and other shopping information with third parties. 

  3. **Who is collecting your information?**

Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Policy, only we collect your information. This document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to others. Our third party advertising service partner may collect information about you through the use of cookies or clear GIFs when you click on its advertisements, open promotional emails or newsletters or visit our Sites via a link in a promotional email or newsletter. This information is gathered solely for our use, however, our third party advertising service partner may use this information in a non personally identifiable aggregated form for its own purposes. You should contact our third party advertising service partner directly if you have any questions about its use of the information that it collects. For more information about how our current third party advertising service partner collects information please click here: [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&).

In addition, we currently employ a third party service partner that tracks the traffic on our Sites, however, the only information gathered is solely Non Personally Identifiable Information.

  4. **With whom do we share your information?**

Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Sites to others. The information collected by our Sites is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our Sites. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. These third parties may not use your Personally Identifiable Information other than to provide the services requested by us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. We also share Web site usage information we gather from visitors to our Sites who have received a targeted promotional campaign with our third party advertising service partner for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third party service partners note some of the pages you visit on any one of our Sites through the use of clear GIFs. For more information about our third party advertising service partner, please click here: [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

From time to time we may disclose a very limited amount of information (names and postal addresses) to direct marketing companies for trade or rental purposes. You may “opt out,” or instruct us not to distribute such information to third parties in the future by sending an email with such instructions to [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com), however we may not be able to provide you our full range of services if we cannot distribute certain Personally Identifiable Information.

We may provide aggregated statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related Site information to third parties that do not include Personally Identifiable Information. Moreover, we may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves.

**_Recipient Requests:_** From time to time we are contacted by flower and other gift recipients who ask us who the sender was. If we receive a request from a recipient asking who sent flowers or another gift we will provide the name and any other information as contained on the gift message accompanying the flowers or gift. If there is no gift message filled out or if there is no name on the gift message we may ask the sender via email. If we receive approval to disclose the sender’s name from the sender via email or in writing, we will then inform the recipient. If the sender does not reply via email or in writing or if the sender denies permission, then we will not reveal the sender’s identity to the recipient. 

**_Enforcement of Law:_** From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.

**_Merger and Acquisitions:_** In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of Provide Commerce, Inc. (a "Successor"), one of the assets which would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our customers. However, the use of this information by any Successor would still be governed by the terms of this Policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction, and you will continue to have the right to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties.

  5. **How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?**

During the online ordering process you can review, change or delete the information that you have submitted. We are updating our Sites so that you may change any of your personal information in your account(s) online at any time. You may ask us in writing via mail or email at [info@providecommerce.com](mailto:info@providecommerce.com) to have the information on your account deleted, updated or corrected; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes. 

  6. **What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?**

We may from time to time send you email or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to our Sites. If you have supplied us with your telephone number(s) you may receive telephone calls from us with information or requests for information regarding an order you have placed. You may “opt out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters and emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us or by sending an email to [unsubscribe@providecommerce.com](mailto:unsubscribe@providecommerce.com). 

  7. **What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?**

We employ industry recognized information technology to protect the security of the information you submit to us. The importance of security for all Personally Identifiable Information associated with our customers is of utmost concern to us. Our secure servers protect this information using password protection and advanced encryption, and we may use firewall technology for additional protection. 

In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means. 

We also encourage our partners and service providers to adopt and follow stringent consumer privacy policies. 

  8. **Cookies/Clear GIFs.**

**_Cookies:_** Like many other commercial sites, our Sites utilize standard technologies called “cookies” and clear GIFs to collect information about how each of our Sites is used. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies were designed to help a Web site recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a customer’s password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a “shopping cart.” For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of our Sites and place an order. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address. 

We send a cookie to your hard drive when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No Personally Identifiable Information is recorded. When you click through to any one of our Sites from a promotional email, our third party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information.

**_Clear GIFs:_** We currently work with third party service partners that employ clear GIFs (also known as pixel tags, single pixel GIFs, web beacons or action tags) for our benefit to help us measure advertising effectiveness. Clear GIFs help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us of what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of our users. The main difference between the two is that clear GIFs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear GIFs are not tied to your Personally Identifiable Information.

Our third party service partners use clear GIFs: (i) in HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients; (ii) to record when products have been ordered from our Sites; and (iii) to track the visitor traffic on our Sites. These clear GIFs allow us measure the usage of each of our Sites by our visitors and the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns.

Clear GIFs can “work with” existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Web site or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited “www.companyX.com”, which uses an advertising company’s clear GIF, the Web site would match the clear GIF’s identifier and the advertising company’s cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information can be shared with the advertising company. We do provide such information to our third party advertising service partner, but that information can only be used by our partner for our benefit. For more information about our third party advertising service partner, please click here: [http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

  9. **Children, Parental Consent and Privacy.**

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000, and imposes certain requirements on Web sites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on Web sites that know they are collecting Personally Identifiable Information on children under the age of 13. We want to let you know that it currently is our policy not to collect Personally Identifiable Information on any person under 18. As one measure to ensure that we do not gather Personally Identifiable Information from children, we require that all individuals provide a valid credit card number before completing a purchase order. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personally Identifiable Information about children under 18, we shall attempt to notify such child’s parent or guardian and erase such information from our records, unless the child’s parent or guardian consents to our maintaining such information. 

  10. **You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from any of our Sites and any co-branded web sites not covered by this Policy.**

Other sites accessible through any of our Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our Sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our Sites are not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit Personally Identifiable Information. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our Sites may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies or clear GIFs. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

We also may have co-branded web sites that are maintained by us in connection with one or more of our third party business partners but which do not contain this Policy or a link to this Policy. When you submit information to one of these co-branded sites you may be submitting it to both Provide Commerce and our third party business partners or just to our third party business partner. Note that these co-branded sites may contain, or link to, privacy policies that contain terms and conditions different than those contained in this Policy. Again, this Policy only pertains to the information Provide Commerce collects and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of our business partners. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those co-branded sites so that you will always know what information we gather and what information is gathered by our third party business partner, how each of us might use that information, to whom each of us will disclose it and what choices you have.

  11. **Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns.**

If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of any of our Sites, or your dealings with any of our Sites, please contact us by sending a letter to: Office of the CEO, Provide Commerce, Inc., 5005 Wateridge Vista Drive, Second Floor, San Diego, CA 92121, or by sending an email to [info@providecommerce.com](mailto:info@providecommerce.com). 

  12. **Policy changes.**

This Policy was last changed on November 14, 2003. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, to whom we will disclose it and what choices you have. Any change, modification, addition or removal of portions of this Policy will be announced on our Sites at least ten (10) days before it is implemented. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use any of our Sites. 


|   
---|---|---
