> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the profitlance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040602201723id_/http%3A//profitlance.com/pp.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ProfitLance.Com - Privacy Policy

This document sets forth the ProfitLance.Com Online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") for this Web site, http://www.ProfitLance.Com (the "Site"). If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site.

**Changes in Privacy Policy**  
All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. ProfitLance.Com reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of material changes on the home page of the Site. If as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which ProfitLance.Com is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described below in the section titled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after such notice has been posted for thirty (30) days with the following exception: If at the time you provide personal information to ProfitLance.Com you are given the opportunity (as you currently are) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by ProfitLance.Com or by third parties, ProfitLance.Com will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if ProfitLance.Com sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or ProfitLance.Com (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, ProfitLance.Com may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.

**Entities collecting personal information**  
Personal information on this Site is collected by ProfitLance.Com.

The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.

**Collection of personal information**  
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as subscribing to the collaboration services offered on the Site or utilizing online software applications, ProfitLance.Com may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, ProfitLance.Com may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.

When you use the Site, ProfitLance.Com or third parties authorized by ProfitLance.Com may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. ProfitLance.Com also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.

When you submit personal information to ProfitLance.Com through this Site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which ProfitLance.Com and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including, without limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of ProfitLance.Com. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible and the pages are being hosted by a vendor of ProfitLance.Com.

ProfitLance.Com has established relationships with various service providers whose services are available to you from this Site or from Web sites that are linked to this Site. Typically, these providers offer services that ProfitLance.Com customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with ProfitLance.Com services and products. In order to use those services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider's Web site will be subject to the privacy policy posted on such site, and personal information that you provide while on this Site in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to this Privacy Policy. You should be aware that our agreements with these service providers often provide that they will share with ProfitLance.Com personal information collected from you. In such instances, ProfitLance.Com may use this information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. In the situation where sites have an ProfitLance.Com "look and feel," and you reasonably believe you are on an ProfitLance.Com site, the site is collecting information in a solely intermediary capacity and does not use personal information for secondary purposes.

**How your personal information is used**  
ProfitLance.Com collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. 

ProfitLance.Com may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. ProfitLance.Com may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.

**Your choices with respect to personal information**  
ProfitLance.Com recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent, ProfitLance.Com will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from ProfitLance.Com, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, ProfitLance.Com will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.

There are other instances in which ProfitLance.Com may divulge your personal information. ProfitLance.Com may provide your personal information if necessary, in ProfitLance.Com's good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of ProfitLance.Com or others. 

**Protection of your personal information**  
The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of ProfitLance.Com products or services or registering an ProfitLance.Com product is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on a secure server that only selected ProfitLance.Com personnel and contractors have access to via password. ProfitLance.Com encrypts your personal information and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to ProfitLance.Com.

Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on a secure server and is only accessible to selected ProfitLance.Com personnel and contractors via password. Since this information is not accessible by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.

**Use of cookies**  
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, and enables ProfitLance.Com to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)

While ProfitLance.Com uses cookies to track your visit to ProfitLance.Com, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, ProfitLance.Com does not use this information to identify you personally.

Updating your personal information and privacy preferences  
You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information, this may be accomplished by linking to your account at Edit Your Account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications from ProfitLance.Com or third parties) by writing ProfitLance.Com at:

Springboard Group, Inc  
ProfitLance.Com   
1616 E. Roosevelt Road  
Wheaton, IL 60187

Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.

  In your correspondence, please indicate with as much detail as possible the location on this Site where you provided your personal information.
