> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the programmingbulls.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100614202527id_/http%3A//www.websadhu.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | WebSadhu

Personal information and privacy is a serious matter, especially online. Dynamicbrain.net has the highest regard for our users and viewers privacy and security of personal information. By viewing and/or registering on this website, you accept everything outlined by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. Our Privacy Policy may be modified at any time so make sure that you check for revisions. Each document will have the updated date and time available at the top. By continuing use of the website you constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy. This Policy does not apply once you leave Dynamicbrain.net, even if the link is listed on this site. 

Information that Dynamicbrain.net collects from its users and how it is used:

Personal information that is collected from Dynamicbrain.net is used only in a manner to enhance the users experience. Only relevant information is recorded and is not distributed in any unauthorized or unnecessary ways. The follow lists the information that is recorded and how it is used.  
Registration Account Data:  
Username and Password: Users are free to choose any User ID they want to use for Dynamicbrain.net, as long as it is not already taken. A password is initially automatically generated and sent via email to the user as a method to verify that the person registering has access to the email account listed. Once the initial password is used to login, it will never work again. The user then has to choose a password of their own to secure their account. The usernames and passwords are secured in our database and are not visible to anyone. Your username will be made publicly visible on all areas of the site, to both registered and non-registered users, especially when you engage in any of the sites community features; including posting content, making comments, voting, linking with buddies, etc.  
Email Address: Your email address is provided to us during registration to prevent robotic registrations, prevent multiple accounts, and notify you of any important website activity (as authorized by you). Your email address will never be made public and available to anyone using the site, registered or not, unless you choose to allow it. Email addresses will never be distributed to anyone by Dynamicbrain.net.  
Registration Personal Data:  
Optional Personal Information: The registration form has many optional fields for inputing personal information. You are not required to enter any personal information during registration, other than your chosen User ID and a working email address. Any information entered in the optional personal information section will be posted on your user profile available for any user to view, registered or not. This data is provided by you to make Dynamicbrain.net a more social environment. Use discretion when sharing information. Dynamicbrain.net will never distribute this information other than described in this section.  
Private Messaging:  
Private Messaging is a feature made available to only registered users on Dynamicbrain.net. It allows users to send private messages to each other using their User IDs. This provides more social functionality and also allows you not to disclose your email address. Every user has the option to disable private messaging for their account by visiting their user page and pressing 'Edit'. The content of your messages is made available only to you and the user you are communicating with. Dynamicbrain.net will never publicize or distribute this data ever. By using this feature, you automatically agree not to share any information or data transmitted in private messages. If you suspect someone is breaching this agreement, report it immediately by visiting our contact page.  
Buddies:  
Registered users are allowed to link accounts with their friends or 'buddies'. Each user has to agree to the acceptance of another to become buddies. Allowing this enables your buddies to easily monitor your activity on the site, regarding your posted content, comments, and votes. Your buddies will be listed on your user profile, all of which is visible by anyone.  
User Points:  
Most of the community features on Dynamicbrain.net award points to the users involved. This allows us to see how active each member is in our community. Your user points are made available for anyone to view.  
Submitting Content  
Submitted articles, weblinks, and comments are posted publicly on Dynamicbrain.net and are associated with your User ID. Your content will never be distributed or sold by Dynamicbrain.net  
Email (Continued):  
Dynamicbrain.net will only use your email address to notify you of relevant site activity as you authorize. Sending the temporary password during registration is required. You will be notified via email regarding private messages and buddy features. You can stop these emails by changing the settings in your user profile. If you contact us, we will reply regarding only the issue at hand and no personal information will be stored. Your email information will never be distributed or used in any unauthorized manner by Dynamicbrain.net.  
Website Traffic:  
Dynamicbrain.net uses software to log all website traffic for our own informational purposes only, mainly to monitor and improve all features and functions of our website. The information recorded contains: IP addresses, date and time of page views, operating system type, web browser, and referred website. This information is not linked to you or your User ID and will never be made visible to anyone but us.

Cookies:  
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. These cookies do not transmit any personal data about you and are in no way linked to you email address or User ID. Cookies also enable certain parts of the site to function properly. Almost every web browser has the option to disable cookies - which you may do, but risk losing certain functionality of Dynamicbrain.net. Cookies may be used by our advertisers to help them display ads that you may not have seen yet. We ensure no personal data is shared.
