> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the projectbreakthrough.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160317224529id_/https%3A//projectbreakthrough.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Project Breakthrough - Privacy

PRIVACY POLICYThis site (the "Site") is owned by High Traffic Academy, LLC, a California limited liability company and High Traffic Academy Limited, a corporation of the United Kingdom ("us," "we," or "Company"). We created this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain how we use the information we collect on the Site. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.

How your Personal Information is UsedWe use Personal Information in the following ways: 1) to enable you to use our Site and Service; 2) to contact you about our Site, Service, and other related products and services in which we think you may be interested; and 3) to customize and tailor your experience on our Site.

We do not sell, license, transfer, and/or share the billing information we collect from you, other than for billing purposes. We use an unaffiliated credit card processing company to process your payments. We transfer your payment information—and you authorize us to do so—to this company solely for this purpose. The company does not retain, share, store, or use your personally identifiable information for any other purposes. We use the Transaction Data we collect to enable users to conduct and analyze marketing campaigns, and to calculate commissions. We also use non-personally identifiable Transaction Data and the associated IP address to track visitor's page access on our system and to improve our Site and Service as well as provide conversion statistics for our affiliates (similar to Google Analytics).

Additionally, the registered member that referred you (if applicable) to our Site is able to view your email address and independently use your email address in their marketing efforts under the same terms and conditions as stipulated in this agreement. Registered members can also display the name and telephone number for the person who referred them to our Site, as well as the following information about members of their team (i.e. referrals who become registered users of our Site): name, telephone number, login name, and email address.

Please note that we may transfer or share your email address, IP address and name to a third party. By giving us your email address you are agreeing to allow us to transfer your data to a third party for the purpose of emailing third party promotions, offers and emails. We take no responsibility as to what this third party sends to you or what is done with your email address. By opting in and agreeing to these terms and conditions you understand and consent to allowing your data to be shared with a third party for these purposes only. We adhere to the policy of permission sharing only. If you give us permission by opting into our site, we share your personal information with other companies we select. We select companies we believe offer products and services that add to our portfolio and that would be beneficial to you. By registering with us or on any of our sites, you specifically grant us permission to sell, rent, or otherwise share your registration information with other third parties.

You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you will not be able to access and use our Site, Service, or some of the services it provides.

Information We CollectWe automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: 1) IP addresses; 2) domain servers; 3) types of computers accessing the Site; and 4) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is helpful for improving your experience on the Site. We also use "cookies" to optimize the user experience.

Our Site provides access to educational content and ongoing educational services for you to use in connection with traffic generation and effective execution of marketing campaigns (collectively, the "Service"). In order for us to be able to contact you about your use of the Site and Service, we require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: 1) Contact Data (such as your name, company name, contact information, telephone number, email address, and login name); 2) Financial Data (such as the credit/debit account information for the account you want to establish for billing purposes); and 3) Transaction Data (for example, the name of the person who referred you to us, the names and contact information for people you refer to us, data about specific marketing campaigns and results, consumer contact information such as email addresses and phone numbers, and related marketing materials). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our blogs, chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.

Confidentiality and Security of Personal InformationWe may also (and you authorize us to) disclose your Personal Information to: a) comply with a court order or other legal process or inquiry; b) protect our rights or property; or c) enforce our Terms and Conditions. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.

To confirm that your Contact Data and Financial Data are correct and up-to-date, you may review and update it in your member profile area of the Site accessible via your secure login credentials.

The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We also make blogs, chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.

This Site is directed at teenagers and adults and not to teenagers or children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly distribute such information. We do not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through our website. Similarly, because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we do not condition the participation of a child under 13 in activities on providing personally identifiable information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from someone under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

We have implemented a number of security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse, or modification of information we've collected from you. Your Personal Information is transmitted to and stored on servers that we have taken steps to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. We do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You acknowledge and assume this risk.

We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such addition, change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such addition, change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. In the event of substantive changes to this Privacy Policy, the new terms will be posted to the Site, you will be required to affirmatively assent to its terms, and you may also be notified by email. If any modification is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is not to use the Site and the Service, and to request an immediate termination of your membership. Your express consent or continued use of the Site or our Service following posting of a change notice or new Privacy Policy on the Site will constitute binding acceptance of the changes. **No personal information will be shared with any third parties without the customer's permission**

This Privacy Policy is part of your Terms of Use agreement with the Company.

Services will be provided by:  
High Traffic Academy, LLC  
30161-C Avenida de las Banderas Suite C  
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688  

