> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the projecteve.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130319114751id_/http%3A//projecteve.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Project Eve’s Privacy Policy - Project Eve

**Effective Date: March 13, 2012**

Project Eve LLC ("Project Eve", "Eve", "Network", "we" or "us") is an online social network that provides content as well as a set of services and technology applications that enable users to interact, create their own profile, add content utilizing Project Eve's Website ("Website"). "Content" means any work of authorship in a Network, including, comments, recommendations, forums, photos, videos, music, sounds, images, text, files, listings, logos, trademarks, postings, messages, tags and other content added to or submitted to Project Eve. Project Eve's Website is a part of and hosted on the Ning Platform. Please review [Ning's Terms of Service](http://www.ning.com/about/legal/tos/) and [Ning's Privacy Policy](http://www.ning.com/about/legal/privacy/)for further information about how Ning collects and uses information.

Project Eve values your privacy, and we want to help make your experience on Project Eve as satisfying and safe as possible. We have established this Privacy Policy to explain how Personal Information (as defined below) is collected on our Website, and how that Personal Information is used and disclosed. "Personal Information" is information that allows a person to directly identify an individual, such as name or email address, and information that we combine directly with such identifying information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to Eve's Terms of Service. Any capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning set forth in Eve's Terms of Service. By using Project Eve's Website, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Project Eve LLC complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  Project Eve LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit [www.export.gov/safeharbor/](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/).

In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, Project Eve LLC commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Project Eve LLC at:

Kimberly Oksenberg  
Project Eve LLC  
1819 Polk Street #402  
San Francisco, CA 94109

Project Eve LLC has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Project Eve LLC please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at [www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints](http://www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints) for more information and to file a complaint.

1\. HOW PROJECT EVE OPERATES

This Privacy Policy refers to Users who join Eve's Network as "Members". Project Eve's Website enables Members to create a profile, interact with one another, promote their business or service, read content, sign-up for events, list their business in the directory, list their member events and make purchases.

2\. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

In order to become a Member of Project Eve, Users must register for account credentials. When you register for account credentials, Project Eve collects certain Personal Information, including your name, email address, and a password that you select. Project Eve may use the Website to collect, use, and retain all information, including Personal Information and Network Data, that is disclosed and uploaded by Members in connection with their use of Project Eve. "Network Data" means all data collected from Project Eve or a Member and includes registration information, profile data, answers to profile questions, all Content and other information contributed by Members, and statistical information and analytics relating to usage and interactions within the Website When a User signs up to become a member of Project Eve, he or she is providing Personal Information to Project Eve, as such Project Eve and its designated administrators will have access to all Personal Information and Network Data. In addition, Project Eve will have the ability to reset Member passwords in the event that a Member loses or can't remember it. Project Eve might also collect additional types of Personal Information.

In order to implement certain functionality on the Web site, Project Eve provides Members the opportunity to access and use third party applications ("Third Party Applications") created by third party application developers ("Third Party Application Developers"). Where such Third Party Applications collect, store and use information provided by Members in some manner separate from the use made by Project Eve or Ning as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, you will be presented with an opportunity to review and accept or deny the privacy policy associated with any Third Party Software Application.  For each Third Party Application that you add to your profile, you should review the Third Party Applications Developer's policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information.

3\. PASSIVE DATA COLLECTION

Like most web-based services, Project Eve automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser when you use the Project Eve Website. We may use a variety of methods, including clear GIFs (also known as "web beacons"), and "cookies" to collect this information. The information that we collect with these automated methods may include, for example, your IP address, Ning cookie information, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on Project Eve, and the "referring URL" (i.e., the page from which you navigated to the Project Eve Website). We also use cookies on Project Eve to recognize your account credentials (e.g., for sign in purposes), and to store references to your account credentials and session validators on your hard drive. We may also include clear GIFs in some of our email messages in order to learn whether the messages are delivered and opened. We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve Eve's Website and our other services and systems, and to provide services and information that are tailored to you. If any information gathered through passive means by Project Eve is combined with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, Project Eve uses information collected by passive means in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable forms. Ning and other third-party research companies also collect information Users should refer to Ning's privacy policy to learn about its details [here](http://www.ning.com/about/legal/privacy/) . Also, please be aware that other third parties, including advertising servers, advertising networks, web analytic services (such as Google Analytics) or may set cookies or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services on Project Eve which as noted above is a part of the Ning Platform. We do not have access to, or control over, these cookies or other means of passive data collection. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third parties. We cannot control the activities of such third parties.

4\. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS

We may allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, such as Google AdSense, to serve advertisements within Project Eve. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements that appear within Project Eve on the Ning Platform and they automatically receive your IP Address and other log file information when this happens. Such third-party companies may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize their advertising content. Certain third-party companies, such as Google, may also use these cookies to serve ads to you based on your visit to Project Eve and other sites on the Internet. We do not provide your Personal Information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience that they were trying to reach. You may click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) to visit the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page, where you can learn more about its member companies' practices and to opt out from the collection and use of information by its member companies. Additionally, if any Google AdSense advertisements are used by Ning or Project Eve, you may opt out of Google's use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy located [here](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/). We reserve the right to add or remove third-party ad networks and ad servers in our discretion. We may not at all times list such updated ad network or ad server partners in this Privacy Policy.

5\. INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES

We may also obtain information, including Personal Information, from third-party sources. This includes certain Personal Information that may be provided to us through the installation and use of Ning Applications on third party web sites. If we directly combine information from other third parties with Personal Information that we collect on Project Eve, we will treat the combined information as "Personal Information" and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

6\. HOW PROJECT EVE USES PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may use Personal Information to operate, provide, improve, and maintain the Project Eve website, and our other services and systems, and to develop new products and services; to prevent abusive and fraudulent use of Project Eve and our other services and systems; to send you administrative messages, and information about Project Eve, content, and Eve services in which we believe you may be interested; and for other administrative and internal business purposes.

7\. WHEN PROJECT EVE DISCLOSES PERSONAL INFORMATION

We do not sell or rent email addresses and other Personal Information. We do not share Personal Information with third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware, however, that any information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of Project Eve, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by us or others without restriction.

**Project Eve Affiliates:** Although we currently do not have a parent company or any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that is under common control with us (collectively, "affiliates"), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our affiliates, in which case we will seek to require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.

**Legal Requirements:** We may disclose Personal Information if we have a good faith belief that doing so is required by a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order or otherwise required by law. Additionally, we may disclose Personal Information where we, in good faith, deem it appropriate or necessary to prevent violation of the Project Eve Terms of Service, or our other agreements; take precautions against liability; protect the rights, property, or safety of Project Eve, any individual, or the general public; maintain and protect the security and integrity of our services or infrastructure; protect ourselves and our services from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; or assist government enforcement agencies.

8\. CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP  
In the event of a change in ownership, or a merger with, acquisition by, or sale of assets to, another entity, we reserve the right to transfer all of your Personal Information, including email addresses, to that entity. We will use reasonable efforts to notify registered users of such a transfer (by a posting on our home page, or by email to a Member's email address that was provided to us, as chosen by us in our discretion).

9\. SECURITY  
We use industry standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal Information under our control. Although we make good faith efforts to maintain the security of such Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that it will remain free from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. Further, while we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent "hackers" or other unauthorized persons from illegally accessing or obtaining this information. We do not assume any liability to third parties whose information you include in your address book, contact list or any similar items, or which you post or transmit in any Content on a Network. To help maintain the security of your account credentials, please keep your password secure. If we learn of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using Project Eve or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of Project Eve. If a security systems breach occurs, we may post a notice on our Buzz page, or elsewhere on Project Eve and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.

10\. CHILDREN  
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") protects the online privacy of children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law. Any person who provides Personal Information through Project Eve represents to us that he or she is 13 years of age or older. If we learn that Personal Information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Project Eve, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has become a Member, please contact Project Eve at [admin@projecteve.com](mailto:admin@projecteve.com) to have that child's account terminated and information deleted.

11\. YOUR CHOICES  
You may, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain categories of Personal Information that you have provided to us by signing in to your profile at ProjectEve.com and updating the Personal Information. Members may also, at any time, elect to leave Project Eve and delete their profile. Members may do so by selecting the option to leave on the settings menu in their member profile. Please note that certain categories of content you've posted, such as groups you've created or discussions you've started or participated in, will not be automatically deleted during this process. We make it a practice not to delete, posts, or other content in the community based on the decision to leave Project Eve alone. All content is granted to Project Eve with perpetual electronic publishing rights. Any content posted on this community becomes a part of the Project Eve community even if the member is no longer a part of or community.  If you wish to request deletion of this remaining content (groups, discussions, blogs, etc.), please contact [admin@projecteve.com](mailto:admin@projecteve.com) or at the address noted in the "Contact Us" Section.

Additionally, even if you update or remove Personal Information that you have provided to us, your Personal Information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time for legal purposes.

12\. EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS AND UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL EMAIL

We may send you administrative messages, and updates regarding your account, Project Eve, and our services, by email. Project Eve may also send administrative or promotional messages to the extent permitted by applicable law, [Project Eve's Terms of Service](http://projecteve.com/main/authorization/termsOfService?previousUrl=http%3A%2F%2Fprojecteve.com%2Fpage%2Fprivacy-policy) and the [Ning Terms of Service](http://www.ning.com/about/legal/tos/). You may indicate your preferences regarding certain administrative email messages by following adjusting your preferences by selecting Settings (on the right) in your profile page and then selecting E-mail (on the left) and adjusting your notifications. Additionally, you can choose to opt-out of receiving messages from Project Eve by following the directions on the bottom of the email message you receive. Project Eve's Terms of Service prohibit Users from engaging in any activity involving the sending of email in violation of applicable law, including CAN-SPAM and other laws regulating unsolicited commercial email. Violations of these policies may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against any senders or initiators of such messages.

13\. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

Project Eve, may contain links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any Personal Information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's policies governing privacy and security. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services. We encourage you to learn about third parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with Personal Information. Project Eve has enabled "Social Sign-In," which allows Members to use their account credentials from certain third-party services (such as Facebook, Google or Yahoo!) to sign in or sign up for membership at Project Eve. As part of the sign-up process, the third party service will transmit certain information used to complete the new Member's profile page, including name, email address and, where available, profile photo, birthdate, gender and location. Any of the transmitted profile information, except for email address, can be updated or changed during sign up. The email address can be changed after sign up. Project Eve allows Members to share content via Facebook, Twitter and Share links. Project Eve has the ability to embed third party widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that can be added to provide specific services from another company (e.g., videos, music, games, polls, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through a widget. Cookies may also be set by a widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by a widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it. Project Eve offers publicly accessible blogs and certain community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. From time to time and with your prior consent, we may seek and post a testimonial (along with your name) regarding your experiences with Project Eve. If you want your testimonial removed, please contact us any time by contacting us at [admin@projecteve.com](mailto:admin@projecteve.com) or at the address set forth below in the "Contact Us" Section.

14\. INTERNATIONAL USERS

Project Eve is hosted in the United States. If you use the Project Eve from the European Union, or any other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States. The United States does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union and other regions. By providing Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, you consent to the use of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States.

15\. CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will update the "effective date" at the top of the Privacy Policy. If we make an update to this Privacy Policy that is materially less restrictive in our use or disclosure of Personal Information that we collected prior to the update, we will provide you with prior notice of the pending update and seek your consent by posting notice on ProjectEve.com or by contacting you using the email address in your Project Eve Profile. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information on Project Eve. Your continued use and membership with Project Eve constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.

16\. CONTACTING US

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at admin@projecteve.com.

You may also write to us at:

Project Eve  
1890 Polk Street #402  
San Francisco, CA 94109  
Attn: Privacy Policy
