> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the projectnursery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101128221029id_/http%3A//projectnursery.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Project Nursery

Welcome to Projectnursery.com [](http://projectnursery.com/wp-content/uploads2/2010/01/logo-lowres-250.jpg), a service provided by Project Nursery, LLC (“PN”). This “Privacy Policy” is our commitment to serve you and to protect your privacy online and applies to this Site, however accessed.

From time to time, PN may change this Privacy Policy. The updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site, so that you will always be aware of what information PN collects and how it is used. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically to see if any changes have been made. This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 9, 2010.  This Privacy Policy, together with the [Terms of Use](http://projectnursery.com/terms/) **** posted on this Site, sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Site.  When you access the PN site, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

PN collections (1) information that you provide that personally identifies you; and (2) information that does not personally identify you, that we automatically collect when you visit PN or that you provide us.

**Access to Community Forums and Photo Gallery (“Community” and “Gallery”)** The Site contains a social networking community forum for its users (“Community”) which includes a photo gallery of photo images submitted by users (“Gallery”). In order to join the PN Community, or use any of the community, interactive, or customized features of the Site, you must first complete the registration form and create a user name and password. During registration you are required to give information including but not limited to your first and last name, email address, gender, number of children, and zip code (all such personally identifiable information, “Personal Information”).

If you choose to join the Community, you will be able to create a Profile Page. This page contains your user name and state of residence. All other information you add to this page is optional and at your own discretion, including the ability to share photos.

Whether or not you register for the Community and share additional personally identifiable information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to either participate in the particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer or gain access to certain content on the PN site.

**HOW WE USE AND SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED**

The Personal Information you input when you register for the Site is used to confirm your membership and assign you a password. If you opt to receive future communication from PN and/or our partners, your email address will be used to deliver electronic communication. Any demographic information you input is used to understand our member demographics, so that we can improve the Site for our members. Unless you opted to receive information from PN’s partner sites, your information will not be shared with any organizations or companies under any circumstance, within the limits of the law.

**Community Forums.** You may opt to post messages and/or comments on our Community Forums (“Forums”). Members of PN and other users of the Site can view any information posted on these Forums, whether it be personally identifiable or not. Any Personal Information that is posted on the Forums is your responsibility and may result in unsolicited messages from unknown people. You are encouraged to exercise discretion when providing Personal Information in and through the Forums. PN takes no responsibility for any information posted on the forums.

**Contests and Surveys.** PN may provide its users the opportunity to participate in contests and surveys on the Site. Should you chose to participate in a PN contest or survey, PN will request certain Personal Information from you. Participation in these contests and surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested Personal Information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code, number of children and gender).  PN may use a third party service provider to conduct PN contests and surveys; that company will be prohibited from using PN users’ Personal Information for any other purpose. PN will not share the Personal Information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties without first providing prior notice and seeking consent to such use.

**Invite Friends.** If you choose to use the PN referral service to tell a friend about the PN site, PN will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. PN will send a one-time invitation to join PN email and will not store and/or retain your friend’s email address.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure.** PN shares aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and/or advertisers and/or investors. This information does not identify individual users. PN may use it to learn about the geographic location of our users or other ways to make the experience better for our users/members. PN will also use the information to report aggregate statistics on site utilization to the investors and/or partners and advertisers in order to improve the user experience and to better enable PN to continue offering the Site.

**Service Providers.** We may use an outside company to maintain the back end of the PN Site. This company does not retain, share, store, or use Personal Information for any other purposes.

**Log Files.** As is true of most Web sites, PN gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. PN uses this information – which does not identify individual users – to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about PN’s user base as a whole. PN does not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information.

**Third Party Tracking Service.** PN uses a third-party tracking service [Google Analytics] that uses cookies and/or log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to the Site in the aggregate (i.e. user paths, entrance pages, exit pages, most visited pages, most clicked links) to help us understand better visitor behavior on the Site so we can improve the Site’s user interface and provide additional content in content categories that are most popular amongst Site users.

**Cookies.** A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. PN uses cookies on this Site. PN does not link the information PN stores in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on the Site. PN uses both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. PN uses session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. PN sets a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable PN to track and target the interests of PN users to enhance the experience on our Site.

Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers, content partners) may use cookies on the Site or on pages that PN links to. PN has no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies on the Site only and does not cover the use of cookies by other sites whose material is displayed on/or linked to this Site.

**Mobile Device Identifiers.** Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and PN or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the Site through mobile devices. Certain features of the PN Site may require collection of mobile phone numbers, and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information. Additionally, some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service. Depending on the provider, PN or our third-party service providers may receive this information.

**Embedded Scripts.** An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Computer from PN’s third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

**Clear GIFs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs).** Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in PN web pages and/or e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. PN may use clear GIFs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows PN to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.

**Third Party Advertisers.** The Site displays various sized rotating advertising banners and/or buttons. PN shares aggregate, non-personal information only with those organizations/companies to let them know if their advertisement is being “clicked.”

**Business Transitions.** In the event PN goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information.

**Your California Privacy Rights**. Residents of the State of California, under certain provisions of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California, a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes. You are limited to one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may request the information in writing at: admin@projectnursery.com

**CHILDEN**

The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. PN does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Site from visitors in this age group. PN does, however, collect information about children and babies from users of the Site. PN asks that our users not provide information about a baby or child without first receiving parental consent.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at privacy@projectnursery.com. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child’s personally identifiable information.

**LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

This Site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by PN. Please be aware that PN is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Links to other sites do not signify our endorsing their information. PN will not give any of your Personal Information to the owners / administrators of these linked sites. However, if you decide to give any identifying information to the sponsors of these sites (for example purchasing an item) be advised that PN is not responsible for the ways in which the owners/administrators of these linked sites use the information that you give to them. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.

**CONTACT AND OPT-OUT INFORMATION**

If at any point you wish to not receive any emails or other communication from PN, and/or its partners, please let us know by sending us an e-mail or simply choose to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the email.  If you find anything posted on the Site to be inappropriate, please send details about the posting, including the page on which you saw it and the URL in an email to webmaster@projectnursery.com with the words “Inappropriate Web Content” in the subject line. PN reserves the right to discontinue any person’s account if the account violates PN Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use.

**Legal Disclaimer.** Though PN makes every effort to preserve your privacy, PN may need to disclose your personal information when required by law wherein PN has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on the Site.

**Security.** The security of your personal information is important to PN. PN follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and retention/storage of it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while PN strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, PN cannot guarantee absolute security.
