> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the projectyourself.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190517104856id_/https%3A//projectyourself.com/pages/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Project Yourself

##  SECTION 1 - DEFINITIONS

SERVICE

Any sites operated by Deep Origins LLC.

PERSONAL DATA  
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

USAGE DATA  
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

DATA CONTROLLER  
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

  
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS)  
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.  
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

  
DATA SUBJECT (OR USER)  
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

  
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE  
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.

##  SECTION 2 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?

When you purchase something from our service, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.

Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.

##  SECTION 3 - CONSENT

How do you get my consent?

When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.

If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.

How do I withdraw my consent?

If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at [support@deeporigins.com](mailto:support@deeporigins.com) 

##  SECTION 4 - DISCLOSURE

We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.

##  SECTION 5 - HOSTING

Our service is hosted on Shopify Inc and Clickfunnels. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.

Your data is stored through their data storage, databases and their applications. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.

Payment:

Our merchant/payment gateway providers store your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.

All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.

PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.

##  SECTION 6 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.

However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.

For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.

In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.

As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.

Once you leave our store's website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website's Terms of Service.

Links

When you click on links, they may direct you away from our service. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.

##  SECTION 7 - TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED

PERSONAL DATA

While using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

* Email address  
* Address  
* First name and last name  
* Cookies and Usage Data

  
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

  
USAGE DATA  
We may also collect information how our services are accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

TRACKING COOKIES DATA  
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity and hold certain information.  
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.  
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all our service functionality.

Examples of Cookies we use:  
* Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.  
* Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.  
* Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

  
USE OF DATA  
We use the collected data for various purposes:  
* To provide and maintain our service  
* To notify you about changes to our service  
* To provide customer support  
* To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service  
* To monitor the usage of our service   
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues  
* To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

##  SECTION 8 - SECURITY OF DATA

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

##  SECTION 9 - LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

WE MAY PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA BECAUSE:

* We need to perform a contract with you or ship purchased products to you.

* You have given us permission to do so

* The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights

* For payment processing purposes

* To comply with the law

RETENTION OF DATA

* We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

* We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

##  SECTION 10 - YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

  
IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS:

  
* The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.  
* The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.  
* The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.  
* The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.  
* The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.  
* The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your consent to process your personal information.

  
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

  
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

##  SECTION 11 - AGE OF CONSENT

By using our service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use our service.

##  SECTION 12 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.

If any of our service is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
