> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the projectmanagement.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160608021134id_/http%3A//www.projectmanagement.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ProjectManagement.com - Projectmanagement.com Privacy Policy

**PROJECTMANAGEMENT.COM **PRIVACY POLICY****

_**Why a Privacy Policy?**_

The ProjectManagement.com privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") recognizes that you need appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information that you share with us, including any information that identifies you personally, such as name, address and telephone number.

We have established this privacy policy so you can understand how carefully we intend to treat the information you provide to ProjectManagement.com.

ProjectManagement.com is owned by Project Management Institute (PMI), which is recognized as the world's leading project management professional association. We strive to provide our members and customers with the top products and services available and recognize that building a long-term business relationship with you depends on a great deal on trust. This trust begins with our commitment to respecting as well as protecting your privacy and in furtherance of this goal, ProjectManagement.com acknowledges that it respects the privacy rights of its members and customer and will comply with all applicable privacy laws in the countries in which projectmanagement.com does business.

We have structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit ProjectManagement.com on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.) you can be assured that it will only be used to support your member/customer relationship with projectmanagement.com. Pursuant to the delivery of ProjectManagement.com’s products and services, we may request and/or require you to submit personal information. However, you can be assured that any such personal information that you submit to projectmanagement.com will be protected by industry standard security and management procedures and will be used only for the purpose for which it was submitted, unless you request or agree otherwise. Our privacy statement covers five main areas: Awareness, Choice, Access & Correction, Security, and Additional Web Site Information.  
 

**1\. Awareness**  
ProjectManagement.com provides this Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

**What Information We Collect**  
On the ProjectManagement.com web site, , you are able to read articles and blogs, interact with the community, download deliverable templates, attend webinars and watch videos,  Most of the activity on ProjectManagement.com requires that you register and share some information about yourself. ,. The types of personal information collected by ProjectManagement.com may include your name, your employer and job title, your contact and address information your e-mail address and telephone number and under certain circumstances, your credit card information. In order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our products and services, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products, and contact preferences. Additionally, certain portions of www.ProjectManagement.com may prompt you to provide other personal information in your user profile, may ask you to answer demographic or personal preference questions, or may ask for financial information to complete a purchase. You may choose not to provide this information, but if you do so, you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services on the web site.

**Information Collected Through Technology**  
When you use any of our web sites or services, we or our service providers may collect tracking information such as your IP address, browser type, mobile device, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, pages visited on the web site as well as advertisements visited through the web site. We use this information for aggregate reporting and to help customize your user experience to match your interests... For example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on our web sites or which pages or features get the most attention. We use this information to make our web sites and other products and services more useful to you; to provide you with more effective customer service; to make the web sites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and to display content and advertising that are customized to your interests and preferences.  (See Section 5, Additional Web Site Information, for more information about technologies used to collect information about user activity on ProjectManagement.COM web sites.)

**How We Use the Information**  
ProjectManagement.com uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete transactions requested by you, to communicate back to you, and to offer and update you on projectmanagement.com services and benefits. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained.

From time to time, we may also desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. ProjectManagement.com will not reveal your personal information publicly or to any third party (except as stated below), unless we receive your explicit permission to do so. In addition, if at any time you would like to have your name removed from projectmanagement.com lists and/or directories, please follow the directions given below in the "Choice" section (Section 2) of this document to opt-out of such contact.

**With Whom We Share the Information**  
ProjectManagement.com will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others without your permission. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide to us with other ProjectManagement.com entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf to help us provide you with our products and services, or if ProjectManagement.com sells, assigns or transfers a part of our business that provides a particular service to you; provided that your personally identifiable information may be sold, assigned or transferred only to the acquirer as a part of such transaction. Such ProjectManagement.com entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by this Privacy Policy and applicable confidentiality agreements.  
 

**2\. Choice**  
Projectmanagement.com will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us for purposes other than for which the information was originally submitted, without your express permission. We will also provide you the opportunity to inform us at any time if you choose to opt-out of partial or total contact from projectmanagement.comand we will comply with such requests. This choice regarding communications from ProjectManagement.com may be offered on your account on our website, registration forms or webpages, or at the bottom of online or off-line communications from us. If you have any difficulty exercising your choices, please send your request to privacy@pmi.org. You may also exercise your choices by contacting ProjectManagement.comthrough PMI by phone at +1-610-356-4600, option 8 (Customer Care) or by mail at Project Management Institute, Inc., Fourteen Campus Boulevard, Newtown Square, PA 19073, Attention: D. Murray, Privacy Officer. Your permission will always be secured first, should we ever decide to share your information with third parties that are not acting on our behalf and not governed by our privacy policy.

_Non-Personally Identifiable Information_  
Without your consent, projectmanagement.com may aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other parties for marketing, promotional and other purposes. Except as set forth above, we do not disclose without your consent any information that could be used to identify you personally.

**3\. Access & Correction**  
Projectmanagement.com strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We will provide you with access to your information, including making every effort to provide you with online access to your registration data so that you may review, update or correct your personal information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections. If you are a ProjectManagement.com member, you can access your personal information by logging into ProjectManagement.com and making whatever changes you require under the “Account” section.  You may also request a change in your personal information by contacting [privacy@pmi.org](mailto:privacy@pmi.org).  You may also exercise your choices by contacting ProjectManagement.comthrough PMI by phone at +1-610-356-4600, option 8 (Customer Care) or by mail at Project Management Institute, Inc., Fourteen Campus Boulevard, Newtown Square, PA 19073, Attention: D. Murray, Privacy Officer..  
 

**4\. Security**  
Projectmanagement.com is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.   We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your sensitive credit or debit card information. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which creates an encrypted connection between you and our systems for the transmission of any credit or debit card information you input online and we use encryption protection for any payment authorizations for transactions we request through any channel. We do not store credit card information.

Any unauthorized access to or use of any of our web sites and other products and services or to the information collected and maintained by us should be immediately brought to our attention by contacting us via email at [privacy@pmi.org](mailto:privacy@pmi.org), by phone at 800-895-2535 or by writing to us at Project Management Institute, Attn: Security, 14 Campus Blvd, Newtown Square, PA 19073. We will investigate, and, if necessary, take action to halt any violation of the security of your personal information of which we become aware.

Your access to some services and content is password protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. ProjectManagement.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. You should not disclose your user name and password to others. In addition, if you are working on a computer which may be accessed by other users,  you should remember to sign out of your projectmanagement.com account or service at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our best efforts to protect your personal information, projectmanagement.com cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. You transmit all such information at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.  
 

**5\. Additional Web Site Information**  
(a) How projectmanagement.com Uses Technology to Improve Your Web Site Experience

Projectmanagement.com uses cookies and web beacons (described below), to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our sites and services. Additionally, we collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every web site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring web site addresses. We also deliver advertisements and provide web site analytics tools on non- projectmanagement.com sites and services, and we may collect information about page views on these third party sites as well.

Most aggregate information is collected via cookies, web beacons and other technical methods. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs), in conjunction with cookies, are used to compile statistics about site usage. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites or applications. We or our service providers use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our web sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our web sites and to measure site effectiveness or use of online products and services. We also use Web beacons in HTML e-mails that we send our visitors who have agreed to receive e-mail from us, to determine whether our recipients have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. On their own, cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information. However, if you choose to furnish projectmanagement.com with personally identifiable information, this information can be associated to the data stored in the cookies or Web beacons. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to our service providers. These technical methods allow us to make our web sites and other products and services, and any e-mails you have agreed to receive, more interesting to you. You may render some Web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies.

We also use cookies to store, and sometimes to track, user information. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering or subscribing to our web sites. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie contains a unique number that allows our web sites to recognize your computer. We use both temporary and persistent cookies; a temporary cookie tracks visitor activity during a session or visit and it expires when you close your browser. We use them to provide continuity for your visit as you visit web site pages. Persistent cookies allow us to keep track of your user name and password (if you are a subscriber) so you don't have to re-enter that information each time you visit. The Help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to register, login, or take advantage of various features on our Sites that are available to other visitors.

ProjectManagement.com wants to ensure that you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. This practice is strictly enforced. We are aware that a lot of people have concerns about cookies, but we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. We value the relationships we have with our customers, so we respect these concerns. ProjectManagement.com works to continuously improve the projectmanagement.com.org web experience and personal data privacy policy and practices.

(b) Links to Third Party Websites  
Links to third party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the ProjectManagement.com site. ProjectManagement.com has not comprehensively reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. Thus, ProjectManagement.com does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.  
 

**6\. Enforcement/Contact Information**  
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@pmi.org. Douglas Murray, Esq., Manager, Legal Compliance, is the authorized privacy officer for PMI and ProjectManagement.com. ProjectManagement.com is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission. Any disputes arising out of a breach of this policy will be submitted to and resolved by the privacy dispute resolution procedure set up by the Direct Marketing Association.  
 

**7\. Changes to this Statement**  
If there are updates to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes and update the revision date listed on this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. For material changes to this Policy, projectmanagement.com will provide notification to affected customers.  
 

**8\. Legal Agreement**  
This Privacy Policy forms a legal agreement between you and ProjectManagement.com. Your use of www.ProjectManagement.com indicates your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You agree that the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (the "ECPA") shall not apply to any communications with ProjectManagement.com. ProjectManagement.com has the right to revise this agreement at any time without notice by updating the Privacy Policy posted to the Web Site. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this web site or your dealings with this web site, please contact: [privacy@pmi.org](mailto:privacy@pmi.org).

Projectmanagement.com  
14 Campus Boulevard  
Newtown Square, PA 19073  
(610) 356-4600 opt 8  
E-mail: [privacy@pmi.org](mailto:privacy@pmi.org)

Thank you for your support of ProjectManagement.com and its Privacy Policy.

Revised June 10, 2015
