> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the propertywala.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230024226id_/http%3A//info.propertywala.com/about/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - PropertyWala.comPropertyWala.com

We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This privacy policy is designed to inform you how we make use of information gathered from you and others visiting the PropertyWala.com website.

Certain pages allow you to request and submit information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, etc. (“Personal Information”). You are not under any obligation to disclose the Personal Information. We only collects the amount of Personal Information that is relevant for the specific product or service. We may use the Personal Information to acknowledge receipt of your communications and send you information and updates about PropertyWala.com. We do NOT give away this information to any third party.

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information that you provide to us. This statement explains our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by PropertyWala.com. Please note that, we review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms of this policy periodically to make sure that you are aware of how PropertyWala.com website collects and uses personal information. By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as explained below.

**Personal Information.** You have complete control over your personal information. In general, you can visit our web site without providing us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must have your personal information in order for us to grant you an access to our protected and secured sites. This information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data and response data. When you receive your confirmation email or when you receive any email from the list server, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list.

**Disclosure of User Information.** PropertyWala.com does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User Information with our business partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. For example, we provide User Information to our service providers for direct emailing of our newsletters, online surveys or notifications on PropertyWala.com offerings to our viewers. We also disclose User Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for PropertyWala.com Offerings, in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.

**Accuracy and Security.** The accuracy and security of the User Information is important to us. If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner. We are concerned with the security of your User Information and are committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. To that end, we put in place the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information. We also continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete and current User Information.

**Usernames and Passwords.** Access to certain content on our web site will require a username and/or password. In some cases, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from accessing certain sections on the PropertyWala.com web site containing certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers. By accessing and using our protected and secured web site sections, you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected to access such sections and consent to our Terms of Use.

**Cookies.** PropertyWala.com website can use “cookies”. A cookie is a small data file that a web site can transfer to a visitor’s hard drive to keep records of the visits to such site. A cookie contains information such as your username and password that helps us recognize the pages you have visited and improve future visits, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted, however, we do not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. However, access to our secured web site sections may require the use of per-session cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer, which you must enable only cookies that get sent back to the originating server. Otherwise, you can still access most of the features on our web site even without accepting a cookie.

**External Links.** PropertyWala.com web site provides links to other third party web sites. Even if the third party is affiliated with us through a business partnership or otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access them at your own risk.
