> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the proxysite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190426045215id_/https%3A//www.proxysite.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ProxySite.com

**Logging policy for traffic passing through ProxySite.com**  
The nature of this free platform attracts people attempting to abuse the service. ProxySite.com uses an automated system to monitor URLs for abuse in real time on our public web proxy. Logs are kept for 14 days to allow us to identify abuse and maintain our real time monitoring to prevent abuse in the future. After 14 days log are automatically deleted. We don't sell any personal information. We do not look at or capture any data that passes through our networks. We do not log any traffic on our premium VPN and private services.

 **Log Files**  
Like many other Web sites, This Website makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. 

**Cookies and Web Beacons**  
This Website uses cookies when you change your browsing settings. If you edit your browser or change your referral that information will be stored in a cookie. When browsing through our service, any cookies that you allow to be generated by the website your visiting are stored in your browser on ProxySite.com. You can manage these on the Manage Cookies page.

 **DoubleClick DART Cookie**

.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on This Website.  
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to This Website and other sites on the Internet.   
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html 

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .......   
Google Adsense 

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on This Website send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. 

This Website has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. This Website's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. 
