> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the filevice.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121205014438id_/http%3A//filevice.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FileVice - ทางที่ง่ายสำหรับการแลกเปลี่ยนไฟล์

**Importance of your Privacy Policy**

This FileVice Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") covers our treatment of personally identifiable information and other information that we collect when you: (a) access or use the website located at FileVice.com (the "Website"); (b) become a Member (as defined in the FileVice Website Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions"); and/or (c) use the Services (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). The Website is an Internet property of FileVice Ltd. and its affiliated companies (FileVice," "we" or "us"). 

Need help Signing up?

If you have any questions please email us at **support@filevice.com**

**Personally Identifiable Information Collected**

In order to attempt to obtain access to the Services and/or become a Member, end-users may be required to provide personally identifiable information ("PII") on the applicable registration form that may include, but not be limited to, all or some of the following: (a) your e-mail address; (b) your Facebook® account ID; (c) your credit card information (depending on your preferred means of payment); and/or (d) any other information requested on the applicable registration form. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, items (b) and (c) in the preceding sentence shall be referred to as "Sensitive Information." 

To the extent that FileVice collects your credit card-specific information, if ever, we will use the information to process and complete any transaction that you request. By submitting your credit card information to us, you authorize FileVice to periodically verify that your credit card account continues to be a valid and active one by charging, and thereafter immediately crediting, a small sum to the card. Such verification may be conducted through a third-party and, in that case, FileVice would share your specific credit card information with this third-party for verification purposes. Apart from said uses, we will not share your credit card information with any third-parties without your prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, FileVice reserves the right to share with third-parties the fact that we have credit card information on file for specific users, but we will not share your specific credit card information with third-parties without your prior informed consent. 

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Facebook" shall mean Facebook Inc. Please be advised that FileVice is not in any way affiliated with Facebook, and the Website and Services are neither endorsed, nor sponsored, by Facebook. Facebook® is a registered trademark of Facebook Inc.

**Use of PII**

The PII that you submit via the Website remains your property, but by submitting such information to us you grant us the right, subject to applicable state and federal law, to use the PII (other than Sensitive Information) for marketing purposes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute any and all PII (other than Sensitive Information), on an aggregate and non-aggregate basis, with/to any third-party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. These third parties may include, but shall not be limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law); (d) SMS text-based marketers (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law); and (e) direct marketers. 

We may also use your PII for any Services-related purpose, and/or marketing and survey purpose, on our own behalf and on behalf of our affiliates and subsidiaries. We may disclose PII to third-party agents and independent contractors that help us create and/or operate promotions and surveys. You agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the Website. We also use contact information from your PII to send you information about the Services, our other offerings and to keep you informed of our other products and services that may be of interest to you and to contact you about your billing account status. Please keep in mind, though, that we do not control, and are not responsible for, the practices of our third-party advertisers. If you wish to stop receiving future communications from us and/or third party advertisers, or if you wish to prevent the transfer and/or sale of your PII to third parties (subject to restrictions contained in applicable state and federal law), please contact us. 

By submitting your Facebook® account ID at the Website, you agree to grant us access to your Facebook® profile for the sole and exclusive purpose of delivering Member Content URLs (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) to your Facebook® profile. 

By submitting your PII at the Website, you agree to receive e-mail marketing from us and our third-party advertisers. In addition, where you submit a telephone number at the Website, if ever, you agree that such act constitutes a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 CFR ?310 et seq. (the "ATSR"). With respect to the ATSR, and notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission?s Do-Not-Call List, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the terms of the ATSR. 

In addition, where you submit a mobile telephone number at the Website, if ever, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, SMS text-message based marketing, from us and our third party advertisers and marketers (where, and to the extent that, such marketing is permitted by applicable law). As such, notwithstanding that your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact you via SMS text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law. Further, you agree that we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute your mobile telephone and other mobile data with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, FileVice reserves the right to release current or past Personal Information: (i) in the event that we believe that the Website and/or Services is/are being or has/have been used in violation of the Terms and Conditions or to commit unlawful acts; (ii) if the information is subpoenaed; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any Personal Information pursuant to a subpoena; or (iii) if FileVice is sold, merged or acquired; provided, however, that if FileVice is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Website of any change in ownership or uses of your PII, as well as any choices you may have regarding your PII.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected**

Cookies: The first time that a user provides an e-mail address in connection with his/her activities at the Website, we assign an identification number to that e-mail address and deploy a cookie ("Cookie") to the applicable user's PC. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. To find out more about cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the Website; provided, however, that certain functions of the Services and/or Website may be impaired or rendered inoperable if the use of Cookies is disabled. 

Whenever that user comes back to the Website using the same PC, the cookie allows the Website to identify the user and to recall the user?s e-mail address. If, at any time, a user provides other information in connection with his/her activities on the Website (such as name, address, birth date, gender, etc.), we may store that information, along with the user's e-mail address, in our user database. We may use the information stored in our database: (a) to effectuate the purpose or transaction for which the information was originally provided by a user; (b) to pre-populate information fields in the event that the subject user wishes to purchase products and/or services or sign up for and/or subscribe to services, promotions or other offers in the future; (c) to ensure that a user will not be repeatedly exposed to the same advertisements, offers and/or promotions while visiting the Website; and/or (d) to, in connection with regular communication with a user, include offers, promotions or advertisements that were historically, or are likely to be, of interest to that user. We also use cookies to anonymously track and target the interests of our users to further enhance the experience on the Website. 

IP Address: Each time that you visit the Website, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address and the web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Website and to better serve you in using the products, services and other features associated with the Website. 

Action Tags: An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or actions by visitors who view certain advertisements or other information on the Website. Action tags are 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information. We may use action tags to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular banner ad or visit the pages of the Website and to provide information about what products/services are viewed or purchased. We reserve the right to retain cookie and action tag data indefinitely. At no time will we share cookie-related, action-tag-related and/or generated information and/or data with third parties. 

**Use of Non-PII**

We use demographic information, and data derived from Cookies, IP Address tracking and Action Tags (collectively, "Non-PII") to tailor the Website and/or Services to the interests of our users. Non-PII is shared with third party advertisers so that they can tailor their advertisements to the appropriate audience. Non-PII may also be shared with third parties. 

We reserve the right to provide Non-PII about our users for lawful purposes. Non-PII is data that describes the demographics, usage or characteristics of our participants as a group, without disclosing personally identifiable information. By becoming a Member, you agree to allow us to provide such Non-PII to third parties. 

**Third Party Websites**

This Website may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites. FileVice is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of these third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and FileVice has no responsibility or liability relating to them.

**Security**

We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users information. The privacy of your PII is very important to us. The servers that we store PII in are kept in a secure physical environment. When our registration/application process asks users to enter Sensitive Information, and when we store and transmit such Sensitive Information, that information is encrypted and protected with SSL encryption software. While we use SSL encryption to protect Sensitive Information online, we also do everything in our power to protect all user information off-line and online. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your PII, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 

All of our users? information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to PII. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your PII. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures. 

**Minors**

No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Website by visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. Persons under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to access the Website and we do not knowingly collect PII from such individuals. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

**Opt-Out/Unsubscribe**

To opt-out of receiving e-mail advertising, SMS text-based marketing (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law), telemarketing and direct mail marketing from us, please contact us via our Support Portal.

**Deleting and Updating Your Information**

At your request, we will inform you of what PII we have on file for you. In addition, at your request, we will remove PII that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. Please be advised that deleting your PII will only delete the PII contained in our database. This deletion will not change or delete PII which may have already been shared with third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact the third parties that contact you directly to change your preferences regarding their use of your Personal Information.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

FileVice reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Website that we are changing our Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use PII changes, FileVice will notify users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our users via e-mail; and/or (b) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your PII in this different manner. At any time that you do not agree with the changes, you must opt out by contacting us. Failure to opt out after notice of any such changes constitutes an affirmative acknowledgement and acceptance by you of the modified Privacy Policy.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Website or your dealings with the Website, please contact us using our Support Portal. 
