> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the filehippo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150627081516id_/http%3A//filehippo.com/info/cookies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FileHippo.com - Download Free Software

## What are ‘Cookies’?

Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. They are often used as a mechanism for websites to remember things that a website browser has done there in the past, for example, clicking on particular buttons, logging in, or having read pages on that site months or years ago.

## How does FileHippo use Cookies?

In common with many other website operators, we use cookies on our website. We use them to enrich your experience of using the website by allowing us to tailor what you see to what we have learned about your preferences during your visits to the site. Our cookies are also used to enable us to develop our website to reflect our customers’ interests by noting who has seen which pages, how frequently particular pages are visited and determining the most popular areas of our website. 

In general we use the following cookies:

**Strictly necessary cookies:** These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.

**Analytical/Performance Cookies:** These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily. 

**Functionality Cookies:** These are used to improve the functional performance of the website and make it easier for you to use. For example, they are used to remember that you have previously visited the website and asked to remain logged in to the website.

**Third Party Cookies:** Many of the adverts you see on our website are generated by third parties. Before running on our website, adverts are vetted for their content and we only work with companies that we feel are relevant to our content and our users. The companies that generate these adverts have their own privacy policies and may set their own or other third party cookies via these adverts. Other than setting up the coding they request when we receive the advert we don’t have control over how these companies employ cookies. In some instances, you may find these adverts contain anonymous cookies which they use for analytical purposes such as to track how many people have seen an advert. Alternatively, they may use data from these cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites based on your visit to our sites also known as Behavioural Retargeting. To help our advertisers deliver more targeted and relevant advertising to our users, we also occasionally serve adverts using selected third party service providers via platform providers such as Google that target our users based on the content they may have viewed across our website known as Online Behavioural Advertising. These cookies are anonymous and do not involve using personally identifiable information like your name, email address or telephone number.

## Why does FileHippo allow cookies from other companies on its website?

Some third party cookies help us to:

  * collect statistics about how our website is used so we can improve our website
  * make sure you can see offers that are relevant to you
  * provide specific relevant content for your preferences and interests.



Cookies by themselves can’t be used to find out the identity of any user. The information is completely anonymous and doesn’t contain any of your personal data. Unless you choose to tell them, the third party sites will never know who you are even if they assign your browser a cookie.

## Advertising

We partner with third party ad networks to either display or manage advertising on our web site. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personal information about your activities on this and other wWeb sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used to serve you targeted ads, you may opt-out of being served targeted ads by clicking [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.

## Web beacons

Our web pages may also contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that are set by our third party partners. Web beacons are used along with cookies enabling our partners to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used. We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used. 

## Local Shared Objects - Flash Cookies

Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html). 

## What happens with social networks?

If you choose to ‘share’ FileHippo content with friends through Facebook, Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.

By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.

## Managing Cookies

You can manage cookies by activating the setting on your internet browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. Please refer to the instructions or the online help files available via your relevant browser if you wish to manage cookies in this way. Alternatively, please visit [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/) for further information. 

Please note, if you refuse cookies this may mean that you can’t use some of the additional features of our website and may not be able to access certain parts of the website.

## Changes to this Cookies policy

We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are, therefore, constantly under review. From time to time we may change how we use and place cookies. Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies and practices.
