> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the filecloud.ws privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121222054707id_/http%3A//www.filecloud.ws/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FileCloud.ws - Free File Hosting - Easy way to share your files

#### PRIVACY POLICY / YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

Last Modified May 24, 2012 

This Privacy Policy outlines how filecloud.ws (also referred to as "Company", "we", "our", "us", or "website") conducts business, what information we collect, how such information is shared with third parties, and your options to control what communications you receive from us and our marketing partners. We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such revision, so we encourage you to review it periodically. Your continued use of the Website shall evidence your acceptance of any changes. We will include the date this Privacy Policy was last updated at the top of this document. 

YOUR AGREEMENT   
This website is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 18 or those who are not legal residents of the United States. By using our website or submitting information to us, you consent to our use and sharing of the information collected or submitted as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, are not 18 years of age or older, are a resident of Washington state or are not a valid resident of any other state in the United States do not provide us with any information or use any of the products or services offered or provided on this website or through our technology. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the website Terms & Conditions which govern your use of this website in general. If you do not wish to receive marketing offers and promotions via email, direct mail, SMS text and/or telephone, we ask that you not complete the registration process. You specifically authorize and provide your express consent to receive telemarketing calls from third party marketing partners, including auto-dialed calls, on your landline telephone number and/or your cell phone (if number was provided). You understand that wireless carrier standard rates may apply to any calls to your cell phone. 

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS   
Beginning January 1, 2005 under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to either (1) a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided; or (2) be notified of a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option. For California residents to opt out log in to filecloud.ws, click My Account and delete your account.   
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION   
We collect and combine personally identifiable information (“PII”) and non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII”) through various sources, including those discussed below. For your reference, PII is data collected with an intention to specifically identify, contact or locate a person, including but not limited to name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. Conversely, Non-PII is data that is not used to specifically identify, contact or locate an individual, including but not limited to zip code, gender, age, or IP address.   
Website Registration Forms   
We collect information about you when you register on one of our websites. This registration information may include, but is not limited to your:   
• e-mail address   
• full name   
• mailing address   
• telephone number   
• date of birth   
• gender   
• offer forms   
We also collect information about you when you complete a survey or offer form on one of our websites or web pages. This information may include, but is not limited to: your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and payment information; information about your background, interests, health, education, career goals, and shopping preferences; and any other personal information or unique preference information you provide to us or our advertisers.   
Publisher Partners   
When you complete a registration or offer form that is hosted by one of our website publisher partners on our behalf, the website publisher partner may submit all or a portion of the information that you submitted on the form to the Company. This information may include, but is not limited to: your IP address, e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and payment information; information about your background, interests, health, education, career goals, and shopping preferences; and any other information you provide to our website publisher partner.   
Marketing Partners   
We may receive information about you, including but not limited to your IP address, e-mail address, first name, last name, mailing address, and telephone number, from third party marketing partners that provide us with consumer data to manage on their behalf.   
SMS   
SMS, Wireless and Other Mobile Offerings: Some of the services that we provide will result in sending an SMS, wireless or other mobile offering to your cell phone. These should be obvious in the context of the offering at the time you sign up. By signing up, you are agreeing to receive these mobile offerings. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. To unsubscribe or discontinue SMS messages, send "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering. This will not affect offerings sent on behalf of third parties.   
IVR   
Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this website constitutes your express written consent to receive telemarketing calls from third-party marketers, including by means of a pre-recorded message and automated voice dialing. Your consent will be effective regardless of whether the number you have provided: (a) is a home, business, or cell phone line; and/or (b) is or will be registered on any state or federal Do-Not-Call (DNC) list, and shall remain in effect until you revoke your consent by contacting us.   
Automatic Information/Digital Identifiers   
We may automatically receive and store certain types of information about you through the data sources listed above.   
You may be familiar with the term “cookies,” which are unique alphanumeric identifiers that store information on your computer. A cookie is placed on your computer when your web browser accesses our website. We use cookies for tracking transactions and the user characteristics explained in detail throughout this Privacy Policy. If you choose, there are utilities available for purchase from independent software providers to install on your computer as well as tools/preferences you can choose through most web browsers to make website visits anonymous. Of course, cookies let you have a more satisfying website experience, so we recommend that you leave them turned on.   
We may also add third party cookies. Cookies contain anonymous, segmented data about a user’s demographics (like age, gender, and location), interests, lifestyle, household details, social media memberships, and online influences. The data in the cookies do not contain individual-level information, but rather general audience segments.   
We also collect information through our web server applications. This information includes your Internet Protocol or “IP” address, date/time stamp, browser type, and referring URL.   
Additionally, we may use pixel tracking technology to track the completion of transactions with us or our advertisers, the source information for those transactions, and your IP address, date/time stamp, browser type, and referring URL.   
Government Forms   
The Company may be required to create, collect, maintain, and submit certain information required by the government, such as IRS Forms W-9 and 1099. This information, which may include your taxpayer identification number, will not be used, shared, transferred, or sold for marketing purposes.   
How We Use This Information   
We use the collected PII and Non-PII for any legally permissible purpose in our sole discretion, including but not limited those explained below.   
Ad Serving   
We may serve advertisements to you based, in part, on your IP address, the demographic and geographic information you submitted to the Company during the website registration process, and other socio-economic information, psychographic information, Internet behavior (i.e., browsing, search, shopping, purchase, and ad response behavior), and lifestyle information about you that we obtain from other Company entities and from third parties.   
We also use third party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our websites. These companies may use and optimize information (not including your name, mailing address, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.   
Pre-select/Pre-fill Offers   
Our website technology may pre-select certain offers for you to view based on the demographic and geographic information you submitted to the Company during the website registration process. Additionally, this technology may pre-fill some or all of the offers’ data fields with the information you submitted during the website registration process in order to prevent you from having to re-enter this information. We may not show all of the pre-filled data fields to you.   
Customer Service and Fulfillment   
We may use your information to operate the website promotion, service your account and to fulfill rewards earned through Company websites. We may also use your information to verify your identity or claimed account status and, where we consider appropriate, investigate your compliance with the terms and conditions of the website promotion or any advertiser offer. We do retain customer service correspondence.   
Marketing   
We may use your information in our online (e.g., e-mail marketing) and offline (e.g., telemarketing, cell phone text messaging, skip tracing, and direct mail) marketing programs. With respect to telemarketing in particular, you authorize us and our third-party marketing partners to call your landline telephone and/or cell phone (if provided) and you understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates may apply to any calls to your cell phone. If you would like to be removed from these programs, log in to filecloud.ws click My Account and delete your account.   
SMS   
SMS, Wireless and Other Mobile Offerings: Some of the services that we provide will result in sending an SMS, wireless or other mobile offering to your cell phone. These should be obvious in the context of the offering at the time you sign up. By signing up, you are agreeing to receive these mobile offerings. You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS Service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. The use of this information will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. You may opt out of the SMS Service at any time by replying "STOP", "END", or "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering.   
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION   
We may share the collected PII and Non-PII for any legally permissible purpose in our sole discretion, including but not limited to those explained below.   
Within the Company   
We may share information we collect with affiliated companies, including our parent company and other subsidiaries of our parent company, for use in their ad serving and marketing programs. This Privacy Policy does not apply to affiliated companies and their collection, use and sharing of information.   
Vendors   
We may share your information with various third party vendors that are not part of the Company, including but not limited to vendors that provide us with technology to deploy commercial e-mail, vendors that sell the products or services for which you have qualified through one of our websites, and shipping companies that we utilize to ship products to you.   
Advertisers   
When you participate in an offer by completing a form, we will transfer the information you submitted on the form to the applicable advertiser.   
When you answer “yes” or “no” to a survey question, some or all of the information that you submitted during the website registration process will be transferred to advertisers that we believe may be of interest to you without providing you with another opportunity to review the information.   
When you select “yes” next to an offer, we will transfer some or all of the information that you submitted during the website registration process to the applicable advertiser without providing you with another opportunity to review the information.   
Ad Serving Companies   
We may use third party ad networks or ad serving companies to serve advertisements on our websites. We pass information about you to these companies so that they can deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of interest to you. The information passed to these companies may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and any other information you provide to us. Web pages that are served by these companies will state that they are “powered by” or “ads by” the applicable company and will contain a link to that company’s privacy policy.   
Marketing Partners   
We may share, license or sell your information to third parties for various marketing purposes, including their online (e.g., e-mail marketing) and offline (e.g., telemarketing, cell phone text messaging, skip tracing, and direct mail) marketing programs. With respect to telemarketing in particular, you authorize us and our third-party marketing partners to call your landline telephone and/or cell phone (if provided) and you understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates may apply to any calls to your cell phone.   
Data Enhancement/Appending/Validation   
We may use third party service providers to enhance our database with additional elements, including but not limited to age ranges present in your household, whether you own or rent a home, the length of time you have lived at your residence, whether you are a mail order buyer or responder, household income, and gender. Further, we may use third party service providers to append telephone numbers to other data points we have in our database. We also may use third party service providers to validate the data we have in our database.   
Additionally, we may share, license or sell your information to third parties for use in their data validation, enhancement, information verification services, and, to the extent permitted by law, individual reference or look-up services.   
Governmental Agencies or Other Companies   
We may share your information with law enforcement officials or governmental agencies: (1) in response to their request; (2) when permitted or required by law; or (3) to establish our compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or guidelines.   
We may store and share your information with third parties for suppression or opt-out purposes.   
We also may share your information with third parties when: (1) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; (2) investigating fraud that has already taken place; (3) enforcing or applying existing terms and conditions and/or other agreements; (4) protecting the rights, property or safety of our websites, our users or others; or (5) responding to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.   
In all cases, this information is not provided to these entities or persons for marketing purposes.   
Right to Transfer   
Should the Company choose to sell or transfer business assets, it is possible that the information we possess may be transferred as part of that transaction. The Company may decide to retain a copy of the information post sale or transfer.   
CUSTOMER CHOICES   
Marketing Communications   
By completing and submitting a Company registration form, you are consenting to receive marketing communications from the Company and its third party marketing partners. If, after you have shared your information with the Company, you decide that you do not want to receive marketing communications from the Company and its third party marketing partners, you can discontinue the communications by logging in to filecloud.ws, clicking My Account and deleting your account. If you have registered or submitted information under more than one e-mail account, you must submit separate unsubscribe requests for each account.   
Opt-Out of Third Party Cookies   
In visiting this site, a third-party advertiser (or its partners) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more customized ads, content or services to be provided to you. To trigger these cookies, we may pass an encrypted or “hashed” (non-human readable) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie on your computer. No personally identifiable information is on, or is connected to, these cookies. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.privacychoice.org/choose.   
WHAT HAPPENS IF I HIT A LINK TO ANOTHER SITE FROM A COMPANY WEBSITE?

Our websites may offer links to other websites. Other websites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies. If you choose to visit one of these sites, you should review the policies that govern that particular site.   
Changing Your Status   
You may at any time unsubscribe to our data marketing by logging in to http://filecloud.ws/ clicking My Account and deleting your account or by mail to 27762 Antonio Parkway L1-300 Ladera Ranch, CA 92694 ATTN: Member Services.   
WHAT IS THE POLICY WITH RESPECT TO COMMUNICATING WITH CHILDREN?   
We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. We are committed to carefully protecting privacy where children are involved no matter the point of contact. In particular, our intention is to fully comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Per COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII through any point of contact, email support@filecloud.ws to contact us and we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files.   
SECURITY   
There is no such thing as complete security on the Internet or otherwise. The Company uses various security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss, misuse or modification of information we’ve collected from you. When you access your personal information or transmit information to us, that information is stored on servers that we have taken steps to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. While we strive to protect your information, the Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with the Company, its partners and affiliates.   
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY   
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES). YOU AGREE THAT THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY THE COMPANY TO THE EXTENT SUCH CLAIM IS NOT OTHERWISE BARRED BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS.   

