> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the filmymonkey.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190710131703id_/https%3A//www.abplive.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

### General

These Terms and Conditions ( **“T &C’s”** or **“Terms & Conditions”** ) govern your access to and use of this website/(s)( **“website”** or **“site”** ) operated by M/s. Media Content & Communications Services (I) Pvt. Ltd. (“ABP News Network Private Limited” ). This statement discloses the privacy practices for the websites of ABP News Network Private Limited, located at A-37, Sector-60, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, 201307.   
As we update, improve and expand the Services, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By accessing the Company website or this Application or otherwise using the Services, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide (including any changes thereto as provided by you) for any of the services that we offer.   
The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects.   
Any use of the website/(s) owned and managed by ABP News Network Private Limited shall be construed as your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and if you do not accept the Privacy Policy enumerated herein below, please do not proceed further to use/access the site. 

### What information do we collect?

A. INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY USERS   
Registration data:   
When you register on the website, Application and for the Service, we ask that you provide basic contact Information such as your name, gender, age, address, pin code, contact number, occupation, interests and email address etc. When you register using your other accounts like on Facebook, Twitter, Gmail etc. we shall retrieve Information from such account only with your permission to continue to interact with you and to continue providing the Services and not share that any further to any party external to users who can benefit from it directly or indirectly.   
Integrated Service Provider and Linked Networks: You can elect to sign in or sign up to the ABP News Network Platform through a linked network (i.e. Facebook or Twitter), and you can connect your existing ANN account with certain third party networks like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn (each a “Linked Network”). If you elect to sign up through or connect a Linked Network, we receive certain profile and account information about you from the Linked Network. These Linked Networks may also appear in your profile, so that people can find you on these Linked Networks. The specific information provided to us by Linked Networks is determined by these third parties and may vary by network. In all cases, the permissions page for the Linked Network will describe information being shared. You should consult their respective privacy policies for information about their practices. You may disconnect from the Linked Network by “Signing Out” option present in the Application/Website/Product through the easily accessible Login area, the position of which may vary with products.   
Voluntary information:   
We may collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with us. If you apply to take part in a programme on politics, for example, we might ask you about your political opinions. We do not share your personal private data with anyone. 

B. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED/ TRACKED WHILE NAVIGATION   
Cookies   
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers’ hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.   
To improve the responsiveness of the "Product" for our users, we may use "cookies", or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as a User Identification (User ID) to understand the user's individual interests using the identified computer. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website, Application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc.   
Your Freedom to Withdraw Your Consent at Any Time: If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of the ANN Platform, you will need to delete, and block or disable cookies via your browser settings (Please consult your web browser’s Help documentation for more information on this process.) Please note that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of the ANN Platform, and may prevent you from being able to access certain features on the websites/products/applications.   
Opting out   
If a user opts out using the Ads Settings, the unique DoubleClick cookie ID on the user's browser is overwritten with the phrase "OPT_OUT". Because there is no longer a unique cookie ID, the opt-out cookie can't be associated with a particular browser.   
Log File Information   
We automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, mobile number, including your IP address, when you visit our site, application or service. Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the pages you view. We automatically receive and log information from your browser, including your IP address, your computer's name, your operating system, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed. We may also collect log information from your device, including your location, IP address, your device's name, device's serial number or unique identification number (e.g.. UDiD on your iOS device), your device operating system, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed etc. We use cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such as your searches, page views, date and time of your visit, and other information about your use of the ANN Platform.   
Clear GIFs   
We may use "clear GIFs" (Web Beacons) to track the online usage patterns of our users in a anonymous manner, without personally identifying the user. We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. We use this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our Site, Application or Service to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our Application to improve the Application quality, functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.   
Information from other Sources:   
We may receive information about you from other sources, add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy. If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner, whom we provide services, your account information and order information may be passed on to us. We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you. Information on your activities outside the ANN when you talk about us- like if you've mentioned us in a Twitter post, we'll collect your Twitter handle.   
Demographic and purchase information:   
We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track the user behaviour on our website. Google Analytics specifically has been enable to support display advertising towards helping us gain understanding of our users' Demographics and Interests. The reports are anonymous and cannot be associated with any individual personally identifiable information that you may have shared with us. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google. 

### Links To Third Party Sites / Ad-Servers

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent.   
The Application may include links to other websites or applications. Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the application, you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the application's homepage, you should contact the application owners directly for more information.   
When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information) about your visits to this and other websites or application, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. 

### No, we do not share your personal information with unknown parties.

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:   
a) To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)  
b) To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)  
c) To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature  
d) To send periodic emails  
e) To measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.  
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.  
Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments, messages, blogs, scribbles available on social platforms like facebook, twitter etc. Any posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by users on the public sections of the "Application" becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy.  
In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Application, we may not be able to provide certain services on the Application to you. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account. In any case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information. When you register with the Application or Services, we contact you from time to time about updation of your personal information to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit / interest you. 

### INFORMATION SHARING

a) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.   
b) The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf. We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.   
c) The Company may present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications – however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site.   
d) The Company may share your information regarding your activities on websites or Applications with third party social websites to populate your social wall that is visible to other people however you will have an option to set your privacy settings, where you can decide what you would like to share or not to share with others.   
e) Anonymized and Aggregated Data. We may share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual. 

### HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. All information gathered on TIL is securely stored within the Company controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access.   
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use our website, mobile application or services. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits or use to particular website, mobile application or services, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. 

### ACCESSING & UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION

When you use the Services Site (or any of its sub sites), we make good faith efforts to provide you, as and when requested by you, with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible, subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems. 

### DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. 

### YOUR CONSENT

By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy. 

### CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

The internet is an ever evolving medium. We may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology, applicable law or any other variant. In any case, we reserve the right to change (at any point of time) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new policy on the "Application". Your use of the Application or Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the "Application") to ensure that you are aware of the latest version. 

### CONTACTING US

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at: **Kishan Singh Rawat** Head- Admin & Regulatory Off address: A-37, Sector 60, Noida, U.P. 201307 E-mail :[ kishanr@abpnews.in](mailto:kishanr@abpnews.in) This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it However, before making a complaint viewers are encouraged to go through the Code of Ethics & Broadcasting Standards, News Broadcasting Standards (Disputes Redressal) Regulations and Guide to the Complaints Process. These details are available on the website of NBA [www.nbanewdelhi.com*](https://web.archive.org/web/20190710131703id_/https%3A//www.abplive.in/www.nbanewdelhi.com)
