> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the number1victimofcrime.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171203231221id_/http%3A//www.number1victimofcrime.com/Privacy%2520Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Number 1 Victim of Crime in the World uses and protects any information that you give Boss Money when you use this website. Number 1 Victim Of Crime in the world is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Number 1 Victim Of Crime in the world may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 21st of December, 2016.What we collect We may collect the following information: name contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.Security, We are committed to ensuring that your information is private and secure. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. The links you click on this site may have tracking devices, including 3rd party cookies, and keep track of cookies and i.p. address, and other information about you. Also Number 1 Victim Of Crime in the world site may keep track of your cookies, i.p. address, or other trackable information for purpose of analytics and user usage. Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can write to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
