> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flo-joe.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140402023819id_/http%3A//www.flo-joe.co.uk/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Flo-Joe for First Certificate, Certificate in Advanced English and Certificate of Proficiency in English

  * **Manage Cookies**   
Like many other sites on the web, this site uses small files called cookies to help provide you with services and functionalty and to help us develop the website further. Please see our [Cookies information](https://web.archive.org/web/20140402023819id_/http%3A//www.flo-joe.co.uk/cookies.htm) page for further information.
  * **General**   
Flo-Joe is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, who are making a request for additional information, signing up for our newsletters, purchasing one of our products or who are offering feedback. This information is only used to respond to the request made by the visitor. We do not and will not release any e-mails sent to us to any third party for any reason whatsoever without the individual's consent. To safeguard your privacy, we use a "confirmed opt-in" system with our newsletter. This ensures that no-one can sign you up to our newsletter without your permission (see below). 
  * **Newsletters**  
Flo-Joe uses AWeber to responsibly manage our email campaigns. We will send you email if you give us permission to do so (by subscribing to our mailing list). We will respect your permission.  
We will only send you email that is related to what you subscribed to and why you subscribed.  
We will abide by AWeber's anti-spam rules and anti-spam laws like CAN-SPAM.  
You can unsubscribe whenever you want with a click of your mouse. At the end of every newsletter you receive from Flo-Joe you will see an unsubscribe link. Click on that link and you will see an unsubscribe page with two columns marked "Subscribed" and "Unsubscribed". Click on the button in the "Unsubscribed" column. We will immediately unsubscribe you!
  * **Google Advertising**   
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on flo-joe.co.uk/flo-joe.com.  
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to flo-joe.co.uk/flo-joe.com users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.  
* You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
  * **Amazon Advertising**  
Flo-Joe is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk/Javari.co.uk/Amazon.de/Amazon.fr/Javari.fr/Amazon.it.  

  * **Google Analytics**  
Flo-Joe uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.



* * *
