> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-07-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070731214158id_/http%3A//flor.com/service/flor/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Modern, modular carpet tiles and area rugs for Do-It-Yourself ease - FLOR Modular Tiles

  
This policy describes Interface Flor’s information gathering and dissemination practices for the site [www.florcatalog.com] (the “Site”). Interface Flor is committed to protecting your privacy on line. Interface Flor will not release any personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number or credit card information except as described in this policy. If users have questions or concerns regarding this policy, they should first contact 1-866-281-FLOR.What Information We Collect and Why  
Our Site uses various forms for customers and other visitors to request information and to order products and samples. As described below, we collect personal information from customers and other visitors primarily so that we may process their orders and requests, but also so that we may enhance our services to our Web site visitors, make each visit as pleasant and helpful as possible, and track trends and statistics. During the checkout process on our Web site, we ask for certain personal information (such as name, address, e-mail, telephone number and credit card information) which is necessary to process and ship orders or respond to requests. Personal information may be transmitted to contracted third parties for the purpose of shipping an order, sample or other items. We may also share or disclose information in order to conform to or comply with legal requirements, to protect the rights of Interface Flor or to act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Interface Flor personnel or the public. 

The Site may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as type of browser, operating system, domain name, or IP address. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you visit pages on our Web site, our servers may log your IP address. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. Your IP Address is used to gather broad demographic information only. A User Transaction ID is created each time you enter Interface Flor Web sites. This ID is used to keep track of your order and other requests.

Interface Flor may also give users the opportunity to answer questions which assist us in our marketing efforts. It is optional for customers to answer marketing questions. However, we encourage our customers to answer these questions so we can provide a more personalized experience on our Site.

Registration (Optional)  
To most effectively use this Web site, a customer can complete our registration process. During registration, we may ask a customer to select unique identifiers (such as username and password) and provide contact information (such as name, email address, day time phone numbers and shipping address). We may also ask registered customers if they would like to receive via e-mail special announcements or offers from us. Customers may opt-out of receiving such e-mail (see the choice/opt-out section below). Business partners and professional visitors requesting access to specialized content areas may be required to provide identifying information for verification purposes. Cookies  
You may have heard of the term "cookies". Cookies are routinely used by most, if not all, E-commerce merchants, including Interface Flor. Cookies are small blocks of text which are sent to your browser from a Web site. We use 'persistent' and 'non-persistent' cookies on our Site to provide you with the best presentation of the information currently available. 'Persistent' cookies store text which is available to us when you return to our Site. 'Non-persistent' cookies are temporary information which is eliminated once you close your internet browser and/or shut down your computer. Only our Site has access to the information in our cookies. This information about the user enables us to track and personalize the Site to enhance your experience. For instance, by setting a cookie on our Site, we can provide you with storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.

These cookies can in no way be used by us or anyone else to get data from your hard drive, obtain your e-mail address or access sensitive information about you as an individual. Cookies must meet strict specifications to ensure that they are not used to compromise security.  
If a user rejects the cookie, the user may still use our Site although we will be unable to provide the user with the personalized shopping experience we can offer using the cookie data. If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please send e-mail to [support@mail2.interfaceflor.com](mailto:support@mail2.interfaceflor.com) .

Security  
Interface Flor has security measures in place to provide protection against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Strong precautions are taken to protect the information of the users of our Site. 

We take credit card information security seriously and use a variety of technical solutions to make shopping safe at our Site. Your information is encrypted and is protected utilizing the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption software. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user- information off-line. All of the information of our Site’s users, including the sensitive information mentioned above, is maintained in a restricted section in our offices. Only those of our employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our account or customer service representatives) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, our employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. 

You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of passwords which may be issued to you and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Interface Flor cannot warrant or ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. 

If you have any questions about the security at our Site, you can send an e-mail to [support@mail2.interfaceflor.com](mailto:support@mail2.interfaceflor.com) .

Links  
Our sites contain links to other sites. While we enforce our privacy policy with respect to information gathered on our Site, we are not responsible for any information you provide to other Web sites you may access through links on our Site.Consent  
By using our Site, you consent to the foregoing collection and use of information by Interface Flor. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.Choice/Opt-Out  
Our Site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. To remove your information from our database so that you will not receive future communications please send an e-mail to [support@mail2.interfaceflor.com](mailto:support@mail2.interfaceflor.com) .
