> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sportingnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051210104236id_/http%3A//www.sportingnews.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SportingNews.com

  
|  Vulcan Sports Media Privacy Policy  
covering the practices of www.sportingnews.com

_changes as of November 29, 2005 in italics below_

Thank you for visiting this Vulcan Sports Media property. To demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy, Vulcan Sports Media had its information collection practices reviewed by TRUSTe and is a licensee of the TRUSTe privacy seal program. Your privacy is very important to us. As part of the normal operation of our site we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what may happen with that information. We have prepared this Privacy Policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about our practices in order for you to make informed decisions while you are visiting any Vulcan Sports Media property. We take appropriate measures and precautions to safeguard information about you and to protect it from loss, misuse or alteration, including without limitation, the requirement of a password to access such information. 

By registering on a site provided by Vulcan Sports Media, Inc. and its affiliates (hereafter "SN" ,"we" or "us") you agree to this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy"). If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not register for SN products and services. SN reviews all of its policies from time to time and reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, in its sole discretion. You should review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you can be aware of any changes. If there is a material change in the way SN uses your personally identifiable information, you will be notified via email or through a message on our web properties of such change. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the SN Customer Service Department at [privacyreport@sportingnews.com](mailto:privacyreport@sportingnews.com) or via postal mail at: 

**Sporting News  
475 Park Avenue South  
New York, NY 10016**

If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe online at   
<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>.   
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns. 

**I. Information SN Gathers or Tracks.**  
Information on general usage and any personal details you provide SN will be used to provide you with enhanced features such as customized content, access to our bulletin boards, _web logs ("blogs")_ and participation in chats. The following are details of the information SN collects: 

* **Personal Information.** At some SN sites you can purchase products, enter contests or sweepstakes, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as email newsletters and/or participate in our online communities. In order for you to participate in these activities SN may request and collect certain information and data from you such as name, age, gender, address, email address, zip code, telephone number, credit card information and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. By providing contact information, you will be eligible to acquire user ID's and passwords that will allow you to play the fantasy games and to participate in the SN community.
* **Updating Personal Information.** Through the use of SN's central registration system you will have the ability at any time to correct and update your personal information. By clicking on the "My Account" or My Profile links located on all SN online properties you will have instant access to review and update this information. If you have questions concerning your personal information please contact SN at [privacyreport@sportingnews.com](mailto:privacyreport@sportingnews.com).
* **_Other People's Information._** At some SN sites, you will have the ability to submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's email address to challenge them to a fantasy game or their name and address to send a gift subscription. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people may include: name, address and email address. _This information is not stored by SN and is not used for any purpose other than for the purpose that the information is collected._
* **Tracking.** In the course of using the SN site, SN may assign random numbers to you for the purpose of anonymously tracking site usage. Information tracked includes, but is not limited to, the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the SN site or not), which URL you go to next (whether this URL is on the SN site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address. Many sites automatically collect this information. This information is used for purposes of system administration, diagnostics, site tracking and reporting of aggregate usage information to third parties such as our advertisers and content partners or for research purposes. SN does not link information automatically collected to information identifying visitors individually. 
* **Cookies.** SN employs cookies to recognize visitors and their privileges in order to provide visitors with user specific information, as well as to track site usage. Cookies can also help provide information that is targeted to visitors' interests. Cookies are stored on your browser, not on the SN site. You are free to decline SN cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. Also, visitors who do not accept cookies may not be able to access certain portions of the SN site. Cookies used by SN _are not tied to personally identifiable information and_ do not contain personally identifiable information about a visitor, and SN does not use cookies to obtain such information. Cookies used by SN are "session cookies," meaning that they can be automatically deleted at the end of a session (technically when the user quits the browser). 
* **Advertisers and Sponsors.** SN's sponsors and advertisers may use cookies within their advertisements or promotions. SN will likely not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain. Visitors who want any information about these cookies should contact the sponsors and advertisers directly. Once you click on a sponsor link or advertisement and leave the SN sites our privacy policy no longer applies. You must read the privacy policy of the individual advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their site. There may be times when we use third-party advertising companies (the "Companies") to serve ads when you visit our site. These Companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In addition, we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with this these Companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements, for market research analysis on our site and other sites and for tracking a specific activity on our site relating to the marketing efforts of an advertiser. For these purposes, the Companies may note some of the pages you visit on our site as well as some of the activities you undertake through the use of Web Beacons and pixel tags (also called clear gifs). In the course of serving advertisements to this site, the Companies may also place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your computer. As is always the case, information collected and used by these Companies will not be tied to a user's personal information and will only be used in the aggregate. If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data, currently you may visit each ad network's web site individually and opt-out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network-advertising cookies. This site will also allow you to review the third party advertising companies. [Click here for info](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp). 

**II. What SN Does With the Information**  


* **Provide Services.** SN asks for information in connection with registration, promotions, email updates, and prizes. SN may use this information to tailor online presentations, facilitate navigation throughout sites operated by SN, provide personalized services and promotions, or offer products and services that SN believes might be of use or interest to you, and to communicate separately with you. This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and may also be used to bring you offers of interest. 
* **Third Parties.** We do not sell information about our visitors. SN will not transfer your personal information to another party for that party's exclusive use apart from the use of the information by SN. However, if we believe there is value to our members, we will send messages or promotions to you on behalf of another company. In these instances, we do not transfer your name to the third party -- we send the mailing for them. In all instances we only send mailings if you've given your permission. These promotions may include physical mailings as well, but in a similar fashion will be sent by SN and only if you've given your permission. We may transfer your personal information to companies that we hire that deliver products and services (shipping companies, fulfillment companies and email management companies), companies that operate sweepstakes and promotions on our behalf and sponsors from whom you have ordered or requested products. These companies will not have the ability to use the information for their own purposes but will merely use it to fulfill on our behalf. _Visitors who register for fantasy games through other parties (e.g., through co-branded games) may have some or all of their profile information (name, email address, etc.) shared with those parties, but only if you consent (opt-in/opt-out) to having your contact information shared with those parties so that they can contact you directly. SN is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those other parties._
* **Aggregate Reports.** SN will aggregate reports for advertisers. For example, SN may tell advertisers how many people saw or clicked on an ad and additionally, how many people saw or clicked on ads in different portions of the SN sites. Where available, SN may offer additional aggregate information about viewer characteristics. However, this will not include personally identifiable information about you or your usage patterns. Our advertisers allow us to provide their products and services to visitors, and in return, they will need to know how to effectively place their ads in order to attract potential customers. 
* **Information Not Released.** Surveys may ask for contact information or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results. Contests may require contact information or other demographic/ personal information in order to determine eligibility. This information will not be released to third parties without your consent. Additionally, usage information may be analyzed so that SN can judge its system's performance or execute visitors' customized features. 

**III. Who Can Use Information and How.**  


* **Co-branded Games.** Visitors who register for fantasy games through other parties (e.g., through co-branded games) may have some of their contact information shared with those parties, and those parties may want to contact such visitors. SN is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those other parties. 
* **Community Elements.** SN has message boards and blogs available to visitors and may incorporate additional forums in the future. Please be aware that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in any of these public forums. SN does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums. _SN does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums._ Any personal information, including your email address, voluntarily disclosed by you and posted on a SN site can be viewed and used by others. If you post personal information that is accessible to the public online you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. 
* **Correspondence.** If you send SN personal correspondence, such as e-mails or letters, or if other visitors or third parties send SN correspondence about your activities or postings on a SN site, SN may collect such information into a file. No such information will be released to third parties without your consent. Any information or material disclosed or provided by you in personal correspondence to SN or in any survey conducted by SN will not be used by SN for advertising or marketing purposes without your consent but may be used for editorial purposes. 
* **E-commerce Partners.** There will be times when you are shopping on SN, that you are directed to a third party domain where your information is collected. _This information is not shared with SN unless specifically stated at that third party domain. In all cases the information is collected_ subject to the privacy policy of the third party. SN is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites. 
* **Distribution and Display.** SN will not make contact information available to the general public in any form without the consent of the visitor identified. This does not prevent or restrict SN from (i) distributing information that is already publicly available, including but not limited to information available in public telephone directories, classified ads, newspaper reports, publications, and the like, (ii) providing information as required by law, court order, or other valid legal process or (iii) displaying information in an online bulletin board, chat room, news group, or other public forum, where the information being displayed was placed there by a visitor or other third party. 

IV. Content Providers 

* **News and Information.** SN sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer visitors access to co-branded news and other information on the SN site. There is no collection of contact or other personal information in connection with the provision of such information. 
* **E-Commerce/ Contests.** SN may contain links to other third-party web sites, including affiliate and e-commerce partners, sweepstakes providers and sponsors. When you register with third party web sites through SN, there are instances where information is collected by the third party, and is not shared with SN. In these cases, information provided is subject to the privacy policy of the third party. Such third parties may use information to send promotional items to or otherwise communicate with you and/or may share information with additional parties. Your ability to opt out of having this information used for such purposes is dependent upon the third party's privacy policy. SN is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites. 
* **Co-branded Fantasy Games.** SN sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer the third parties' visitors access to a co-branded fantasy game. In such cases, the game is co-branded with logos and/or content from that third party. _Some or all of the profile information (name, email address, etc.) provided to SN by visitors who register from a third party's web site may be made available to that third party subject to the preferences of each user (opt-in/opt-out decision)._ In some cases, the third party may have a limited contractual right with SN to communicate with visitors. Your ability to opt out of receiving communications (email or otherwise) from SN and the third party depends on the SN privacy policy and the third party's privacy policy, respectively. SN is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties. If at any time you are uncertain about whether or not your personal information will be provided to SN or a third party, please feel free to contact our Customer Service Department at [privacyreport@sportingnews.com](mailto:privacyreport@sportingnews.com).
* **User Created Content.** _Please be aware that all user created content posted on message boards, polls, blogs or other community oriented areas ("Community Areas") is provided for entertainment purposes and that SN may, in its sole discretion, choose to remove any such content from Community Areas if we believe that the content is inappropriate for public display. Our goal is to avoid abuse of these Community Areas in order to create an enjoyable and entertaining user experience. If you are aware of any content that may be inappropriate or users who are abusing our systems please contact us at[reportabuse@sportingnews.com](mailto:reportabuse@sportingnews.com). SN cannot ensure that parties who have access to the publicly available information in these Community Areas will respect your privacy so please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in these areas. SN is also not responsible for the content or business practices of web sites that are linked from these Community Areas by our visitors so please keep this in mind before clicking on any links._

**V. Opting Out.**  
Upon registration, SN provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications (updates, information and promotions) from SN and its partners. In addition, if you do not decide to opt-out during registration, you can remove yourself from either mailing list by following the "unsubscribe" instructions given at the bottom of all e-mail received from SN. You may also change your opt-out preferences at any time by following the instructions located in Paragraph I of this Policy - "Updating Personal Information." By registering for a specific SN service (newsletters, premium content, fantasy games, etc.) you are consenting to receive email relating to that service and will not have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications. If once you receive a mailing you do not wish to receive future mailings, you may unsubscribe. 

**VI. Disclosure of Personal Information.**  
SN sites may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on SN, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of SN or the visitors of SN, or (c) protect the personal safety of visitors of SN or the public. 

In addition, notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy, in the event that SN merges with, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by, another business entity, personal information that users have provided at any point in time to SN may be released or transferred to the new business entity as one of the transferred assets. Further, personal user information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with any SN offer to merge or sell substantially all of SN's assets. If SN merges with, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by, another business entity SN will provide notice of such a transaction on the SN web sites and via email. 

**VII. Information Security.**  
All information gathered on the SN site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. SN uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, including "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. SN treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. Your SN profile is password-protected so that you are the only member who has access to this information. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. To ensure that you've logged out of your account, please remember to close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. 

**VIII. Children.**  
SN believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of children. SN does not willingly or knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to register to become a member of the SN community . In order to register at SN and become a member, visitors must first certify that they are at least 13 years old and have read and accepted the SN privacy guidelines as well as rules and regulations pertaining to fantasy games and contests. 

|    
|    
  


[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.sportingnews.com&sealid=101)
