> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sportsnetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-10-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171012180219id_/http%3A//sportsnetwork.com/%3Fpage%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AATI-USA

American Advanced Technicians Institute ("AATI") is committed to protecting the privacy of our customer's personal information. This Policy explains how we gather and use the information that we collect from our Websites, all of which can be located/linked to at [www.aati.edu](http://aati.edu/ "www.aati.edu") This policy may change over time. Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of any of our websites following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.

As you navigate within our Websites, we will be collecting and tracking personal information, either by asking you to tell us something about yourself (such as your name, address or e-mail address) or by using data-tracking software which records your IP address and tells us what parts of our Websites you have browsed.

This information is used to enhance your site experience, or to apply special benefits such as Institute member-only content or discounts. Your personal information will not be sold to third parties for e-mail marketing or telemarketing campaigns. The information may be used by the Institute or designated site partners to send you information that we think will be useful to you. Due to the technology behind the Institute’s sites, your personal information may also be shared with designated site partners in order to reduce the number of registrations you need to make on the Institute’s sites. This is an effort to make use of the Institute’s sites more convenient for you. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings from the Institute and other entities by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section below. Personal information about you, whether obtained through collection or tracking, may be used to contact you again either by online electronic communication (such as e-mail), or by regular mail or telephone. We will also be collecting and tracking information about activities in our Websites on an aggregate (i.e., group basis). The data is used to track what areas of the sites are most frequently used to help us improve the sites in the future. Non-personal demographic and profile data is used to tailor your experience at our sites, showing you content we think you might be interested in. This information may also be shared with advertisers on an aggregate and/or non-personal basis. We may share your information (as described above) with our business partners to provide you with products or services that you have requested or to provide you with promotional offers that we believe will be of interest to you. Our business partners include all of our affiliated companies as well as other selected businesses with which we have a relationship and which have agreed to adhere to our strict standards for providing quality products and services, responding to your needs, and protecting customer information. We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance (including direct and targeted marketing), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. In certain circumstances, we may share your customer information with trusted service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services. We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it. In the event of a sale of all or part of one of our businesses, we may share customer information related to that business as part of the transaction.

When you view our Websites we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our sites. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a Website as easily as possible. We use cookies for remembering user names, to identify users and their preferences, tracking click streams and for load balancing. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results and a more personalized site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our sites.

AATI offers a wide variety of products and services which may be offered by AATI, either directly or through an affiliate acting on the Institute's behalf, or by third parties to whom we have established links from our Website to make their products and services available to you. When you conduct a transaction with the Institute, either directly or with an affiliate acting on our behalf, we will request certain contact information from you (for example, your address) and payment information. The contact information is used to process your orders and, from time to time, to send you information about other Institute products and services that may be of interest to you. The payment information that is collected is used to check your purchasing qualifications and to bill you for products and services. When you place an order online with the Institute, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. Although we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information, SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred. Our credit card transactions are maintained by several companies. All information sent to those companies is encrypted, which will protect it against disclosure to third parties. When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until our credit card processor is ready to process it. For further information about our credit card processors’ privacy and security practices, please contact the Institute’s accounting department. When you conduct a transaction with a third party to whom you are linked from our Websites, you should review such vendor's policy regarding e-commerce transactions on their site. The Institute is not responsible for products and services transactions that are consummated at third party Websites.

Our Websites have industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.

Our Websites contain links to other Web sites. The Institute is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. If you want to know the privacy policies of the other Websites, please refer to the organization sponsoring such Website.

By visiting the Institute site, you expressly consent to the collection and use by the Institute of personally identifiable information according to this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at info@aati.edu or by telephone at (305)-362-5519.

American Advanced Technicians Institute, Corp, 6801 West 20th Ave, Hialeah, Florida 33014 
