> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sportsflashes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190514094454id_/https%3A//sportsflashes.com/pdf/PrivacyPolicySportsFlashes.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY SPORTS FLASHES

                               PRIVACY POLICY
                              SPORTS FLASHES
This document is an electronic record in terms of (i) Information Technology
Act, 2000; (ii) the rules framed there under as applicable; and (iii) the
amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as
amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is
generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital
signatures.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is published in accordance with: (i)
Section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and (ii) Regulation 4 of
the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures
and sensitive personal information) Rules, 2011 (“SPI Rules”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how India Sports
Flashes Pvt. Ltd. its subsidiary and affiliate corporations, successors, and
assigns (collectively referred to as “Sports Flashes”) uses and protects the
information you provide. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies
to the services provided by Sports FLASHES on its website and/or mobile
application, collectively known as “Platform” This Privacy Policy applies to all
Users (“Users”) of the Sports FLASHES Platform.
This Privacy Policy covers: (i) the type of information collected from the
Users of the Platform including sensitive personal data or information; (ii) the
purpose, means and modes of usage of such information; and (iii) how and
to whom such information which has been collected will be disclosed


“Personal information” is defined under the SPI Rules to mean any
information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or
indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be
available with a body corporate, is capable of identifying such a natural
person.
The SPI Rules further define “sensitive personal data or information” of a
person to mean personal information about that person relating to:
a) financial information such as bank accounts, credit and debit card details
or other payment instrument details;
b) physical, physiological and mental health condition;
c) sexual orientation;
d) medical records and history;
e) biometric information;
f) information    received   by  body    corporate   under   lawful  contract or
otherwise;
g) visitor details as provided at the time of registration or thereafter; and
h) call data records.
1. WHAT INFORMATION SPORTS FLASHES COLLECTS FROM YOU
Sports FLASHES may collect two (2) types of information about you: Personal
and Non-Personal.
1.1. Personal Information
Personal Information refers to information that lets Sports FLASHES know the
specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify, contact or locate
you (e.g. name, age, gender, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail
address). Sports FLASHES may collect Personal Information when you use
the Sports FLASHES Platform including, without limitation, setting up account


information, filling out surveys, corresponding with Sports FLASHES, or
otherwise volunteering information about yourself.
1.2. Non-personal Information
Non-Personal Information refers to information that, by itself, does not
identify you as a specific individual (e.g. demographic information or website
visitations). Sports FLASHES may collect Non-Personal Information through
any of the methods discussed above as well as automatically through use of
industry standard technologies described further below.
2. HOW SPORTS FLASHES COLLECTS YOUR INFORMATION
The Personal Information practices set forth apply to all Sports FLASHES’s
customers worldwide.
2.1. Registration
Prior to using one or more of the Sports FLASHES Platform, Sports FLASHES
may require certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to
create   an   individual  account   (“Account”)   or to   enable  features  or
functionality of the Sports FLASHES Platform. Failure to provide all required
information required by Sports FLASHES may prevent access to any or all
Sports FLASHES Platform, and failure to maintain accurate information may
result in suspension or termination of access to any or all Sports FLASHES
Platform.
2.2. Information Collected Through Technology
While you are able to visit the Sports FLASHES Platform and remain
anonymous, Sports FLASHES or its third party service providers may still
collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the Sports FLASHES
Platform (e.g. your      Internet browser, operating system, IP address,


connection speed, and the domain name of your Internet service provider).
Such information may be gathered by the following methods:
a) Cookies: Cookies, including local shared objects, are small pieces of
information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive
which work by assigning to your system a unique number that has no
meaning outside of the Sports FLASHES Platform. Cookies do not generally
contain any Personal Information. Most web browsers automatically accept
cookies, but you can usually configure your browser to prevent this. Not
accepting cookies may make certain features of the Sports FLASHES Platform
unavailable to you.
b) IP Address: You may visit many areas of the Sports FLASHES Platform
anonymously without the need to become a registered User. Even in such
cases, Sports FLASHES may collect IP addresses automatically. An IP address
is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you
begin Services with an Internet services provider. Each time you access the
Sports FLASHES Site and each time you request one of Sports FLASHES’s
pages, the server logs your IP address.
c) Web Beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded
in web pages and e-mails. Sports FLASHES may use these technical methods
in HTML e-mails that Sports FLASHES sends to Users to determine whether
they have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The
information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form
that is Personal Information.
3. HOW SPORTS FLASHES USES YOUR INFORMATION


Sports FLASHES uses the information that you provide or that we collect to
operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services
found on the Sports FLASHES Platform as well as to track user-generated
content and Users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider.
Sports FLASHES may share your registration data, usage data and any other
data related to your use of the Sports FLASHES site with third parties to the
extent set forth in our Terms of Use as updated regularly. We otherwise use
all reasonable efforts to protect your information. Additionally, in the event
that all resources of the Sports FLASHES, that is to say, the Sports FLASHES
Platform, are acquired by another company the personal data required in
order to continue to operate Sports FLASHES are acquired by the buyer.
3.1. System Administration
Sports FLASHES may use Non-Personal Information for the purposes of
system administration, assisting in diagnosing problems with Sports FLASHES
servers, monitoring Sports FLASHES’s system performance and traffic on the
Sports FLASHES Platform and to gather broad demographic information about
Sports FLASHES customers.
3.2 Personalization
Sports FLASHES uses Cookies and IP Addresses to track features such as
delivering Content specific to your interests and informing you of new,
relevant services or certain third party offerings.
3.3 Notices to Registered Users
If you have registered for an Account, Sports FLASHES may use your
Personal Information to send e-mails regarding your registration, including


confirmation to verify the accuracy of any information you have provided,
and instructions on how to post Content. Sports FLASHES may also send you
e-mails to verify your identity or to notify you if Sports FLASHES believes
your use of Sports FLASHES Platform violates any applicable agreement for
the use of the Sports FLASHES Platform.
3.4 Promotional E-mails
Sports FLASHES may use your Personal Information to send you e-mails
periodically listing promotions or events relating to the Sports FLASHES
Platform or from Sports FLASHES’ marketing partners or sponsors. You have
the choice to opt-out of receiving such promotional e-mails by sending an e-
mail to [*] and/or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once
Sports FLASHES’s has processed your opt-out request, Sports FLASHES will
not send you promotional e-mails unless you opt back in to receiving such
communications.
3.5 Contact Information
If you contact Sports FLASHES by telephone, e-mail or letter, Sports
FLASHES may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence.
If you report a problem with the Sports FLASHES Platform, Sports FLASHES
may collect this information in a file specific to you. You may contact Sports
FLASHES at [*] to request the removal of this information from Sports
FLASHES’s database.
4. HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, Sports FLASHES shall allow Users to update or correct Personal
Information previously submitted, but only to the extent such activities will
not compromise privacy or security interests. Additionally, upon request,


Sports FLASHES shall delete Personal Information from the database where
such information is stored; however, it may be impossible to entirely delete a
User’s entry without some residual information being retained due to the
manner in which data backups are maintained. Requests to delete Personal
Information shall be submitted to [*].
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your
information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
unique password and account information at all times.
5. DISCLOSURE         OF      INFORMATION        TO    THIRD        PARTIES
Sports FLASHES does not sell, trade or rent Personal Information collected
through the Sports FLASHES Platform to any third party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Sports FLASHES shall: (1) fully cooperate with law enforcement
agencies; and (2) may be required to disclose Personal Information upon
receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement
investigation.
6. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.1 Security Measures
Sports FLASHES takes appropriate security measures to protect against
unauthorized   access,   alteration, disclosure or destruction   of  Personal
Information. These include, but are not limited to, internal reviews of: (a)
Sports FLASHES’s data collection; (b) storage and processing practices; (c)
electronic security measures; and (d) physical security measures to guard
against unauthorized access to systems where Sports FLASHES stores
Personal Information. All Sports FLASHES employees, contractors and agents
who access Personal Information are bound by confidentiality obligations and


may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution
or unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information.
6.2 Third Party Links
The Sports FLASHES Platform may contain links to third parties who may
collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from you.
Additionally, Sports FLASHES may use third parties to provide components of
the Sports FLASHES Platform. In either case, such third parties may have
separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Sports
FLASHES. Sports FLASHES: (a) has no responsibility or liability for these
independent policies or actions; (b) is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such websites; and (c) does not make any
warranties or representations about the contents, products or services
offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to
them.
7. CHANGES TO SPORTS FLASHES’s PRIVACY POLICY
Sports FLASHES continually strives to implement new technologies and
processes to better protect you, your privacy and your use of the Sports
FLASHES Platform. As a result, changes to this Privacy Policy may be made
by Sports FLASHES from time to time. In no event will these changes result
in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you
from unauthorized disclosure, as such measures are described in this Privacy
Policy.
8. CHILDREN UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE
Use of the Sports FLASHES Platform is not intended for minors under the age
of 18 (“Minors”). Minors are not authorized by Sports FLASHES to use the
Sports FLASHES Platform, even if Minors set up an Account or accept the


terms of any agreement for Sports FLASHES Platform. Parents or guardians
may authorize Minors between the ages of 12 and 17 to use the Sports
FLASHES Platform, provided they assume all responsibility and legal liability
for the conduct of such Minor including, without limitation, monitoring the
Minor’s access and use of the Sports FLASHES Platform. Sports FLASHES
does not intentionally collect nor maintain any personally identifiable
information from Minors. If you discover your Minor child has submitted
his/her information to Sports FLASHES, you may request to have such
information deleted from Sports FLASHES’s database by sending an e-mail
request to [*] together with the e-mail address that was submitted by the
Minor. Upon receiving the request, Sports FLASHES shall delete such
information within [*] business days.
9.     CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact Sports
FLASHES        by      sending      a     letter     or      e-mail      to:
_info@supersports.co.in_________.
