> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sportsvite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618145111id_/http%3A//sportsvite.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sportsvite : Privacy Policy

Sportsvite is committed to protecting the privacy of Sportsvite users. Following is the Sportsvite privacy statement outlining our policies governing the collection and use of registered user information. If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact Sportsvite at support@sportsvite.com. 

**Information Collection & Use**  
Sportsvite requires users to register for the service and provide personal information including but not limited to the user's name, zip code and email address. Sportsvite uses this information to establish and deliver service to the individual. Sportsvite may use this information to contact registered users to notify them of product and service updates, provide instruction, and to deliver other service related information. Sportsvite may also contact users to request additional information and feedback. Sportsvite may employ companies and people to perform tasks on its behalf, and will need to share personal information with these agents to establish and deliver service to the individual. Sportsvite's agents do not receive any right to use personal information beyond what is necessary to perform these tasks. Sportsvite will not disclose registration information to third parties, including, but not limited to, companies affiliated with Sportsvite, without your consent or as otherwise stated in this privacy policy. If at some point Sportsvite sells all or a portion of its assets, customer information is one of those assets that would be transferred or acquired by a third party; the third party would then have the right to continue using the personal information as set forth in this policy. For more information see Sportsvite's Privacy Policy Changes section below. Sportsvite may release or exchange personal information if required to do so to comply with applicable law or to enforce its rights or agreements or prevent fraud or reduce credit risk. In addition, Sportsvite may contact you to inform you of updates or new features. If you wish to be removed from such secondary mailings you may do so by the means provided in the email. 

Sportsvite may automatically collect and analyze information regarding the use of Sportsvite's services and Sportsvite site activity. Information collected may include but is not limited to web site traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, type of browser and operating system, etc. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, administer the site, and improve the quality and types of service delivered. Sportsvite may also collect, track and analyze information that does not personally identify a user in aggregate form. This aggregate data will be used at Sportsvite's discretion and may be shared with third parties, but with no personally identifiable information attached. Registered users will be using the site to host relationship data. Relationship data sent to Sportsvite servers by the user will remain the property of the user. Sportsvite will not review, share, distribute or reference such data except as may be required to provide the requested Sportsvite services, or as provided in the Sportsvite Terms of Use Agreement, or as may be required by law. 

If a user elects to use Sportsvite's invite service for reaching a person via the Sportsvite site, we will generate an automatic email that is sent to them. We will automatically send this person an email inviting them to visit the site if they are not a user or if they are a user we will send that an email to ask them to visit the site or respond to the invite. If the individual does not respond we do not send any reminder emails. We do not store this information for public use. The emails are for the sole purpose of notifying individuals about upcoming sports events. 

If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code or email), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done via the " Profile" page within the Front Desk or by emailing our customer support at support@Sportsvite.com. 

**Cookies & Beacons**  
Sportsvite uses cookies and beacons to assist in delivering the service and to provide a positive and personalized user experience. Cookies are files sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Our persistent and session ID Cookies are used to identify unique visitors and to provide a personalized user experience. Beacons are bits of code that function similar to cookies. Our beacons are embedded in outgoing emails and generate a call back to the Sportsvite server when such emails are opened. Sportsvite uses beacons to track the status of sent emails. 

**Remember Me**  
The Remember Me function permits Sportsvite to create a cookie that automatically remembers you when your username and password information when you enter and exit the www.Sportsvite.com site. By clicking on "Remember Me", we save you the trouble of having to login everytime that you want to enter www.Sportsvite.com. 

To use the Remember Me function, your browser must accept cookies. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to automatically sign in using the Remember Me function and must log-in manually every time that you enter the www.Sportsvite.com Web site. 

**Security**  
Sportsvite has implemented processes designed to protect user information and maintain security. Each registered user is assigned a unique user name and password which is required to access their account and relationship information. It is the user's responsibility to protect the security of their login information. Sportsvite's servers are located in secure server environments. Firewalls and other advanced security technologies are employed to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data. 

**Third Party Sites**  
Sportsvite's sites may contain links to third party web sites not associated with Sportsvite. Sportsvite is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such sites. Users will need to review the policy statements of these sites to understand their privacy policies. 

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Sportsvite reserves the right to make changes to this privacy statement. Any material changes to this statement will be prominently posted online and accessible via the Sportsvite user portal 30 days prior to taking effect. 
