> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sportsline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050316020150id_/http%3A//www.sportsline.com/info/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About SportsLine.com - CBS SportsLine.com

  |    
  |   |     
SportsLine.com Privacy Policy  
_Effective Date: October 1, 2003_  


* * *

This privacy policy is applicable to the Website(s) located at [www.sportsline.com](http://www.sportsline.com/) (and alternatively [cbs.sportsline.com](http://cbs.sportsline.com/)), [www.commissioner.com](http://www.commissioner.com/), and other sites within the SportsLine network which may link to this privacy statement (the "Site") and are operated by SportsLine.com, Inc. ("SportsLine", "we", "our", or "us"). The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you. Please read the following to learn more about our data collection policies and practices.  | **•**| Types Of Information That May Be Collected  
---|---  
**•**| How Information May Be Collected  
**•**| How We Use The Information Collected  
**•**| With Whom The Information May Be Shared  
**•**| Chat Rooms, Forums, And Message Boards  
**•**| Links To Other Web Sites  
**•**| Security  
**•**| A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy  
**•**| Notification Of Changes And Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy  
**•**| Correcting/Updating Personal Information  
The following are the types of information we may collect: **Site Usage Information**  
We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Site. For example, we may collect Automatic Information and your IP address. As used herein, "Automatic Information" is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages or ads from the Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. **Information You Provide Us**  
Personal information such as your user ID and password, name, email address, telephone number, physical address, birth date, gender, zip code or other information may be collected via online forms you submit to the Site. **Email Communications**  
When you open emails from the Site, we may receive a confirmation noting that you opened the email and if you clicked on any of the links contained in such email. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, we keep a record of what emails you have opted to and not to receive. **Information from Other Sources**  
We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to your personal information.  We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Site, including but not limited to those described below: **Cookies**  
As with many Websites, the Site uses standard technology called "cookies," which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies. Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site, and make using the Site easier for you by saving your user ID, preferences and other convenient Site usage information. By tracking how and when you use the Site, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies. Additionally, accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Site. Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you as well as limit how often you see certain ads that may detract from your user experience on our Site. If you do not want to allow information to be collected through the use of cookies, you can generally opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser. However, some areas of the Site may not provide you with an acceptable user experience if you have disabled the use of cookies. **IP Addresses and Automatic Information**   
We may collect IP addresses and/or Automatic Information for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request Web pages from the Site, our computers log your IP address. Automatic Information we collect may include, without limitation, such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such information. When analyzed, this data helps us determine how visitors arrive at the Site, what type of content is most popular, and what type of visitors (in the aggregate) are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising. We may also use Automatic Information to provide you with a more personalized user experience. **Web Beacons**  
Consistent with standard practice within the web publishing industry, web pages throughout the Site may contain electronic images (generally, single-pixel ".gif" images) called "web beacons." These web beacons allow SportsLine to access certain cookies that were set in a domain different from that which is displayed in the current web page's address bar. SportsLine's use of web beacons, includes, without limitation, the following:  **•**|  SportsLine may use web beacons within the Site in order to count unique users (actually, unique web browsers), visits and page views. Unique browser recognition is possible through the use of web beacons and associated cookies that may be managed by a third party site analytics partner.  
---|---  
**•**|  SportsLine may use web beacons to monitor Site traffic and conversion patterns through our various product and service offerings. For example, web beacons may be integrated into a merchandise product page as well as the subsequent shopping cart, transaction and verification pages. This allows us to determine the most appropriate methods to serve our transaction-oriented customers.  
**•**|  SportsLine may use web beacons to provide our web-serving applications with access to SportsLine cookies. This allows us to personalize your experience when you visit the Site.  
**•**|  SportsLine includes web beacons in HTML-formatted email messages (messages in which we are able to include graphics). These beacons allow us to determine whether or not email messages were opened, links were clicked and notifications/offers were acted upon.  
**Registration**   
In order to take advantage of certain features the Site may choose to offer (including, but not limited to, Site Customization, Newsletters, Contests, Forums, Fantasy Games or other subscription-based services), you may be asked to complete a registration form which will provide us with personally identifiable information. You may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to identify yourself during future visits to the Site. **Newsletters and Site Emails**   
We may offer newsletters and other email communications to share information with you about sports news and information available on the Site, about certain features the Site may choose to offer or about our affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, advertisers and sponsors. You may receive newsletters and other email communications by either registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership offering for which you have registered on the Site. You may cancel your email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Site or, in some instances, in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails. **Contests or Sweepstakes**  
We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Site which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes. In the event you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Site, such as on a winners page. Except as required by applicable law, we will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes that is promoted on the Site and, as part of the contest or sweepstakes, may collect your information. In those cases (where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes), we have no control over the information collected. Thus, before participating, we urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy as applicable to the contest or sweepstakes. **Surveys or Voting**  
From time to time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. **Transaction Information**  
If you purchase a product from us or subscribe to any of the services offered on our Site, we will ask you to complete an order form that will require certain information from you, including credit card number and expiration date, billing address and shipping information, if applicable. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the products or other services that you ordered, and, if necessary, to invoice you.  SportsLine owns the information collected via the Site. As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:  **•**|  Contact you about the Site.  
---|---  
**•**|  Contact you relating to your membership status.  
**•**|  Confirm or fulfill an order you have made.  
**•**|  Monitor or improve the use of the Site.  
**•**|  Customize the advertising and content you see.  
**•**|  Monitor compliance with our Site Terms of Service.  
**•**|  Provide special offers to you from us and/or our respective affiliates, subsidiaries and other third parties.  
**•**|  Send you promotional material on behalf of our partners.  
**•**|  Inform you of a prize you have won.  
At times, we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others: **Agents**  
We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, Site analysis, data analysis, marketing assistance, credit card payment processing, and customer service. These agents may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. **Promotional Offers**  
We may send offers to you on behalf of other partners. When we do this, we do not give that partner your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may opt out in the email or change your preferences. **Aggregate Information**  
We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Site usage statistics to advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information. **Co-Registration Programs**  
Throughout the Site you may be presented with an opportunity to receive special offers from third parties. Opt-in or opt-out messages will ask you if you would like your information to be shared. If you do choose to have your information shared, your information will be subject to the privacy policy of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices of such companies prior to providing your personally identifiable information. **Third-Party Ad Serving & Audience and Traffic Measurement Services**   
The Site may use third party network advertisers to serve the advertisements on the Site and may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Site. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Site and other Web sites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services you might be interested in. Although advertisers and other companies do not have access to your cookies as provided by the Site, the Site's third party network advertisers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser. These third party cookies are set for purposes including but not limited to targeting advertisements to you that you might be interested in, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding how useful certain advertisements are to you. Note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. Third party cookies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. Please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp> in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third party ad servers we may use. **Our Subsidiaries and Affiliates**  
We may share your information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with our subsidiaries and affiliates. **Business Transfers**  
SportsLine.com, Inc. or any of it assets, including the Site, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the key business assets. In such a case, your personally identifiable information, which we have gathered, may be one of the business assets we transfer. **Legal Process**  
In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena, court order or legal process, which may be without notice to you.  The Site may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to its users. You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. If you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.  You should be aware that when you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Site onto a different Web site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Site's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked from our Site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.  The Site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Your credit card number is encrypted via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and is stored behind a firewall. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.  The Site is a general audience site. We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) on the Site. If in the future, we collect personally identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.).  **NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES AND YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY** | Return to Top  
---|---  
By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. SportsLine may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address associated with your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Site. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy.  If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer wish to access our Site, we provide various ways to correct, update and/or remove personal data you have provided to us. Update your account information: <http://www.sportsline.com/help> Edit your newsletter or list subscription status: <http://www.sportsline.com/newsletter> Email Customer Service: <http://www.sportsline.com/help/contactus> If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Site, you can email your question to Customer Service using the link above or you can contact us by mail at: Customer Service  
SportsLine.com, Inc.  
Attn: Privacy Policy for SportsLine.com  
2200 W. Cypress Creek Road  
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309 
