> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sport195.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519230739id_/http%3A//www.sport195.com/home/site_documents/Privacy%2520Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SPORT195 - About us - People - Investors

Sport195, Inc. (“Sport195” or “we”) operates Sport195.com. This Privacy Policy describes Sport195’s use and sharing of Personal Information identifiable information (“Personal Information”-- your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number) that Members voluntarily provide to Sport195 when they register (also known as “Registration Personal Information”). The Term “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member. This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by Sport195, including any Sport195-branded URL (the “Sport195 Website”), the Sport195 instant messaging service, the Sport195 application developer service and other features (for example the video embedded players), Sport195 mobile services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Sport195 in connection with the Sport195 Website (collectively, the “Sport195 Services”). The Sport195 Services are hosted in the United States.

The Sport195 Website is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 years of age.

From time to time Sport195 may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our Personal Information collection and use practices, the features of the Sport195 Services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by Sport195 on the Sport195 Website. Your continued use of the Sport195 Services after Sport195 posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If Sport195 materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your Personal Information, your Personal Information will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change.

COLLECTION AND SUBMISSION OF Personal Information AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION ON SPORT195

General. When Sport195 collects Personal Information from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting Registration Personal Information to us in order to register as a Member of Sport195. Sport195 may also collect Personal Information from you if you choose to participate in Sport195 Services activities like sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to Sport195 for review. 

In addition, Sport195 collects other non-Personal Information including IP address, aggregate user data,and browser type. This data is used to manage and improve the Sport195 Services, track usage, and for security purposes. 

Sport195 Members may also choose to provide or store non-Personal Information in their profiles, including but not limited to date of birth, interests, sports information, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom they are affiliated (schools, companies), videos and/or pictures, private messages, bulletins or Personal Information statements (collectively “Profile Information”). The Profile Information in a Member’s profile is provided at his or her sole discretion.

Sport195 Members can change their Registration Personal Information and Profile Information at any time and can control how Visitors, other Members and Sport195 communicate with them by controlling their account settings, available within the “Edit Profile” portion of their Sport195 profile

Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that Sport195 places on your computer. Sport195 uses cookies to identify your Internet browser, store Users’ preferences, and determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on the Sport195 Services. Data in cookies may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide services. 

Third party advertisements displayed on Sport195 Services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers (known as “third party cookies”). Sport195 does not control these third party cookies and Users of the Sport195 Services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. See the “Notice” section below for more information on customized advertising on Sport195. A pixel tag is a tiny image inserted in a webpage and used to record the number and types of views for that page. Sport195 may allow third party pixel tags to be present on Sport195 Services for purposes of advertising, providing services or data and statistics collection.

You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on the Sport195 Services. 

NOTICE: SPORT195 WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES

When you voluntarily provide Personal Information to Sport195, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses Sport195 will make of the information to the extent it is being used in a manner that differs from what is allowed pursuant to this Privacy Policy.

At the time you provide your Personal Information, Sport195 will notify you of your options regarding our use of your Personal Information (See “Choice” below). Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Sport195 will not share your Personal Information with third parties unless you have given Sport195 permission to do so (See “Use” below).

Sport195 Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Sport195 Services may also carry advertisements from other companies. Sport195 is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the Sport195 Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave Sport195 Services via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any Personal Information they collect from you.

Sport195 Services may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with Sport195 (i.e., that are part of the M10 Group: “Affiliated Companies”). Although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the M10 Group Privacy Principles, Users who visit those Affiliated Company sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

Sport195 may use cookies and similar tools to customize the content and advertising you receive based on the Profile Information you have provided. Profile Information you provide in structured profile fields or questions (multiple choice questions like “Marital Status,” “Education” and “Children”) (“Structured Profile Information”), information you add to open-ended profile fields and questions (essay questions like “About Me,” “Interests” and “Sports”) (“Non-Structured Profile Information”) and other non-Personal Information about you may also be used to customize the online ads you encounter to those we believe are aligned with your interests. For example, based on your sports interests we might display an advertisement to make sure you are advised when your favorite team is coming to town. The information used for this feature does not provide your Personal Information or identify you as an individual to third parties. If you would like to disable advertising customization for Non-Structured Profile Information, please log in and click here.

Some of the advertisements that appear on Sport195 Services may also be delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect non-Personal Information about your visit to or use of Sport195 Services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address. To opt out of information collection by these companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please click here.

Third party applications (such as widgets) created by third party developers may also be available on the Sport195 Services. Third party applications are small bits of software, often with interactivity, that can be installed into Members’ profiles or shared with other Users. However, Sport195 does not control the third party developers, and cannot dictate their actions. When a User or Member engages with a third party application, that Member is interacting with the third party developer, not with Sport195. Sport195 encourages Members not to provide Personal Information to the third party’s application unless the Member knows the party with whom it is interacting. 

CHOICE: SPORT195 WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Sport195 will get your permission before we use the Personal Information you provide to us in a way that is inconsistent with the purpose for which it was submitted or share your Personal Information with third parties that are not affiliated with Sport195.

USE: SPORT195'S USE OF Personal Information

Sport195 will only use the Personal Information you provide under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If Sport195 obtains Personal Information from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy.

In order to locate other Sport195 Members that you may already know in the physical world, Sport195 allows Users to search for Members using Registration Personal Information (i.e., full name or email address). Sport195 also allows Users to browse for certain Profile Information in order to help connect with Members (i.e., schools and/or companies where Users may have attended or worked). Sport195 may also enable Members to publicly display some Registration Personal Information as an element of their Profile Information if they choose to do so via a profile setting under “Edit Profile.” Search engines may index the portion of a Member’s profile (including the Profile Information it contains) that is publicly displayed. 

If you have consented to receive promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications from Sport195, Sport195 may periodically use your email address to send you such materials related to the Sport195 Services, as applicable. If you want to stop receiving such materials from Sport195, you can change your profile settings under “Account Settings,” or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. 

Sport195 employees, agents and contractors must have a business reason to obtain access to your Personal Information. Sport195 may share your Personal Information with those who help us manage or provide Sport195 Services’ information activities (for example, message board administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses, data processing), or with outside contractors, agents or sponsors who help us with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions and sweepstakes.

These outside contractors, agents or sponsors may temporarily store some information on their servers, but they may only use your Personal Information to provide Sport195 with a specific service and not for any other purpose. Sport195 may also provide your Personal Information to a third party in those instances where you have chosen to receive certain information and have been notified that the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of your Personal Information. Sport195 also may share your Personal Information with Affiliated Companies if it has a business reason to do so.

As described in “Notice” above, Sport195 may customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Sport195 Website, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-Personal Information and/or Profile Information may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. Sport195 prohibits these companies from sharing your non-Personal Information and/or Profile Information with any third party or from using it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by pixel tags, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with Sport195’s advertisers and business partners.

There may be instances when Sport195 may access or disclose Personal Information, Profile Information or non-Personal Information without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Sport195, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the Sport195 Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if Sport195 sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Sport195 may transfer your Personal Information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 

When a Member who is located in the European Union chooses to post Profile Information that will be publicly disclosed, that Member is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws. Sport195 is not responsible under the EU local data protection laws for Member-posted information.

SECURITY: SPORT195 PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF Personal Information

Sport195 uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information and credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, Sport195 uses reasonable methods to make sure that Personal Information is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete.

ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR CHANGE YOUR PREFERENCES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND HOW TO CONTACT SPORT195 ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS

Whenever possible, Sport195 Members may review the Registration Personal Information we maintain about them in our records. We will take reasonable steps to correct any Personal Information a Member informs us is incorrect. If you are a Member, you can view and change your Registration Personal Information, Member preferences and Profile Information by logging into your account and accessing features such as “ My Account .” 

If you ask Sport195 to stop using your Personal Information, Sport195 will honor that request while retaining any record of your Personal Information that is necessary to comply with applicable federal, state or local law. 

If you would like to communicate with us about this Privacy Policy or Sport195’s collection and use of your Personal Information please contact Sport195 at:

Email:  privacy@Sport195.com 
