> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spotfn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130907075240id_/http%3A//www.spotfn.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SpotFN - Privacy Policy - SpotFN

Dedication to our customers is evident in the care we take with our privacy policy. Above all else, SpotFN ensures the privacy, confidentiality and security of all of our clients. We do this to the fullest extent possible with the current technology that's available.1\. In order to secure all parties against any possible fraud; SpotFN asks all new clients to acknowledge their full cooperation by sharing certain information with our company so that we can better confirm the clients identity and ensure the security of their deposit. All information collected is secured and is only available to authorized personnel in order to verify that there are no improprieties that my lead to international money laundering operations and secure the customers trading activity.  2\. It is the responsibility of every client to supply SpotFN with the most accurate and updated information pertaining to their identity. It is is also required that every client of SpotFN states unequivocally that all trades made are done so by the registered user of each account. All behavior that maybe interpreted as fraudulent or contrary to these policies will result in immediate termination off all accounts and may result in authorities being notified. 3\. SpotFN is constantly working on improving its users' experience. In order to accomplish this, our system automatically installs cookies so we can better understand how you  as a user interact with the SpotFN platform. We also collect any information that you freely share with us in order to better understand you and your needs. All information collected is NEVER shared with any third parties and is only utilized by internal security staff to ensure our clients security and confidentially 4\. SpotFN will never, under any circumstances disclose any privileged information to any third parties, unless expressly authorized to do so in writing by the client. The only exception to this rule is when SpotFN is mandated to do so by a law enforcement agency. A clients information may also be reviewed by our internal security team in order to safeguard their personal information or security of the account.     5\. When Registering With SpotFN the client confirms and agrees that they consent to all or part of all information they have provided regarding their SpotFN trading accounts. Furthermore, by voluntarily interacting with the SpotFN platform and services, the client acknowledges that SpotFN will store all relevant data and records in order to be used at later time in and if disputes should arise between the client and SpotFN.6\. SpotFN continually secures all data and personal information by our sophisticated internal mechanisms so that we may offer the most secure and private trading experience. The confidentiality and protection policies are in place to fully secure all of our clients.7\. SpotFN is a full service organization that may from time to time reach out to our clients whether by telephone or email in order to make you better aware of information about SpotFN, its Binary trading platform or financial market trading. We may also contact you in order to inform you of unique promotional opportunities that are available exclusively to SpotFN clients. The client consents to these actions when registering and/or activating a SpotFN trading account. The client has the right to opt-out at any time simply by emailing SpotFN and requesting for all further promotional contact to cease.  

