> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whistles.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140403203623id_/https%3A//www.whistles.co.uk/fcp/content/general_privacy/content) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Whistles

Whistles believe purchasing goods online should be as secure as shopping in store and we strive to achieve this. Additionally, we respect your privacy rights and protect all online visitor personal information.
    Your privacy is taken very seriously. We work hard to ensure that Whistles only use your information in the ways that you have agreed. Our Privacy Statement explains what information we collect on our website, how and when it is collected, what we use it for and how we will use it in the future. If you have any further questions relating to this statement please contact us at [enquiries@whistles.co.uk](mailto:enquiries@whistles.co.uk). If you are under 18, we require that you inform a guardian or parent regarding Whistles Privacy Policy before ordering online.
    We have made every effort to display the colours and descriptions of our products that appear online as accurately as possible. However, screens can vary in the way they display colour and may not accurately reflect the look of the product on delivery.
    Prices are inclusive of VAT. Goods are subject to availability.
No Junk Mail
We understand that junk mail can be a nuisance
    We will only send you marketing messages, such as items and promotions that match your profile, if you choose to receive them from us or the third parties we think you may be interested in hearing from. If you decide that you no longer wish to receive emails from www.whistles.co.uk, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking here and selecting "Unsubscribe". We promise your details will never be sold to an unconnected third party for marketing purposes.
    Our Privacy Statement may change and therefore you should review it regularly. We will of course notify you of any updates where we are required to do so. If you have any questions relating to this statement, please email us at [enquiries@whistles.co.uk](mailto:enquiries@whistles.co.uk). 
Website Security
We use a 128-bit SSL encrypted secure internet connection to protect your payment details while you are shopping on our website.
    Your computer should automatically allow the secure connection to open when placing your order. This ensures all details supplied and any responses received are successfully encrypted.
The Information we collect and how it is used
When you place an order with us we require certain information, such as personal details, order, address(es) and payment particulars, so that we can process your transaction and deliver your goods.
    In order to give our customers the best possible service, we may at times ask for other details, for example, product size and category preferences, age and any special dates (such as birthday). This is entirely voluntary and we only use this information for profiling and marketing purposes.
    You can choose to sign up for our regular email newsletter and to receive other marketing communications from us via post, email, SMS, MMS and telephone. We will only use the contact method to which you have agreed.
    We are always interested in improving and developing our website and may contact you requesting feedback regarding your online experience. For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communications with us. This information will only be kept for as long as is reasonably necessary for these purposes.
What you can expect from us
We will at all times comply with the standards, procedures and requirements of UK data protection laws to ensure that the personal information you give us is kept appropriately secure and processed fairly and lawfully. We may have to pass your information to countries or jurisdictions that do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK. If we do make such a transfer, however, we will (where necessary) always put a contract in place to ensure that your information is properly protected.
    In order to process your order and deliver your purchases we may have to pass your information to some of our service providers, such as, our order dispatch service and our delivery company. Our courier company will be informed of your telephone number as they may wish to contact you by phone or text message to update you on the delivery date and time of your order. Any details passed on to these third parties will only be used in the prescribed way and cannot be used by these companies in their own right.
    On occasion we may notify you by email of changes to our Terms and Conditions or other important updates concerning our website and services.
    In certain circumstances we may need to use your information in the detection or prevention of fraudulent activity. This may involve disclosing your address and postcode details to check against IMRG Security Alert or any other Fraud Prevention Scheme.
    Any information you deem incorrect can be updated at any time by clicking here and logging on to our account.
    We will not pass your information to any third parties outside of Whistles Ltd, except where required to do so as a part of the sale, disposal or transfer of our business, in whole or in part.
    Should you wish to gain a copy of the personal information we hold on you (for which we may charge a small fee) please call us on +44 (0) 845 899 1222 or email us at [enquiries@whistles.co.uk](mailto:enquiries@whistles.co.uk).
