> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whitetruffle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525012045id_/http%3A//whitetruffle.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Whitetruffle | Matching engineers with startups


    Oleboo, Inc. (the “Company”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting the Company’s website at www.oleboo.com or any of Company’s other websites such as www.whitetruffle.com, applications, domain names or other linked pages, (collectively the “Website”), or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.  By using the Website, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
    
    You post any Content (as that term is defined in the Company’s Terms of Use located at http://www.oleboo.com/tos) on the Website at your own risk.  We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that Content you post on the Website will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your Content.
    Any improper collection or misuse of Content or other information accessible on the Website is a violation of the Company’s Terms of Use and should be reported to urgent@oleboo.com.
    
    WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
    This Privacy Policy covers Company’s treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that Company gathers when you are accessing the Website and when you use our services.  Also, this Privacy Policy covers Company’s treatment of any Personal Information that Company’s business partners share with Company, or that you provide to the Company through a third party website using a Company application.  This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Company does not own or control, including Facebook and Linkedin, or to individuals that Company does not employ or manage.
    
    Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Website or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to Company or on the Website. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at urgent@oleboo.com.
    
    WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY DISPLAY OR COLLECT?
    When you use the Website, you may set up your personal profile, form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, and transmit information through various channels. The information we gather from users enables us to personalize and improve our services, and to allow our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to interact with Company through the Website.  In most cases, we retain such information so that, for instance, you can return to view prior actions you have taken or easily see a history of contacts. When you update information, we usually keep a backup copy of the prior version for a reasonable period of time to enable reversion to the prior version of that information.  In addition to the foregoing, we collect the following types of information from our users.
    
    Personal Information You Provide to Us:
    We receive and store any information you enter on the Website, whether via computer, mobile phone, other wireless device, or that you provide to us in any other way. The types of Personal Information collected may include, without limitation, your name, email address, IP address, browser information, password, photograph, team preferences, and actions you have taken through the Website. You may choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as responding to your requests for certain information, products and services, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features. You may modify or remove your Personal Information identified below at any time by logging into your account and accessing features to edit your profile and account information.
    
    Personal Information Collected Automatically:
    We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Website or our services. Company automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Company cookie information, and the page you requested. We also record the details of your activity on the Website.
    Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show. Company only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often users use parts of the Website or services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many users as possible, and improve those services. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our site. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use their services and the Website, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. Again, Company never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
    
    Email Communications:
    We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Company if your computer supports this type of program. Company uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful. If you do not want to receive email or other messages (including messages we may send you via Facebook) from us, please indicate your preference by choosing the “unsubscribe” option included in each email or message we send you.
    
    What About Cookies?
    Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. Company cookies do not collect Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
    Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because you will not be able to log in or use many of the Website’s most attractive features without cookies enabled.
    Ads appearing on the Website may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
    
    Will Company share any of the personal information it receives? 
    Personal Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone. However, we share your Personal Information as described below.
    Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We anticipate that we may become affiliated with a variety of businesses and work closely with them. In certain situations, these businesses may sell items to you through the Website. In other situations, Company may sell products or provide services jointly with affiliated businesses. You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with a transaction or service, and we will share user information with that affiliated business that is related to such transactions and/or services.  Such services may include the ability for you to automatically transmit information you input on the Website to your profile or account on another site or service.  We have no control over the policies and practices of affiliated businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to allow such automatic transmissions, please review all affiliated businesses’ policies before disclosing any Personal Information or other content on the Website.
    
    Facebook: Our services are available through Facebook’s “Facebook Connect” service.  You acknowledge that you understand information you input on the Website may appear on Facebook, and information you input on Facebook may appear on the Website.  You may edit your privacy settings on the Website to prevent certain information from being transmitted to Facebook and being reflected in your Facebook account.  However, we have no control over Facebook’s policies and practices as to privacy or anything else, so please review all of Facebook’s policies before disclosing any Personal Information or other content, on the Website or on Facebook.
    
    Linkedin: Our services are available through Linkedin “OAuth” service.  You acknowledge that you understand information you input on Linkedin may appear on the Website.  However, we have no control over Linkedin’s policies and practices as to privacy or anything else, so please review all of Linkedin’s policies before disclosing any Personal Information or other content, on the Website or on Linkedin.
    
    Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you.  Examples include sending email, analyzing data, and providing user services. Unless we tell you differently, Company’s agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information for the above purposes.
    
    User Profiles: User profile information including, without limitation, users’ name, email address, photograph, employment history, education history, actions you have taken through the Website, and any rewards you have achieved through your use of the Website, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the website or provide your request for Company’s services.  Any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your display name may be displayed to other users when you send messages through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Any images, captions, comments, personal interests or other content that you submit to the Website may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
    
    Communication About the Website or in Response to User Requests: As part of the Website and our services, you will receive from Company email and other communication relating to your use of the Website or your profile. You acknowledge and agree that by posting information of the Website or otherwise using the Website, Company and its agents may send you email, contact you or engage in other communication that they determine in their sole discretion relate to your profile or use of the Website.  Company may use a user’s email address to send updates, a newsletter or other news regarding the Website or Company services.
    
    Promotional Offers: We may send offers to certain users on behalf of other businesses. However, when we do so, we do not give the other business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive these offers, please choose the “unsubscribe” option in any promotional email or message we send you.
    
    Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if Company, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of Company may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
    
    Protection of Company and Others: We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with that law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
    
    With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be given the option to prevent the sharing of this information.
    
    IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE?
    Your Company account Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need ensure unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
    
    Company endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private, however, Company cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. For additional information about the security measures Company uses in connection with the Website, please contact us at contact@oleboo.com.
    
    The Website contains links to other sites. Company is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Website.
    Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post information to public areas on the Website or any other public forums, such information can be accessed by the public.
    
    WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?
    Company allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. Our services are also offered through Linkedin OAuth, so some of this information may also be accessible via your Linkedin account; changes made through Linkedin may be reflected on your account with us. This list may change as the Website changes. You may currently access the following information:
    ·     account information,
    ·     user profile (including title and description), and
    ·     content in your account.
    
    WHAT OTHER CHOICES DO I HAVE?
    You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the “What Personal Information Can I Access” section above. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
    
    You may request deletion of your Company account by sending an email to contact@oleboo.com. Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
    
    If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, please choose the “unsubscribe” option in any email or message we sent you.  Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.
    
    CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
    Company may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time for any reason. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you via email or by posting an announcement on the Website. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Website after such changes have been first posted.
    
    QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
    If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at Oleboo, please send us a detailed message to contact@oleboo.com.   We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
     
    Effective date: June 1st, 2010
    
      
    
