> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whitehouseblackmarket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071229013320id_/http%3A//www.whitehouseblackmarket.com/store/page.asp%3Fid%3D5) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# White House | Black Market - Privacy Policy

We value all of our customers and respect your concerns about online security and privacy.

White House | Black Market believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all of our customers. We want you to feel comfortable that personal information such as your name, address and credit card number will be kept safe throughout your entire shopping experience on our web site.

We designed our web site to accept orders only from web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology; for example, 3.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator and versions 3.02 or higher of Microsoft Internet Explorer. This means you’ll be unable to inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection.

Our security measures are designed to prevent anyone from stealing and using your credit card number. In addition, consumer protection laws protect you against the unauthorized use of your credit card. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, if your credit card is used without your authorization, your liability for those fraudulent charges cannot exceed $50. So, if someone steals your credit card or your credit card number, your liability is limited to $50 no matter how much the thief charges to your account. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

If you have any concerns about security that are not answered here, please contact us and we’ll do all we can to put your mind at ease. 

Our privacy policy is intended to protect your privacy and ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. As we continue to develop our web site and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, our policies will change and evolve. If our information practices change in the future, we will post an updated Policy on our web site. You can tell if the Policy has been changed by checking the revision date that appears at the end of this Policy.

Currently, we gather personal information so we may contact you by email, for reasons including confirmation of orders. We also gather online information about your purchases and shopping activities to improve the content of our web site, to enhance your online shopping experience and for use in future marketing and promotional activities for our web site and for White House | Black Market stores. The type of information we collect includes your name, email and postal addresses, phone and credit card numbers and product preferences. This information is collected when you login to our website, place an order online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information online, or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. Any information you share with us or we gather from your shopping activities may be shared with White House | Black Market corporate affiliates including Chico's FAS, Inc., its subsidiaries and its franchisees. In the event of a sale of some or all of our business, White House | Black Market will disclose your personal information to a purchaser that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this Policy. White House | Black Market may also be obligated to share information as required by law or to comply with a court order.

One way we gather information is by using an internet browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and are used by White House | Black Market to help track what pages you visit at our web site. In addition, White House | Black Market uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping bag and to tell us when you have visited the White House | Black Market web site. This way, registered users won’t have to reenter certain information upon every new visit to our site. Cookies also allow White House | Black Market to make our site more responsive to your needs, while delivering a better and more personalized experience to you.

While White House | Black Market does not sell, rent or trade the specific personal information about your shopping activities, we may use general information about your shopping activities that is not personally identifiable (for example, does not include name, address, credit card information, email address, etc.) when working with outside marketing companies. This information will allow us to better direct promotional and special offers from White House | Black Market when you visit other sites.

If you would like your name to be removed from our mailing list, please call 1.877.948.2525 or email us at customerservice@whitehouseblackmarket.com. White House | Black Market does not rent or sell our mailing list names to other companies.

If at any time you want to change or review the information you have provided, simply sign on to whitehouseblackmarket.com and click on "My Account". Once you have successfully signed in, you will be able to change any information stored in your account by clicking on “Account Profile”. Be sure to click "Save" when you complete your changes. You can also change or access this information by calling 1.877.948.2525, or by sending an email to [customerservice@whitehouseblackmarket.com](mailto:customerservice@whitehouseblackmarket.com). Please be sure to include or have ready your full name, address, phone number and email address.

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000 and imposes certain requirements on web sites, directed toward children under 13, that collect information on those children, or on web sites that know they are collecting information on children under the age of 13. White House | Black Market's web site is not directed toward children under the age of 13. We want to let you know that it is White House | Black Market's policy not to knowingly collect personal information on any person under 13.

If a child has provided White House | Black Market with personally identifiable information via its web site, White House | Black Market requests that a parent or guardian call 1.877.948.2525 or contact us by email at customerservice@whitehouseblackmarket.com and we will delete the information about the child from our files.

If this policy changes, White House | Black Market will revise this portion of its privacy policy and will comply with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, which includes providing notice and choice to each child’s parent or guardian before collecting personal information.

Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with White House | Black Market, may choose to opt out of White House | Black Market disclosing personal information about them to third parties for marketing purposes.

For purposes of this California opt-out option: 1. “Chico’s” means Chico’s, its affiliates and the Chico’s, White House|Black Market and soma web sites, and 2. “Third Party” means a business that is outside the Chico’s umbrella.

If you choose to opt-out, Chico’s will not disclose your personal information to a Third Party for marketing purposes. As a result, you will not receive direct mail, telephone or email solicitations for products or services from: 1. a business not under the Chico’s umbrella; or 2. Chico’s.

To opt out, please do the following: 1. call 1.877.948.2525 and 2. Tell the telephone representative that you would like to opt out of White House | Black Market sharing your information with a third party AND that you would like to opt out of receiving direct mail, telephone and email solicitations from Chico’s. Your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date it was received. Once you have opted out, you do not need to do so again.

Revised: July 2007
