> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whitewall.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170108141735id_/https%3A//us.whitewall.com/service/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - WhiteWall

* * *

  1. To complete and execute your order, and for the purpose of sending e-mails in certain situations (such as notifications regarding order status), we process personal information you provide (title, first- and surname, address, e-mail address and phone number, payment details) in accordance with the conditions of the German data protection laws. We save the contract text and send you an e-mail containing the details of your order. You can view our T&C (General Terms & Conditions) [here](https://web.archive.org/service/terms-and-conditions "T&C") at any time, and can review your previous orders in your WhiteWall account if you registered when ordering. Upon registering for the newsletter your email address will be used for private advertising purposes, until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. You have already given your explicit consent to the following text: "Subscribe to newsletter (You may unsubscribe at any time)". We would like to make you aware that you are able to revoke your consent at any time with immediate effect for the future.  
Your personal information, which after registering, you can enter, adjust, and delete in your password-protected area My WhiteWall, will be used exclusively for the implementation of the contract. Some of your information (title, first name and surname, address, telephone number) is made available to our logistics provider during the delivery of your order. If you are an artist on our Art Market, your first name and surname and, if applicable, your signature may become known to third parties. No other form of transfer will take place unless as a result of legal or regulatory directives. The same applies to personal information transferred to us during communication (electronic or in print form).
  

  2. In addition, in order to ensure maximum data protection, all payment details (e.g. account and credit card details) will automatically be deleted from our systems after the order and the payment have been processed and such information will have to be re-entered in the event of future transactions.
  

  3. WhiteWall will not use your image data in any way without your explicit consent. Image data you upload for personal use only, will not be used by WhiteWall for advertising or other purposes under any circumstances. The regulations differ with regards to images you offer for sale through WhiteWall and these differences can be found in our T&C. 
  

  4. In accordance with federal data protection laws you have the right to access, for free, information regarding your saved data as well as, where applicable, the right to adjust, block or delete this information. This can be done either through your password-protected area [ My WhiteWall](https://web.archive.org/my-customer-account "My WhiteWall"), or by contacting our customer services under [info@whitewall.com](mailto:info@whitewall.com "info@whitewall.com").
  

  5. The WhiteWall website uses "cookies", which are text files stored on your computer, in order to allow you to use all features and functions of our website fully. Most of the cookies used will automatically be deleted after the conclusion of the browser session. Other cookies are retained and will enable us to recognize your computer upon your next visit and will thus help us to improve our services to you.  
Criteo is our service provider for the placement of online advertisements appropriate to the target-audience. Criteo is a retargeting provider the enables e-commerce businesses to address the appropriate target groups regarding relevant products and services. If you would prefer for WhiteWall to not document and save the data of your visit to www.whitewall.com (with immediate effect for the future), you must merely accept the corresponding cookie. This cookie cannot be associated with any specific person and contains no information about you. As soon as the tracking server has read this cookie, it will block the collection of data for your visit. This will last as long as the cookie is stored on your computer and you use the same browser.   
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on Google’s servers. On this website, IP-anonymity is activated, meaning that Google will shorten IP addresses from within countries that are members of the European Union or that are signatories of the EEA Agreement. A full IP address will only be transmitted to Google’s US servers (where it will then be shortened) in certain exceptional cases. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google Analytics will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of cookie-based data from your website visit (as well as Google’s processing of this information) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in at the following [link](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en "T&C"). By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by LivePerson in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  
We analyze this data anonymously and merely for statistical purposes, in order to continually optimize our site and make our internet offerings more attractive to you. To protect your personal information and private sphere, your identity cannot be inferred through this anonymous data.
  

  6. The default settings in all major browsers accept cookies. You can generally disable the use and storage of cookies by selecting respective browser settings. However, by altering your settings, you can choose to automatically block cookies from all web sites, or only our website but this may make certain features of our services inaccessible to you.
  

  7. Our website uses Social Plugins (“Plugins”) from the social network, facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto; CA 94304, USA. The Plugins are recognizable through one of the Facebook logos (e.g., the white F on a blue tile or the “thumbs-up” symbol), or are labeled with the phrase: “Facebook Social Plugin.” The list and appearance of Facebook Social Plugins can be viewed at: https://developers.facebook.com/plugins. When you visit one of our webpages that contains such a Plugin, your browser makes a direct connection to Facebook’s servers. Facebook will transmit the contents of the Plugin directly to your browser and embed it in the website. Therefore, we have no influence over the range of data that Facebook collects through these Plugins and can, therefore, only inform you to the best of our knowledge: through the embedded Plugins, Facebook receives data pertaining to the correlating information you call up on our website. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can associate this information with your Facebook account. When you interact with the Plugins (for example, by clicking the like button or leaving a comment), the corresponding information is transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook, where it is saved. Even if you do not have a Facebook account, it might still be possible for Facebook to determine and save your IP address. For more information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, your rights (and settings options) pertaining to the protection of your privacy, please consult Facebook’s privacy policy at: https//www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you have a Facebook account, but would not like Facebook to collect data about you through our website and connect it to the stored data for your profile, then you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website. It is also possible to block Facebook Social Plugins with browser add-ons, such as the “Facebook Blocker.” 
  



top
