> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the horizonservices.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231163347id_/http%3A//www.horizonservicesinc.com/contact-us/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Plumbing, Heating, Air Conditioning, Drain Cleaning, Sewer - DE, PA, MD - Privacy Statement | Horizon Services Inc.

  * [Home](http://www.horizonservicesinc.com/ "Go to Home.") 
  * [Contact Us](http://www.horizonservicesinc.com/contact-us "Go to Contact Us.") 
  * Privacy Statement 



**HORIZON SERVICES, INC.** provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We respect and are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and others who visit our website. This Privacy Statement covers the Web pages belonging to HORIZON SERVICES, INC.

Our website may also be referenced on or accessible through links contained on other sites, including sites of third party e-procurement networks. However, we have not investigated, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of those sites. Their policies and protections may be different than those offered by HORIZON SERVICES, INC. We encourage you to investigate and review the privacy practices of those sites prior to use.

This Privacy Statement and the policies described below are subject to change from time to time. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically to confirm our current site policies. This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices and explains how we use and protect personal identifiable information that we receive from our site.

### Types of Information Collected:

  * **_Personal Information:_**    HORIZON SERVICES, INC. uses personal information to better understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with HORIZON SERVICES, INC.  HORIZON SERVICES, INC. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.On the HORIZON SERVICES, INC. website, you can request information about products and services, schedule appointments, subscribe to receive marketing or support materials, participate in surveys, apply for credit and financing, or apply for a job. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data. To enhance our website and communications and to improve our products and services, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal interests, demographics, and experiences with our company. Providing this additional information is optional.


  * **_Non-personal Information (Cookies and Other Info):_**   When you visit our site, we collect anonymous system information about your computer, such as your IP address. In certain areas of the site, we require personal contact information (such as your name and email address) in order to provide account access and perform commerce-related and other online service activities. This information is usually requested in the registration and order forms set forth in those areas.We may also collect information through use of a “cookie”. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard drive by a web site. They act as unique identifiers for your computer, but cannot be used to identify any individual, only machines. We may use cookies to identify our customers and better understand their browsing or usage patterns, as well as to enhance the experience of our customers at our site.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.Non-personal data we collect may include the pages visited, unique URLs visited within our web properties, browser type and IP address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies.



### What Do We Do with the Information We Collect?

  * Schedule service/repair calls and in-home energy analysis appointments
  * Respond to your customer-service inquiries or requests
  * Provide promotional and other communications to you, if you choose to receive them
  * Enhance our website (customer experience) based on anonymous information about our site visitors



### How Do We Protect the Security of Your Information?

We protect our data with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. Our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. All information transmitted through horizonservicesinc.com is stored on a secure server.

If you enter credit card data, that information is encrypted and protected with industry standard encryption software.

### Is Information Shared with Third Parties?

HORIZON SERVICES, INC. does not  rent, sell or exchange your names to third-party companies for their marketing purposes.  We may include within our own promotional communications offers sent on behalf of other companies with whom we do business or who provide products or services we determine may be of special value or interest to our customers and subscribers. We may share information with others who help us analyze sales data, maintain our records, and provide other services for HORIZON SERVICES, INC. We may also share your information with companies that act on our behalf and at our direction to notify you of additional HORIZON SERVICES, INC. products and services. These companies may also conduct customer satisfaction surveys and manage other customer services and benefits for us. These third parties are not authorized to use your information for any reason other than to perform their contractually assigned functions.

For Horizon Services customers who wish to finance their purchase of heating or cooling equipment, we do offer a Credit Application Pre-Approval Form. This form authorizes Horizon Services to act on the customer’s behalf to obtain credit from reputable lenders. Data collected from this form will be shared only with lending institutions and only for the purpose of  obtaining financing. 

Any information we collect about you or your computer is used exclusively by HORIZON SERVICES, INC. to enhance and improve your visits to our site, or to provide you with requested information, products or services. We may share data with our affiliates and contractors in order to help us analyze such information, assess usage trends, improve site layout or design, or to maintain or upgrade our  web capabilities. However, no personal information is distributed to third parties for direct marketing or solicitation purposes.

### How Can I Decide What Promotional Communications I Will Receive?

HORIZON SERVICES, INC. may send you promotional email about products, services,  discounts, educational information or contests that we hope will be of interest. You can choose to discontinue receiving such promotional email. Each promotional email we send contains a link allowing you to discontinue future email from us. You may also send your request to unsubscribe at any time to [horizoninsider@horizonservicesinc.com](mailto:horizoninsider@horizonservicesinc.com) , indicating the email address you wish to unsubscribe. Or, you may call or write us as provided in this Privacy Policy in the section below entitled “Who Should I Contact for More Information?”  Please allow a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.

**Opting-Out (Un-subscribing):**

To opt-out of receiving communications you have requested (such as email newsletters, promotions, product updates, etc.), use any of the following methods:

  * Select the email “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication .
  * Return to the Web page(s) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions.
  * Email Horizon Services at [horizoninsider@horizonservices.inc](mailto:horizoninsider@horizonservices.inc). Put the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line. Include your name, address, email and phone number. 
  * Write to Horizon Services, Inc. – be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and relevant information about your subscription.



### Children’s Online Policy

HORIZON SERVICES, INC. is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its visitors, including children. We do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products or services to children. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using the HORIZON SERVICES, INC. website.

### Changes to This Statement

If we change our privacy statement, HORIZON SERVICES, INC. will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to our statement, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our home page.

### Who Should I Contact for More Information?

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your interactions with this site, please feel free to contact us at [webmaster@horizonservicesinc.com](mailto:webmaster@horizonservicesinc.com)  or call us at (302) 762-1200. Letters may be sent to the following address:

_**Horizon Services, Inc.**_  
320 Century Blvd.  
Wilmington, DE 19808  
Attn:  Webmaster

_Posted: December 1, 2008_
