> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hornady.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217143435id_/http%3A//www.hornady.com/story.php%3Fs%3D88) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hornady

**Q:** **What is your Privacy Policy?**

**A:** This is the web site of Hornady Manufacturing, Inc.Our postal address is:Hornady Mfg. Co.  
P.O. Box 1848  
Grand Island, NE 68802-1848We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@hornady.com  
Or you can reach us by telephone at (308) 382-1390.It is Hornady's policy to respect and protect the privacy of our users. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. Using the Internet should be a fun experience and we want to help you make it just that.USE OF IP ADDRESSES  
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers -- the computers that "serve up" Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address.For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes and logs only the consumer's IP Address and/or domain name. The server does NOT automatically log any e-mail address. Hornady's server collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to generate reports showing aggregate information, and to audit the use of our site. When guests request pages from the Hornady site, our server logs the guests' IP addresses and/or domain name. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.PERSONAL INFORMATION  
There are cases where Hornady may ask you for personal information such as your name, email address, and mailing address. For example, we request personal information for online shopping transactions, requests for catalogs or sign-ups for the Hornady PowerClub. Hornady needs to collect this information in order to fulfill your order, answer your question, or provide the information or services you request.The information we collect is used to improve the content and/or layout of our page for each individual consumer, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site or specials which may be of interest to them, or used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. We do not share information with other organizations for commercial purposes.USE OF COOKIES  
A technology called cookies may be used on some pages of this website. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, and you may disable your browser's cookie function.OPTING OUT OF FUTURE MAILINGS  
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please contact us via e-mail at webmaster@hornady.com and tell us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company. Any email you do receive from us will also have an "unsubscribe" link embedded in the message.TELEPHONE NUMBERS AND ORDERING MERCHANDISE  
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed or information they have requested. Please provide us with your correct phone number.SECURITY  
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. While we strive to protect your personal information, Hornady can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption -- recognized as one of the most advanced encryption technologies in the world.In addition, firewalls and other security enhancements are deployed on our servers to help protect your personal information from hackers and other online intruders.In general, the security measures employed by Hornady makes online buying one of the safest ways to use your credit card. Buying by telephone, and even handing your card to a store employee, are less safe than buying online from our site.YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS  
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Hornady Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.LAST REVISED: FEBRUARY, 2004

Back to index

[Search for more Frequently Asked Questions](https://web.archive.org/faqs.php)
