> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ses.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171216024017id_/http%3A//www.ses.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SES

SES is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important you know how we treat the information about you we receive on the Internet. This Privacy policy covers our use of information which is collected through or in connection with this site.

### Who is responsible for the personal information collected on this site?

SES S.A. ("SES"), a company registered under Luxembourg law (VAT Nr LU 18953352) and located at Château de Betzdorf, L-6815 Betzdorf, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, hosts and operates the SES.COM site located at http://www.ses.com.

### Information collection and use

In general, you can visit SES on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our Web servers collect IP addresses of visitors only. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. and is used by SES to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this web site. Companies doing the tracking and measurement for SES also have access to this information.

On those occasions where you do provide and consent to our use of your personal information, we will only collect and use that personal information (e.g. name, address, telephone number and email) in order to:

  * respond to inquiries submitted by you
  * process orders or applications submitted by you
  * allow you to access specific account information, i.e., company Extranet
  * create and improve our products or services.



From time to time we would like to use the personal information you supply to us for:

  * market research and tracking of sales data
  * informing you about our products and services
  * giving the information to our SES affiliates, which may be located outside the EEA, to enable them to send you information which may be of interest to you.



As part of the services offered to you through our site, the personal information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EEA; however, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.

Except as set out in this Privacy policy, we will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally required to do so, in order to protect the legitimate interest of the company or to protect your vital interests.

If at any time you wish us to stop using your personal information for any or all of the aforementioned purposes, please let us know time by sending an e-mail to [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#2a0a43444c456a594f5904494547). We will cease the use of your information for such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so.

### The use of cookies

We use cookies on our website to enhance your browsing experience.

**What are cookies?**  
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login details, language, font size and other display preferences), as well as saving information about your computer (such as IP address, geographic area and browser type).

**What types of cookies does SES use?**  
We use two types of cookies: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user. When you access the SES websites, a persistent cookie stays in your browser and will be read when you return to the site. Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a web site or a browser session).

**How does SES use cookies?**  
We use cookies on all our websites and applications. Any browser loading these sites will receive cookies from us.

**What cookies does SES use?**

  * Authentication: SES uses cookies that store authentication information.
  * Preference features and services: SES uses cookies that can tell us which language you prefer and they can help you fill out forms on the SES websites more easily.
  * Performance, analytics and research: SES uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies to analyse how users behave on the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.



**Changing your cookie settings**  
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/> You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

**Contact**  
For more information on our privacy policy and use of cookies you can contact the SES Data Protection Officer at the following email address: [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#f09491849180829f84959384999f9edd9f969699939582b0839583de939f9d)

### Keeping our records accurate and data retention

We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. You will have a right of access to the data collected and a right of rectification of the data in cases where such data is inaccurate and incomplete. Please contact us at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#80e9eee6efc0f3e5f3aee3efed).

All data related information shall not be held for longer than necessary with regard to the purpose of the data processing, observing the legal periods of limitation.

### Security of your personal data

We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available.

### Use of your personal information submitted to other sites

We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if:

  * you accessed the third party site using links from our site; or
  * you linked to our site from a third party site.



We recommend that you check the privacy policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such web site if you have any concerns or questions.

### Changes and updates

From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy policy. If we make any substantial changes to this Privacy policy and the way in which we use your personal data we will post these changes on this page. Please check our Privacy policy on a regular basis.
