> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the joocode.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180624130625id_/https%3A//joocode.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy and GDPR compliance | JOOCODE

Data owner: Joocode di Flavio Copes, Via Serto 2, 23020 Verceia (SO) info@joocode.com P.IVA IT00898030143

**Types of Data collected** I register anonymously the traffic data using Google Analytics, without tracking the IPs. All data is collected anonymously and can’t be linked to your identity. If you purchase my book you will provide Gumroad with personal data. I make sure that the information you provide is not shared or communicated to any third party except me and Gumroad. The data collected will not be sold to third parties. I respect the privacy of your information. Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookie, Usage Data and Email. Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection. The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application. Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User. Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through this Application and declares to have the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Data Controller of all responsibility.

**Mode and place of processing the Data** Methods of processing The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Place The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller. Retention time The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.

**The use of the collected Data** The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Application to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics and Managing support and contact requests. The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.

Review and removal You have the right to review, correct or remove the data I have about you. You can contact me at info@joocode.com Cookies I use a few cookies on this website. I use non-functional cookies to gather statistical data about our visitors to improve the website in the future using Google Analytics. Unless you changed your browser settings so it refuses cookies, our system will place cookies as soon as you visit our website. Google Analytics can provide the collected data to third parties if they are legally obliged, or when the data is processed by third parties on their behalf. I don’t have any influence on this. I didn’t allow Google to use the gathered analytics data for other Google services. The gathered data is anonymously as much as possible. Your IP address will not be provided. See the Google Privacy Policy at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245

How can I change the cookies settings? You can find more information about changing your cookie settings and how to activate or de-activate these in the browser’s instructions and/or help files. These settings need to be changed for each browser you use.

Changes to the privacy policy I reserve the right to change the privacy statement. This page will always contain the latest version.

**This website uses Google Analytics** This website uses the Google Analytics to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the [Google Analytics Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/privacy/www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) (as [amended for government websites](https://web.archive.org/privacy/www.howto.gov/sites/default/files/google-analytics-tos-amendment.pdf "amendments for government websites of the Google Analytics Terms of Use")) and the [Google Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy/www.google.com/privacypolicy.html). You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by [disabling cookies](https://web.archive.org/privacy/www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml) on your browser.
