> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jooq.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215133506id_/http%3A//www.jooq.org/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# jOOQ Affiliates and Partners

If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please [contact our support](mailto:contact@datageekery.com). 

Data Geekery GmbH operates several websites including [datageekery.com](http://www.datageekery.com/) and [jooq.org](http://www.jooq.org/). It is Data Geekery GmbH's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. 

## Website Visitors

Like most website operators, Data Geekery GmbH collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Data Geekery GmbH's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Data Geekery GmbH's visitors use its website. From time to time, Data Geekery GmbH may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Data Geekery GmbH also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on the Data Geekery GmbH Blog. Data Geekery GmbH only discloses logged in users under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below. 

If you log in and comment through the Disqus service, Disqus receives state data and comment data. Disqus uses Personal Information for the following purposes: (i) internally to provide and improve their Site, services, features and content, (ii) to fulfill requests you may make to them, (iii) to personalize your experience and (iv) to provide you with information and offers from them or third parties that they believe you may find useful or interesting, including newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information on services and products offered by them or third parties. They may permit their vendors to access your Personal Information, but only in connection with services that they perform for them and not to use for their own purposes. They may share or transfer your Personal Information in connection with a merger, sale or reorganization of all or a part of their business. Lastly, they may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by process of law, or if necessary in order to investigate fraud, a violation of the Site Terms of Use or in connection with any harm being caused to a third party or their rights. They may use and disclose non-personal information for any number of reasons and with any number of third parties. Please note that Disqus may change its privacy policy, and verify the current privacy policy from the Disqus site. 

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to Data Geekery GmbH's websites choose to interact with Data Geekery GmbH in ways that require Data Geekery GmbH to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Data Geekery GmbH gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we may ask visitors who sign up for an account at [jooq.org](http://www.jooq.org/) or [datageekery.com](http://www.datageekery.com/) to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Data Geekery GmbH – by purchasing a subscription to a Data Geekery GmbH service, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Data Geekery GmbH collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Data Geekery GmbH. Data Geekery GmbH does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. 

## Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

Data Geekery GmbH discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Data Geekery GmbH's behalf or to provide services available at Data Geekery GmbH's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Data Geekery GmbH's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Data Geekery GmbH will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Data Geekery GmbH discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Data Geekery GmbH believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Data Geekery GmbH, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Data Geekery GmbH website and have supplied your email address, Data Geekery GmbH may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Data Geekery GmbH and our products. We primarily use our product blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Data Geekery GmbH takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. 

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Data Geekery GmbH. 

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information to our support team. 

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Data Geekery GmbH uses cookies to help Data Geekery GmbH identify and track visitors, their usage of Data Geekery GmbH website, and their website access preferences. Data Geekery GmbH visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Data Geekery GmbH's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Data Geekery GmbH's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 

## Business Transfers

If Data Geekery GmbH, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Data Geekery GmbH goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Data Geekery GmbH may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. 

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Data Geekery GmbH may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Data Geekery GmbH's sole discretion. Data Geekery GmbH encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
