> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the soccerjerseyreplica.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101226212152id_/http%3A//www.soccerjerseyreplica.com/article.php%3Fid%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security & Privacy_Store Info_About Site_Soccer Jersey Replica,Cheap Soccer Jersey,Team Soccer Jersey - Powered by vansci

The security of your personal information is very important to us. We never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. We value your trust very highly, and will work to protect the security and privacy of any personal information you provide to us and will only use it as we have described in our Privacy Policy.

As set forth in more detail below, Isocceryou collects personal information that you provide when using the Isocceryou web site ("Site"). This information includes your first and last name, email address and a password when you create your Isocceryou account. You can browse this Site without creating an account, but you will need to create an account when you purchase something and in order to take advantage of certain features, such as "Address Book" and the other Isocceryou services. We may ask you to confirm your personal information when you contact our Customer Service department. This will allow us to protect your confidentiality by verifying your identity.

Your personal information is protected by the password you created when you created an account at Isocceryou (or another password you chose after changing a previous password). Please keep this password confidential. No Customer Service Associate or any other representative of Isocceryou will ever ask you for your password. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect. You may change it anytime by going to Sign in. Log in with your username and password, then click "Change Name, Email & Password" and enter a new password.
