> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the soccerstats.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120301193906id_/http%3A//www.soccerstats.com/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# soccerstats.com - Privacy Policy

We respect the privacy of our users. This privacy statement is designed to help you understand what information we gather and what we do with the information.

   \- Type of data collected   
When you visit this website, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. We use third-party statistical services to gather statistics on the use of the website. Such services collect some types of non-personally identifiable information such as your browser type, the IP address accessing the website, the type of computer operating system or the screen resolution that you use. We may also collect data sent to us by e-mail or through contact forms on the Website, including the IP address from which a message was sent via the contact form. 

   \- How we use the collected data   
We use the collected non-personally identifiable data for the purpose of improving the users' browsing experience on our website, and to analyse trends by aggregating statistical site usage data. We may provide aggregate statistics about our website's traffic patterns and related site information to potential advertisers or advertising agencies, but these statistics do not include personal information. We use the data provided in the contact forms to be able to send replies to questions received through those contact forms. You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve and may also disclose information collected if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that any such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, enforce this website's terms and conditions of use, respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of other users or the public. 

   \- Security   
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information that is submitted to us. 

   \- Use of cookies   
A "cookie" is a small piece of information, a snippet of text, that is sent from a website's server and stored on a web browser so it can later be read back from that browser. Typical cookie usage include enhancing the user's browsing experience. For example, the use of a cookie can allow a web server to display a web page customised with prior settings and preferences set by the user during a previous visit to the website. Other possible uses include some e-commerce sites, which may use cookies to "remember" the products placed by the user in their shopping cart, so that when the user goes to pay for their items, the server can retrieve the list of items selected by looking at the user's cookie. A cookie only includes text data sent by the web server. This data is never executed as code so it cannot contain programs or viruses, and cannot extract data from your system.   
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites through the use of cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our Website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Website and/or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [advertising opt-out page](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).   
Cookies may also be used on this Website by third-party statistical services to track visitor activity on the Website and update site usage statistics. This information is collected solely to improve the service and for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals. 

   \- Disabling cookies   
One way you can stop all or some cookies from being stored on your computer, and therefore, stop Websites and advertisers from storing and using certain non-personally identifiable information collected about your visits, is to configure the cookie blocking options in your internet browser configuration. Most web browsers (such as Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox) allow to configure settings to disable all cookies or to enable or disable them one by one. For more information please consult the user manual or help file for your particular web browser. Please note that some features of our website or other websites may not function properly with cookies disabled. 

   \- Links to other websites   
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. 
