> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the socialbookmarkdot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170615010235id_/http%3A//tiedinmedia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TiedIn Media

Tiedinmedia.com have created this Privacy Policy for the protection of Tiedinmedia.com’s Customers and Affiliates. Please read this privacy policy carefully since you are visiting this Web Site and sharing information in this Site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. RESPONSIBLE ONLINE MARKETING Tiedinmedia.com believes that protecting the privacy of the Site users is essential in order to give them the best user experience Tiedinmedia.com can possibly deliver to ensure that their experience with the Site is a positive one. With this in mind, Tiedinmedia.com proceeds to create significant results for Customers and Affiliates in the Tiedinmedia.com’s affiliate program network in professional and ethical ways without compromising the privacy of the Site users. Consumer Privacy Client Privacy I. CONSUMER PRIVACY INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM THE SITE USERS A. Personally Identifiable Information (hereafter referred as PII) The Tiedinmedia.com Site is designed to promote and facilitate the Tiedinmedia.com affiliate marketing programs with merchants and affiliates. Tiedinmedia.com does not collect any PII from individual Internet consumers unless they contact Tiedinmedia.com on his/her own initiative or respond to a Tiedinmedia.com advertisement and provide any PII. Tiedinmedia.com will not request or collect sensitive PII such as an Internet users medical/health conditions; racial or ethnic origin; political, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations; trade union membership or sex life. B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information (hereafter referred as Non-PII). The Tiedinmedia.com Site uses cookies to keep track of member activities, purchases and other online transactions on this Site and to enhance user experience for online transactions. Cookies are small data files commonly used on the Internet to help optimize and personalize the Internet end user experience and identify repeat visitors to Web sites. These cookies are activated when a user responds to or views an Internet advertisement served by the Site. These cookies provide the Site with information for the purpose of paying third parties commissions when certain actions are generated on the Advertisers Web Site. Non-PII does not enable Tiedinmedia.com to personally identify an Internet user. Tiedinmedia.com reserves the right to retain all ad delivery and reporting data as long as reasonably necessary for accounting and audit purposes. II. SHARING OF INFORMATION Tiedinmedia.com will not make any PII provided in responding to an advertisement available to the company sponsoring the advertisement, as well as to other trusted third parties in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. Tiedinmedia.com will not share PII (including information that has been enhanced with information from other sources) with advertisers, third party marketers, our affiliated entities for their online and/or offline marketing programs. While Tiedinmedia.com strongly encourages clients and partners to adopt responsible approaches to Internet marketing, Tiedinmedia.com is not responsible for the information practices of clients or their partners. The collection, use, and disclosure of any information by clients and partners are subject to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from Tiedinmedia.com’s privacy policy. Tiedinmedia.com may release accounts and any other personal information should we think that the release is appropriate in order to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Tiedinmedia.com or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. III. SECURITY Tiedinmedia.com employs professional industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data. Any data that is stored on the Sites servers will be treated as proprietary and confidential material and will not be available to the public. Tiedinmedia.com has an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, allowing access only to those employees or third parties who have a need to access such information for the purpose of delivering Tiedinmedia.com products and services effectively by means of user login and password requirements. Tiedinmedia.com routinely evaluates its data security practices in order to identify security threats or opportunities for improvement. Transmission of data over the Internet is not guaranteed to be completely secure. It is possible for third parties not under Tiedinmedia.com’s control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we take advanced security measures to protect your PII, Tiedinmedia.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit through the Site. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with or through this Site. IV. CONSENT AND CHANGES Tiedinmedia.com reserves the exclusive right to modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time should it be necessary or for legal purposes. Any changes on this page would be published in the Site and Tiedinmedia.com will update the effective date so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Except as otherwise required by law, modifications to this Privacy Policy will not affect the privacy of data collected by Tiedinmedia.com prior to the effective date of the policy change. V. CHILDRENS PRIVACY Tiedinmedia.com is very sensitive on the issue of children’s privacy and strives to protect the privacy of children using the Internet. VI. SPAM POLICY Tiedinmedia.com is committed to professional and ethical Internet practices and prohibits any e-mail spam of any kind by Tiedinmedia.com or our partners, merchants, affiliates and any other entities or individuals associated with us. We however, cannot fully guarantee a spam free experience to our users, as we do not control the activities of our partners, merchants, affiliates and any other entities or individuals associated with us. Please note that an advertiser is required to provide an opt-out mechanism for consumers to unsubscribe from future emails about the advertiser. Should you experience any e-mail spam as a result of using this Site, look for the opt-out mechanism to unsubscribe yourself. MERCHANTS AND AFFILIATES PRIVACY INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM MERCHANTS AND AFFILIATES CONTACT US If you have questions or concerns regarding the Tiedinmedia.com Privacy Policy, please contact us here: contact@Tiedinmedia.com Published November 1st, 2016 Copyright 2016, Tiedinmedia.com All rights reserved. I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE LISTED PROVISIONS CONTAINED HEREIN.

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

Website:
    [www.tiedinmedia.com](http://www.tiedinmedia.com/)
Address:
    _538 Broadhollow Rd_ , Suite 315,
    Melville,  NY 11747
E-mail:
    [contact@tiedinmedia.com](mailto:contact@tiedinmedia.com)
Phone:
    ** [844-373-TIED (8433)](tel:8443738433) **
