> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sociologipal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-05-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070503173010id_/http%3A//www.sociologipal.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**About Sociologipal and the Information -- We Collect Profile Information submitted by Members to Sociologipal**  
Sociologipal is an online social networking community that connects people through networks of friends for communicating, sharing and making new friends. To accomplish this, each Sociologipal Member creates his or her own profile, which contains the personal information that the Member chooses to include. This personal information includes such things as: First name or first and last names of the Member (depending on the options selected by the Member), Gender, age, martial status and other, similar personal information, Occupation, Schools attended or companies with whom the Member is associated, Location (e.g., city and state), and Photos, videos or other shared content uploaded by the Member to his or her profile, to the extent that it includes personal information.   
**Other Information submitted by Members to Sociologipal**  
Sociologipal also collects Member-submitted account information such as name and email address, to identify Members and send notifications related to the use of the Sociologipal service. You should also be aware that Members may reveal other personal information while communicating on other areas of the Sociologipal website, such as while participating in discussions on Sociologipal Groups and/or posting information on Sociologipal Blogs. This information, in turn, might be viewed by other Members or visitors to the Sociologipal website who are not Members.   
**Information Not Directly Submitted by Members or Other Website Users to Sociologipal**  
Finally, we also collect some information from Members, as well as from other visitors to the Sociologipal website, that is not personally identifiable, such as browser type and IP address. This information is gathered from all Members and visitors to the website.   
**Use of Information Obtained by Sociologipal -- Profile Information submitted by Members to Sociologipal**  
The personal information of a Member contained in his or her profile will be shown to those people whom the Member chooses. Each Member has three options when choosing the level of sharing of his or her profile. They are: "Friends" which consists only of that Member's friends, "Friends of Friends" which consists of that Member's friends, as well as the extended group of people who are friends of that Member's friends, and "Anyone" which is all visitors to the Sociologipal website, whether or not they are Sociologipal members. PLEASE NOTE THAT, REGARDLESS OF WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION A MEMBER CHOOSES TO INCLUDE IN HIS OR HER PROFILE, OR WHAT LEVEL OF SHARING HE OR SHE CHOOSES, CERTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT EACH MEMBER WILL BE INCLUDED IN THAT MEMBER'S "PUBLIC PROFILE," WHICH IS AN ABBREVIATED VERSION OF A Sociologipal PROFILE.   
**Other Information submitted by Members to Sociologipal**  
Except where a Member might choose to include a full name in his or her profile, a Member's email address and full name will only be used in the following circumstances: When the Member invites a friend via email to become a Sociologipal Member, When the Member sends a request to another Member to add the other Member to his or her friend list, When we send notifications to the Member relating to his or her use of the Sociologipal service or Sociologipal website, and If the Member so chooses, when we send regular notifications, weekly updates, or other news regarding the Sociologipal service or the Sociologipal website. Except when inviting or adding friends, a Member's email address will never be shared with or displayed to any other person. Members and their friends, and other Members within their personal networks (depending on the level of sharing a Member has chosen) communicate on Sociologipal with each other through the Sociologipal service, without disclosing email addresses.   
**Information that Members do not submit to us**  
We use information relating to the server information, IP address, and browser-type.   
**Sharing of the Information this Site Gathers/Tracks**  
Except as explained above, or where you are expressly informed otherwise, we do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of your personal information, unless required by law or for the protection of your Membership. However, Sociologipal may share profile information and aggregate usage information in a non-personally identifiable manner with advertisers and other third parties in order to present to Members and other users of the Sociologipal website more targeted advertising, products and services. In such situations we will never disclose information that would personally identify you.   
**Links**  
The Sociologipal Website contains links to other websites. This includes links that are placed there by Sociologipal (such as in advertisements), as well as by other Sociologipal Members. Please be aware that Sociologipal is not responsible for the privacy practices of any other website. We encourage all Members and other users of the Sociologipal website to be aware of when they leave our website, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Sociologipal through the Sociologipal website.   
**Use of Cookies**  
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on the Sociologipal website. However, we do not and will not use cookies to collect private information from any Member or other user of the Sociologipal website which they did not intentionally submit to us, other than as stated in this Privacy Policy. We use both "session ID cookies" and "persistent cookies." We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Note also that Members may optionally use a cookie to remember their email in order to automatically log in to our website. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browsers's "help" file; however, please note that, if you reject cookies or disable cookies in your web browser, you may not be able to use the Sociologipal website.   
**Correcting/Updating or Removing Information**  
REMEMBER THAT YOU CAN CHANGE THE GROUP OF PEOPLE WHO MAY VIEW YOUR PROFILE AT ANY TIME. YOU CAN CHANGE THESE PROFILE SHARING SETTINGS BY CLICKING THE "SETTINGS" LINK IN THE TOP, RIGHT CORNER OF THE SOCIOLOGIPAL HOMEPAGE. ALSO, YOU CAN ALWAYS CHANGE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU'VE SUBMITTED TO THE SOCIOLOGIPAL WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION INCLUDED IN YOUR SOCIOLOGIPAL PROFILE, BY CLICKING THE "EDIT PROFILE" LINK ON YOUR SOCIOLOGIPAL PROFILE PAGE.   
**Changes in Our Privacy Policy**  
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our web site so Members and other users of the Sociologipal website are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we are going to use Members' or other users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify those Members and users via email or by placing a prominent notice on our website.   
**Invite a Friend**  
If a Member elects to use our "Invite" feature to invite a friend to become a Member of the Sociologipal service, we ask them for the friend's email address. Sociologipal will automatically send the friend an email inviting them to join the site. Sociologipal stores this email address for the purpose of automatically adding the respondent to the friends list of the Member sending the invitation, and also to send reminders of the invitation. Sociologipal will never sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations and invitation reminders. Any person who receives an invitation may contact Sociologipal to request the removal of this information from our database.   
**Security**  
The Sociologipal account of every Member is password-protected. Sociologipal takes every precaution to protect the information of the Members, as well as information collected from other users of the Sociologipal website. We use industry standard measures to protect all information that is stored on our servers and within our database. We limit the access to this information to those employees who need access to perform their job function such as our customer service personnel. If you have any questions about the security at our website, please contact us.   
**Third Party Advertising**  
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to Members by our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may use cookies. Doing this allows the ad network to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Sociologipal does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed on the computer of any Member or other user of the Sociologipal website by the third-party ad servers or ad networks. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Sociologipal only, and does not cover the use of cookies by any other party. 
