> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the socialbro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121006075840id_/http%3A//www.socialbro.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - SocialBro

### Privacy Policy

When accessing our Website, SocialBro will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site.

If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you:

1\. The name of the domain from which you access the Internet  
2\. The date and time you access our site  
3\. The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.  


If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message.

The information collected is for statistical purposes. SocialBro may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.

For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, SocialBro uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.

SocialBro will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.

Generated by: [General Counsel, PC](http://www.generalcounsellaw.com/ "Northern Virginia Business Attorneys and Lawyers") and [Legal River](http://www.legalriver.com/ "Small Business Attorneys and Lawyers")'s [Privacy Policy Generator](http://privacy-policy-generator.legalriver.com/ "Privacy Policy Generator")

### Cookie Policy

#### What Are Cookies

As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality. 

For more general information on cookies [ the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies...](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie)

####  How We Use Cookies 

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately is most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. 

####  Disabling Cookies 

You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. 

####  The Cookies We Set 

If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out. 

We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in. 

This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users. 

This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly. 

From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages. 

When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence. 

In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences. 

####  Third Party Cookies 

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site. 

This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. 

For more information on Google Analytics cookies,[ see the official Google Analytics page. ](https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies)

We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; twitter,facebook,google plus, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies. 

####  More Information 

Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods. Email: info@socialbro.com 
