> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the socialsurf4u.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190204190553id_/http%3A//www.socialsurf4u.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SocialSurf4U.com - Privacy Policy

##### Privacy Policy

This privacy policy sets out how SocialSurf4U.com uses and protects any information that you give SocialSurf4U.com when you use this website.

SocialSurf4U.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

SocialSurf4U.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.

**Information Collected**  
In order to use this service a person must register using his or her contact information such as your name, email address and IP address. This information is used to login to use our service and to contact the member regarding our service and or products. Upon registration and each login your IP address is recorded. We use this information to provide our services and features to you, to improve those services, and to provide you with customer support.

**Facebook/Twitter/Google**  
Should a person login using their Facebook/Twitter/Google account their email, first name, last name and Facebook/Twitter/Google id is collected to identify their account and to contact them with information regarding our service and or other products. A person may choose to opt-out of emails at any time. To permanently remove this information from our site a person can simply delete there account. Wee do NOT share information with anyone, ever! 

**Cookies**  
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and keep players logged in. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.

Our website also uses Google Analytics which is a service that sends website traffic data to Google servers in the U.S. We use the reports generated by Google Analytics to help us better understand the website traffic we receive and usage of our web pages.

**Purchases**  
If you buy optional services from us, you must provide contact information like name, shipping address and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. Credit card information is NEVER stored on our servers.

**Security**  
We take every precaution to protect our members information. Only the administrator of this website has access to members email address and other information. We do NOT sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.

**Members right to Cancel**  
All members have a right to cancel their account at any time. There is a link in the members main menu that says 'Cancel account'. Simply click on that link, enter your password in the required field and your account and information will be permanently removed from our site.

**Links to other websites**  
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**Controlling your personal information**  
A member, at any time, may go to their account information and update their information.

**Contact Information**  
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about our privacy policy you can contact us by opening a support ticket here: https://www.barrylangdon.com/contact.php 

_Last Updated: June 26th 2016_
