> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the etailinsights.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140527094229id_/http%3A//www.etailinsights.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy — etailinsights

## etailinsights® is a registered trademark of EtailInsights, Inc.  


etailinsights is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website and users of our product. We take privacy issues seriously and we invite you to review the following privacy statement created for users of www.etailinsights.com. Collecting Personal Information: When you visit the etailinsights external website, you may do so anonymously, without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. Personal information such as your name, address and email address is obtained only when you provide it, for example, when you subscribe to newsletters, purchase products or subscriptions, respond to user surveys, and register for etailinsights materials, programs, events or white papers. etailinsights uses personal information to fulfill online requests for our product and services and to provide other requested services. We may also use the information you supply to: make etailinsights.com easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once, help us customize content most relevant to you, notify you about important news concerning etailinsights (including new product information and services, product updates and technical support issues), and special offers we think might interest you. To maintain and administer etailinsights.com, we track site usage through Web server logs. Our Web server logs record information such as what types of browsers are accessing our site, which pages receive high traffic, and the times of day our servers experience significant load. This information is used solely to improve the content and navigation features of our site. It is not used to personally identify you. The personal information you provide to etailinsights also allows us to determine if you are an authorized user of one or more of our products, for which you or your organization has paid a fee.

## Sharing Personal Information

  * We do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share personal information about visitors to the Services, except as described below:
  * Subsidiaries and Affiliates. We may share personal information or any information collected through the Services with our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.
  * Service Providers. We work with third parties that provide services on our behalf. Such services may include website hosting, marketing, and monitoring and maintaining the Site. We may share personal information or any information collected through the Services with these third parties for the purpose of enabling them to provide these services. We do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of outside contractors.
  * Public Profile. The Services may offer a “public profile” feature that allows users to publish portions of their profile to the public internet. This public profile will be crawled by and displayed through search engines when someone searches for your name, or company name.
  * Testimonials and Advertisements. If you provide any testimonials about the products or services through the Services, we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with our promotion of these products or services to third parties. Testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided.
  * Marketing. We enter into marketing relationships with advertisers and other companies that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to users of the Services. We will share personal information or any information collected through the Services with those marketing partners in order to help them send you information that we believe will be of interest to you. We may also provide this information to any of our affiliated businesses.
  * Consent. We may share personal information in accordance with any consent you provide.
  * Required by Law. We may disclose personal information or any information collected through the Services if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in response to a request from government officials or law enforcement authorities, or as necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity.
  * Certain Transactions. We may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through the Services to third parties who acquire all or a portion of Etailinsights’ business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our stock or assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
  * Non-Private or Non-Personal Information. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of people who visited or accessed the Services or the number of profiles created by users of the Services.
  * Sale or License. We may sell, rent, trade or sublicense (through multiple tiers) personal information collected through the Services to third parties for the following purposes: for the third party to sell, rent, trade or sublicense to any other party (i.e. a fourth party), to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns, to prepare or share business and marketing reports, or any other purpose in Our sole discretion.
  * Google Analytics. We will use Google Analytics to gather statistics on portions of the Services. We will use the information gathered to improve web services.  According to Google, Google Analytics employs cookies to define user sessions, which allows for the collection of important data about how users use the Services.  Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis.  This means that the cookies are linked to the Service’s website domain(s), and Google Analytics will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior through the Services. According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains.  If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google’s web site.
  * Third-Party Advertising Entities. You may see third-party advertisements posted through the Services. Some advertisements are chosen by companies that place advertisements on behalf of other third-party advertisers. These companies, often called ad servers or ad networks, may place and access cookies on your device to collect information about your use of the Services.
  * If you choose to interact with specific advertisers who advertise through the Services, the information you provide to them is subject to the conditions of their specific privacy policies. In addition, responding to or interacting with a particular advertisement may result in you later receiving a targeted advertisement through the Services or on other sites as a result of an ad server or ad network concluding that you fit within a particular audience an advertiser is trying to reach.



Note that any information which you upload, post, e-mail, submit or otherwise transmit to, through, or in connection with the Services to a public message board, chat area or other public area of the Services becomes public information. You are solely responsible for any such information you choose to post on or through the Services, and you may always choose not to divulge any personal information to the public when posting to a message board, chat area or other public area of the Services. All information that is posted to a message board, chat area, or other public area of the Services may be shared by us with others.

 **Usage Tracking**

We may track usage information within our product. We do this to monitor authorized usage of our product and to improve the design and functionality of our products.

 **Cookies**  
A "cookie" is a small piece of information sent by a Web server to store in a Web browser so that it can later be read back from that browser. etailinsights uses cookies only to store personal preferences about website activity for your future visits. Cookies allow us to recognize you more quickly; therefore, your time spent on our site is more personalized and productive. We do not use cookies or similar technology to cross-relate personal information about our visitors. Moreover, most Web browsers allow you to control cookie usage, including whether or not you wish to accept them and how to remove them.

 **Consent**  
By using etailinsights.com and by signing up for etailinsights's services; you consent to the collection and use of the previously mentioned information by etailinsights. This privacy policy is subject to change. To stay up-to-date with our policies, please check this page frequently. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time.

 **A Special Note about Children**  
The Services are neither designed nor intended to attract children under the age of 13, and we do not collect personal information from any individual who we actually know is under the age of 13. We ask that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to us.

 **External Links**  
The Services contain links to various websites that Etailinsights does not control. When you click on one of these links, you will no longer be transacting business through the Services. Third party websites maintain their own privacy policies, and we do not exercise any control over any of the third party websites that may be linked to the Services. If you visit a website that is linked to the Services, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of personal information about you.

 **Updating Information**  
We encourage registered users of the Services to keep their personal information current. You may change personal information you have provided about you at any time by logging into the personal profile you created on or through the Services. After you enter your username and password, you can edit personal information about you. You may also change personal information you have provided about you by contacting us at [info@etailinsights.com](mailto:info@etailinsights.com)

 **Your California Privacy Rights**  
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as S.B. 27), if you are a California resident and your business relationship with Etailinsights is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding Etailinsights’ disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email message to [info@etailinsights.com] with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line; you may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide you, by email, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the third parties’ names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by S.B. 27’s requirements.

 **Updates to this Privacy Policy**  
We may change or update the Services or any of our policies and procedures without prior notice. We will post a notice on this Site to advise you of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of this statement when it was most recently updated. Your continued use of the Services signifies your continued assent to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as updated or amended at that time.at info@etailinsights.com.

Copyright © 2011 etailinsights.
