> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 124.153.106.73 privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110120060551id_/http%3A//124.153.106.73/Privacy%2520Policy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

ATTEST TESTING SERVICES LTD
Privacy Policy
 Electronic Shopping Solutions LLC has created this privacy statement in order
 to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
 General Statement of Principles
 As described in detail below, any information we gather at this web site is strictly
 for our use and is not shared with any other entity, public or private, for any
 reason - period. We will not sell or give away any lists or other data that we may
 retain and we do not purchase such information from other sources.
 Statistical Data
 Our servers (as most) track IP addresses and referring pages to help with site
 maintenance and improvements. This data is viewed only as anonymous statistics
 to show the busiest times of the day or week, pages with errors and how effective
 our advertising has been. This information is not used for any other purpose.
 Personal Information Collected - Order Forms
 With the exception of credit card info, we store the information from your order
 form to allow us to track consulting issues or refer to a previous order to help
 provide some customer service. You may elect to have your information completely
 removed from this system by e-mailing us at attestops@aptech.ac.in with your
 request. We do not store any type of credit card information.
 Information Correction or Removal
 If you wish to correct, update or remove any information about you that may be in
 our records, please send us e-mail at attestops@aptech.ac.in with the details of
 your request. If you wish to contact us further, please find complete contact
 information on our contact page.
                                      Confidential


This document was created with Win2PDF available at http://www.daneprairie.com.
The unregistered version of Win2PDF is for evaluation or non-commercial use only.
