> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sopantech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081220214520id_/http%3A//www.sopantech.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Untitled Document

**SopanTech Solutions** will notify you when it is collecting personally identifiable information about you, as well as the use or uses **SopanTech Solutions** intends to make with such information. For example, we may need to collect information to respond to your requests for information, in connection with content entry forms and/or promotions, or to allow you to send or post messages.

IP Addresses: We may collect and disclose certain non-personal information from your IP address. This information is used only to provide an enhanced on-line experience for our visitors by optimizing our web pages for your computer (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser, the type of operating system you use, and the domain name of your Internet service provider). We may also use this non-personal information to determine the total number of visitors to our web sites.

Use of Cookies: When you view our web site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a 'Cookie' or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a web site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.

**Personally Identifiable Information:** Personally identifiable information about our visitors is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted by those visitors. **SopanTech Solutions** uses such information only for the purpose for which it was is submitted, unless we disclose other uses at the time of collection. We **** do not sell personal information to third parties. However, we may share personally identifiable information with other parts of our company, but this will never be used on an individual basis outside of the company. **SopanTech Solutions** maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of personally identifiable information in its possession. We may use such personally identifiable information in the aggregate (non-identifiable) form to make our web site better and more responsive to the needs of our visitors. This statistical compilation of non-identifiable information may also be used by or provided to others for marketing, advertising, or research purposes.

**Links to Other Sites: SopanTech Solutions** chooses its advertisers and business partners carefully. However, **SopanTech Solutions** is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our web sites. These links are meant for the visitor's convenience only. Links to third party web sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by **SopanTech Solutions** of content, policies or practices of such sites. Once you have left a **SopanTech Solution's** web site via such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site. **SopanTech Solutions** **'s** web site may also be linked to web sites operated by companies affiliated with us. Visitors to those sites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices.
