> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arrse.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121005045922id_/http%3A//www.arrse.co.uk/faq.php%3Ffaq%3Darrse_general_faq%23faq_security_privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ARRSE General FAQ

###  Commitment to Privacy

Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy notice explaining our data collection practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

###  Personal Security

Many ARRSE users have concerns about their personal security above and beyond most internet users. To fully address security concerns, there is a detailed article about security and privacy [ here in our wiki](http://www.arrse.co.uk/wiki/ARRSESecurity).

###  Cookies

When you visit www.arrse.co.uk, we send one or more cookies to your web browser. A cookie is a small, harmless piece of information that is stored in your browser. Only the domain which set that cookie can access the information from it. (ie, other domains can't access cookies set by us and we can't access cookies set by others)

The table below explains the cookies we use and why.

##  Cookie

| 

##  Name

| 

##  Purpose

| 

##  More information  
  
---|---|---|---  
  
ARRSEPedia user session cookie (ARRSEPedia section  of ARRSE only)

| 

wiki_new2_arrse_session

| 

This is an essential cookie set when a user logs in to the ARRSEPedia. It is not possible to log in as a user without this cookie.

|   
  
Google Analytics

| 

_utma  
_utmb  
_utmc  
_utmv  
_utmz

| 

These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site, which we use to help improve it. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. They are non-essential and may be disabled using our cookie control.

| 

[Click here for an overview of privacy at Google](http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html "External link")  
  
Google Advertising | 

_gads

| 

Allows integration of Google Doubleclick advertising software with Google Analytics. Non-essential and may be disabled using our cookie control.

| 

[Google Advertising Privacy Information](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/%22 "External link")  
  
Content Management System cookies | 

bb_lastactivity  
bb_lastvisit  
vbseo_loggedin  
bb_userid  
bb_password  
bb_sessionhash  
vbseo_loggedin  
bb_userstyleid

| 

These cookies are set by our content management system and forum software, VBulletin and an extension for it called VBSEO. They allow the software to recognise logged in users as well as enabling routine functions such as "new posts" where new content is shown since the last visit.  ARRSE will not function fully without these cookies. Some are essential , some non-essential and these may be disabled using our cookie control, but some functionality (eg. new posts since last visit) will not work.

|     
  
####  Third party advertising cookies

Most of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties.

Some of these third parties generate their own cookies (or web beacons) to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes. The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website).

If you would like to disable "third party" cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party's website and getting them to generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine. Here are links to the two main third party advertising platforms we use, each of which haveinstructions on how to do this:

[Google Doubleclick Advertising Privacy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/)

<http://www.rubiconproject.com/privacy-policy/>

You can also visit the[ trade body representing advertising companies](http://youronlinechoices.com/) for more information on how to opt out of these cookies

Finally you can directly control cookies in your browser by [following this guide](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1).

####  Other Partners

We sometimes work in partnership with VisualDNA, part of Imagini Holdings Ltd; a provider of anonymous demographic and behavioural information to UK advertising networks. 'Tracking pixels' and cookies are used on behalf of VisualDNA to collect anonymous behavioural data. For more information about Visual DNA please visit [VisualDNA.com](http://visualdna.com/) and read their [privacy policy](http://visualdna.com/privacy-policy).

###  Information we Collect

####  Server Logs

Whenever your access a file from our website, the server logs the following data: (i) Requested File name, (ii) Your IP address, (iii) Date & Time of request, (iv) Your user agent, (v) Referring webpage (if any), and (vi) Size of the requested document.

####  Forum Account

In the process of creating an account on the Army Rumour Service, we ask for your EMail address. This is done to verify your identity & that you are a real human being; and not some unscrupulous bot submitting web forms across the internet. Also, each thread, post, message you create on the Forum is associated with your Forum account & stamped with your I.P. address.

####  Visitor Patterns

We use a visitor tracking and analysis service (Google Analytics) to see how our website, website sections and webpages are performing. (e.g. Unique Visitors, Page Views, Total Visitors, etc.). No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.

####  Outbound Clicks

We track outbound clicks from our webpages too. Again, No personally identifiable information is collected in the process. Only pure statistical information like the URI of clicked link and URI of the page from which the click was done, is stored.

Further info and the ability to opt-out from VisualDNA cookies can be found [here](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk) and selecting 'ad choices'.

###  How we Use It

####  E-Mail Addresses

EMail addresses you entered while registering on the Forum and/or while commenting on Blog posts are used to provide you updates of any content which you have subscribed to. Occasionally (once in a month or two), we send out newsletters and/or important announcements regarding the changes in website, ongoing contests, maintenance downtimes, etc. You Email addresses are safe with us. We won't sell it to anyone! Our newsletters may contain advertising as secondary content, but will never be just advertising mail shots.

####  Other Voluntary Profile Information

We make no use at all of voluntary profile information that you may add to your user account (eg. location, website).

####  Passwords

The password which you use to login to the Forum account is salted and then encrypted before being saved in our database. It's NEVER stored in a plaintext format. This way even we can't see what your password is. And that's why in case you forget your login password, we can't retrieve it for you; we are only able to change it to something else.

####  Visitor Statistics

Visitor statistics and data logged by the server and Google Analytics are used to improve our site. We can quickly see which pages are performing well and which of them are not. Some statistics like Total Visitors, Unique Visitors, Aggregate PageViews per month are released to public. But no personal information is ever revealed.

####  Cookies

Cookies are used to store your personal preferences for a short time. They are used to customise the content that is served to you on the Forum (primarily) and/or other site's sections. Cookies are also used to store your site login credentials. (So you may or may not face difficulties accessing member-only functions, if you login with cookies disabled in your browser)

###  Data Security

Appropriate measures (user authentication, authorization, data encryption) are taken to ensure that the data we collect is safeguarded and secure from unauthorized access. Regarding the data submitted in Forum: private profile fields can only be accessed by site administrators, and I.P. addresses attached to the threads/posts can only be accessed by site administrators and moderators.

###  Use by children

Protecting very young children's privacy is quite important. For that very reason we currently don't allow account registrations by children under 13 years of age, on our Forum.

###  Accessing your Info

Wherever possible and feasible, we provide a way for you to edit and update your personal information. In the case of Forums, you can edit your personal information and site preferences via the Settings section (link in top right of page when logged in). There are various areas within settings to add and edit data. These are the most relevant to your privacy:

Settings » Edit Profile

Edit your personal information like birth date, birth date visibility preference, website URI, instant messaging (IM) contacts, your Location, Occupation, Hobbies / Topics of Interest, Biography, etc. All of these fields are optional and you can clear them out anytime you want.

Settings » Profile Privacy

You can select the user types who can access your user profile. Data which you can restrict is: Contact info, Profile picture, Visitor messages, Albums, Biography, Friends list, Recent profile visitor list and Group membership list. You can set the access level to: Everyone (Guests included), Registered Members, Users on your Contact list, Your Friends.

Settings » General Settings

Various options are available to customise your Forum experience. The settings groups include: Login settings, Visitor and Profile Messaging, Thread Display Options, Date / Time / Timezone selection and some Miscellaneous options like the Forum's color scheme / layout (if multiple selections are available).

####  Any doubts or questions ?

Got any doubts or questions regarding the privacy policy and how we implement it ? Feel free to contact us via any of the options listed on this page : [Contact Us](http://www.arrse.co.uk/sendmessage.php).
