> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xsnews.nl privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160119133845id_/https%3A//www.xsnews.nl/en/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - XS News

XS News believes in having an open policy on what information we collect and what we use this information for, so that are members are fully aware about our practises and are confident that their privacy is being up held by a responsible Usenet provider. The privacy policy outlines what information we collect, and what we use the information for. XS News is committed to ensuring that our member's privacy is respected. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any data collected remains private and we will never disclose any information we collect to any third parties, unless required to by a court order or under Dutch law.

## Information collected when using our website

When visiting our website or any other website, there are certain information that is collected automatically such as your IP address, the pages you access and finally the time and date of your visit. We use the above information solely for analysis purposes, such as monitoring the number of visits we receive to our website. This information will not be used to indentify you as a person. When a potential customer contact us through our website, any information you knowingly provide yourself (name, questions, email address etc), will be held in our system so that our staff can deal with your queries appropriately. We may also use your email address to send any special offers or news which we believe would be of interest to you from our company. We will never sell or disclose any of your details to a third party.

## Information collected when subscribing to our services

When subscribing to our services, there is certain information that we are required to collect such as your name, address, email address and payment details. We are required to collect the above information for accounting and payment purposes. Your payment details will be provided to our payment processor so that they can process your payment on our behalf. When a member contacts us through our website, any additional information (questions, technical information etc) you knowingly provide yourself will be held in our system so that our staff can deal with your queries appropriately. We may also use your email address to send any special offers or news which we believe would be of interest to you from our company. We will never sell or disclose any of your details to a third party.

## Information collected when using our Usenet service

When access our Usenet service you are required to provide a valid username and password before you are able to use our service. This information is required each time you connect to our Usenet servers and is used solely to validate if you are allowed to access our service and the service type that are available to you. This information is usually only required to be entered once within your newsreader, and is sent automatically each time you connect to our Usenet service. We will also collect your IP address each time you log in. This information is used to ensure that our accounts are being used only for personal use and are not being resold or shared with others. We do not monitor or keep a record of your usenet access, unless required by law, however we may collect the amount of data you have transferred for accounting purposes.
