> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the avhere.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160123211517id_/http%3A//www.avhere.com/privacypolicy.php%3Fmenu%3Dnofootbanner) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Sex Videos, Sex Tube, Erotic sex tube, Full free porn videos, Free porn movies, XXX videos, Porn videos :: AVHere.com

**Privacy Policy**  
---  
We at Avhere.com recognize that privacy is important to you, and the user, and are committed to respecting your privacy. This privacy policy is created to cover the basic information of how we utilize any information given to us by you and users. In conjunction with reading this policy, you should also reference our Terms of Service agreement. This Privacy Policy is integrated with our [Terms of Service](http://www.avhere.com/termsofservice.php). Any personal information given by you is subject to these terms. Also, once any content (videos, images, text, and the like) is submitted and published on Avhere.com, it is not considered to be private/personal information from henceforward.   
**What We Collect** In order to access certain features of our site such as to open an account, submit and upload videos, and partake in the personalization of your personal channels, save video favorites, and so forth, we collect standard data from you. This data may include, but not limited to, your name, age, and email address to help verify and record user data.   
**Cookies** We may set one or more cookies - a small text file on your computer if the web browser accepts them. Cookies are used to identify membership, provide personalized content, track users' submissions, status and activities in order to provide them all proper site functionalities. This Website does use both forms of cookies - session and persistent. Session cookies expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies will remain after you close your browser. You can also remove cookies or set your computer to refuse cookies at your discretion, however unaccepted cookies may affect the features on the Avhere.com Website.   
**IP Address** Every time you access the Internet, servers assess your IP address. Your IP address is a specific number sequence that is used by computer servers and networks to identify your computer. When you visit Avhere.com, your IP address will be automatically assessed and certain information will be gathered from this action. The type of information may include the IP address, pages viewed, browser, languages cookies, and etc.   
**How We Use Your Information** Any personal, or non-personal information you provide to Avhere.com is used to maintain the functionality of our website. Any information that is voluntarily disclosed by you (in formats such as comments, discussions, profile page, channel, etc.) will be available to the public and may be subject to collection by other parties. We will not display your email address for any videos you upload or messages sent by you to other users. When you submit a video, or related content, it is subject to redistribution adhering to the terms of service policies. Other users may also contact you by your username, but they will not have access to your personal email or other information unless you make this information accessible at your own discretion.   
**Information Disclosure** Avhere.com does NOT release your personal identifiable information to other, third party companies. We WILL NEVER release your credit card, Paypal, or similar information to any third parties. We may disclose your information if we have received your permission beforehand or in the good-faith belief, or such actions in complying with the law or if required to do so by state or federal laws or respond to a subpoena/court order/search warrant. Avhere.com reserves the right to disclose personal information if we believe, in good faith, it is necessary to investigate against any claims or allegations to protect security of our online services and the property, rights or safety of Avhere.com, our customers or others.   
**Your Privacy Rights** You have the right to decline submitting personally identifiable information to the Avhere.com Website. However, be aware that any information omitted may not allow the Avhere.com Website to provide you with all services provided on our site. You can access or modify information provided during registration - please refer to your personal profile and channel page to alter, change, or remove any information that you choose. However, please be aware that any media files uploaded to our Website are subject to our Terms of Service. For your protection, a unique account/password is used to verify your identity before granting you profile access or to make any corrections on your account. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account data at all times. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or information, please [contact Avhere.com](http://www.avhere.com/contactus.php)  
**Site Security** Avhere.com employs customary technical safeguards, firewall and password based security, to protect your privacy and information from unauthorized access to the best of our abilities. However, total security cannot be guaranteed when information is transmitted to Avhere.com, users must do so at their own risk and discretion. All reasonable efforts are made on our part, once we receive your information, to protect your security. We may electronically notify you if there is ever a security breach to allow you to take any necessary protective actions.   
**International Guidelines** Avhere.com is a website available from its location in the United States of America. We at Avhere.com do not warrant or make any discretion about its appropriate use and availability outside the aforementioned country. If the Avhere.com website is accessed outside of the relevant location, those users must comply with their local jurisdiction regarding website access and usage. Be aware that any personal information you submit to Avhere.com is being transferred to the United States, and by doing so grants us your consent upon transferal of this information. Please refer to our [Terms of Service](http://www.avhere.com/termsofservice.php) for further information regarding this website.   
**Information and Merger** In the event of a merger to a third party, please be advised that Avhere.com reserves the right to transfer any information that has been submitted by the users to the third party during this time.   
**Updates or Changes to this Privacy Policy** We reserve the right to make any necessary changes to this Privacy Policy at our discretion. Upon any changes made, your continued use of the site gives your consent to these changes. Please refer to this Privacy Policy and/or our [Terms of Service](http://www.avhere.com/termsofservice.php) for any updated information. 
