> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the grohe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170607002827id_/https%3A//www.grohe.com/29390/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GROHE - Privacy

We as GROHE appreciate your interest in our company and our products. We take the protection of your privacy when using our websites very seriously. In the following we are pleased to inform you about the collection of anonymous and personal data.

**Anonymous data collection**  
In general, you can visit our site without disclosing personal information to us. As is common on almost all websites however, the server that hosts our site automatically compiles information from you when you access our site (hereinafter "web server logs"). The web server automatically gathers certain information such as your IP address, the date and time of your visit, the sub-pages you have visited, pages you had visited previously, the browser you are using the operating system you are using or the domain name and the address of your internet provider. If one of our web pages uses cookies, the web server also stores this information.  
**  
Collection and processing of personal data**  
GROHE only collects data (except in the context of web server logs) from you if you provide us with this information voluntarily to use one of our services (e.g. ordering informational material, inquiries, product related processes, partner programs). This data is exclusively processed and/or used for providing the respective service. Where necessary for providing you with a certain service, your data may also be forwarded to GROHE Group companies. Where necessary, service providers may also be commissioned by us to perform the service requested (e.g. for the sending of informational material, provide technical solutions). These service providers are also bound by the domestic legal standards and are required by GROHE to protect your data and ensure data is not disclosed to unauthorized parties and safeguarded to the legal standards.  
Your personal data will not be sent to any other third parties.

**Tracking

Google Analytics

**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.  
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website:  
<a href=“javascript:gaOptout()“>Disable Google Analytics</a>  
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/.  
Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).

**Cookies**  
Upon your first visit to a GROHE website, you will be notified explicitly about our use of cookies. You will have full control of how you want to experience the GROHE websites.  
We use cookies only to make our sites easier for you to use. Personal data may be saved in cookies on individual pages if you have expressly agreed to this in advance in order e.g. to save you from having to re-enter access data. You can in principle also access all information on our websites if you have deactivated cookies in your internet browser. However, if you reject cookies, the functionality of our offerings may be restricted.

**Rights of persons concerned**  
On request, we will naturally inform you whether we have stored personal data about you and, if so, which data. All data will be stored in line with legal requirements (e.g. legal retention periods). You can retract your consent to the saving of your personal data given on the relevant page at any time by sending us a brief notification.

**Other information**  
As a global company, we operate a number of websites worldwide. All information which you send to one of our websites in any country can be transferred electronically to a server for one of these sites in another country. This information may be used, saved or processed in a country other than the one in which it was entered. Your personal data will be saved and processed at least in accordance with the data protection provisions of the country in which the website is operated. In some cases, for countries with less defined data protection regulations, the requirements of the German Federal Data Protection Act can be implemented as well.

**Questions and suggestions on data protection**  
If you have any questions or suggestions on the subject of data protection, please contact our Corporate Data Protection Officer:  
Michael Cruickshank  
GROHE Holding GmbH  
Feldmühleplatz 15  
40545 Düsseldorf, Germany  
E-Mail: dataprotection@grohe.com

**Status**  
January 2017  
We point out that in future due to legal or other requirements this declaration may be subject to change. Please ensure that you stay regularly informed of the current status.
