> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the groupin.pk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160202051844id_/http%3A//www.groupin.pk/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Groupin.pk

### Privacy Policy

This Groupin.pk privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") is proposed to inform you of our policies regarding the collection, use and leak of any information you submit to us through Groupin.pk. This includes "Personal Information," which is your personal information such as your name, e-mail address, user ID number, and other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing, as well as "Anonymous Information," which is information that is not related or linked to your Personal Information and does not permit the identification of individual persons.

  * By accessing or otherwise using Groupin.pk, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, which is integrated into and forms a part of the Groupin.pk terms of service (set forth on [Groupin.pk terms](http://www.groupin.pk/page/terms)). You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information and Anonymous Information according to this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Information may be processed and stored in other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less rigid than the laws in your country. Your Personal Information will not, however, be used or disclosed for purposes for which you have not given consent or which are not allowed under applicable law.
  * Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use Groupin.pk and we do not intentionally collect or maintain Personal Information from those who are under 13 years old. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. Thus, if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information permanently from our databases. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 18 obtain their parent's permission before submitting information over the internet. By using Groupin.pk, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old, or that you are at least 13 years old and have a parent's or guardian's permission to use Groupin.pk.
  * In general, we collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through Groupin.pk. We also collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on Groupin.pk. When you personalize your profile and use the features of Groupin.pk, we will collect any information you provide, and we may also request optional information to support your use of Groupin.pk, such as your year of birth, and other information. We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of Groupin.pk, such as photos, reviews, ratings and other information you choose to submit. Moreover, we may collect information about you and your friends who are members of Groupin.pk, from any social network you may have connected from, in order to provide you with a more personalized experience. For instance, we may collect your user ID or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through Groupin.pk in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and collections. When you purchase a Deal, you will need to submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal. When you sign up for, or win, or indulge in other activities that we make available on Groupin.pk, we will collect the information designated along with such activity, which may include your contact information such as your address and phone number. If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we will collect your email address and other related information. Additionally, we collect any information that you voluntarily enter, including Personal Information, into any postings, comments, or forums within the Groupin.pk community.
  * We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered or through Companies who we have partnered with (collectively, "Partners"). We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you.
  * If you send an email to us, we will collect your email address and the full content of your email, including attached files and other information you provide. We may use and display your full name and email address when you send an email notification to a friend through Groupin.pk or the social network from which you have connected to Groupin.pk. Additionally, we use your email address to contact you on behalf of your friends or notifications from a social network or other website with whom you have registered to receive such notifications. We may use this email address to contact you, for things such as notifications of limited edition shop sales and other related information. You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communication as further detailed below.
  * As you use Groupin.pk, certain information may also be passively collected and stored on our or our service providers' server logs, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and viewed. This type of information is collected to make Groupin.pk solutions more useful to you and to tailor the experience with Groupin.pk to meet your special interests and needs.
  * We may also enable advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on Groupin.pk. These advertisers and ad servers may use Cookies and/or "Web Beacons" (which are usually small, transparent graphic images) in order to monitor information related to served advertisements. Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser. This Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy practices of any advertisers or ad servers.
  * Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so.
  * In general, Personal Information you submit to us is used by us to provide you access to Groupin.pk, to improve Groupin.pk, to improve the performance, and support of Groupin.pk. We may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of Groupin.pk and to help us communicate with you. We require our third-party service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us. We may share some or all of your Personal Information (other than credit card information) with Merchants whose Deals you have purchased for their commercial purposes and to provision the Deal. If you do not want us to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy, you may not use Groupin.pk.
  * Additionally, we may create Anonymous Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that would otherwise make the Anonymous Information personally identifiable to you. Generally, we aggregate this information and use it in statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of Groupin.pk. This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of any Anonymous Information in any way, and we reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties in our discretion. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with Groupin.pk affiliated companies that are under a common control, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
  * In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer's assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties. You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein.
  * Helping you to protect your information is a vital part of our mission. It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish. You understand that when you use Groupin.pk, certain information you post or provide through Groupin.pk, such as your name, profile, comments, collections and reviews, may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of Groupin.pk, including without limitation, social media applications and other public forum in which you choose to participate. Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personal Information when posting comments or other information or content through Groupin.pk, this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others, including people outside the Groupin.pk community. We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of Groupin.pk available to others, and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise.
  * If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree that any such comments and any email we receive becomes our property. We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you. 
  * We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information, no company, including us, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.



If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: help@Groupin.pk.

This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision at our discretion, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we will post an alert on this page or may otherwise post an alert on the Groupin.pk blog available at [Groupin.pk blog](http://www.groupin.pk/blog). If you object to any such changes, you must cease using Groupin.pk. Continued use of Groupin.pk following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. 

### Collection

You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information. 

We may collect and store the following personal information: 

  * financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers.
  * transactional information based on your activities on the sites (such as bidding, buying, selling, item and content you generate or that relates to your account)
  * shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item
  * additional information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies (for example, we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address, or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list)
  * information from other companies, such as demographic and navigation data; and
  * other supplemental information from third parties (for example, if you incur a debt to us, we will generally conduct a credit check by obtaining additional information about you from a credit bureau, as permitted by law; or if the information you provide cannot be verified, we may ask you to send us additional information, such as your driver's licence, credit card statement, or a recent utility bill or other information confirming your address, or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information).



### Use

Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customised experience. You agree that we may use your personal information to: 

  * provide the services and customer support you request;
  * resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems; 
  * prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement; 
  * customise, measure and improve our services, content and advertising;
  * tell you about our services and those of our corporate family, targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences; and
  * compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties.



### Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information

You can see, review and change most of your personal information by signing on to GROUPIN.PK. Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon your request to Customer Service, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our TERMS AND CONDITIONS AGREEMENT, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.

### Our Disclosure of Your Information

We may disclose your personal information to:

  * our companies, subsidiaries and other companies within GROUPIN.PK to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts;
  * service providers under contract who provide elements of our services, provide separate services that are complimentary to your use of the Site or otherwise help with our business operations (such as fraud investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programmes and marketing activities);
  * law enforcement agencies, other governmental agencies or third parties in response to a request for information relating to a criminal investigation, alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you or any other GROUPIN.PK user to legal liability. The personal information we disclose may include your User ID and User ID history, name, city, county, telephone number, email address, fraud complaints and bidding and listing history or anything else that we deem relevant;


