> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the grouphug.us privacy policy that was archived on 2009-07-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090708133811id_/http%3A//confessions.grouphug.us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GroupHug.us Privacy Policy/Agreement | Group Hug

GroupHug.us is a Massachusetts-based web site. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy concerns. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: GroupHug.us. By using this site, you do hereby warrant and represent that you have read, understand and agree to all terms and conditions stated herein. By using this site, you also represent and warrant that you have read, understand and agree to the terms and conditions stated in the User Agreement which is incorporated herein by reference.  
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. Our site uses cookies to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies for other purposes as set forth below. Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers (such as a User Name and Password), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners and/or affiliates. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.  
Links and Information  
This site contains links to other sites. GroupHug.us is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and disclaims any liability for any damages that may result from the use of such sites. From time to time, Users have the opportunity to participate in special programs and will be able to opt in to programs that will transfer their information to other services. This will occur only with prior permission from the User. Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s unique identifiers and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. GroupHug.us expressly disclaims any liability that may arise from the provision of any User of any information whatsoever to this site. You, the User, do hereby agree to hold GroupHug.us harmless from any liability that may arise from the provision of any information to this site. By using this site, you also represent and warrant that you have read, understand and agree to the terms stated in the User Agreement which is incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to the User Agreement, you agree that all information provided to GroupHug.us shall become the property of GroupHug.us subject to any exclusions so stated herein. 

Public Forums  
This site may create chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. GroupHug.us expressly disclaims any liability that may arise from the provision of any User of any information whatsoever to these forums. You, the User, do hereby agree to hold GroupHug.us harmless from any liability that may arise from the provision of any information to these forums.  
Security  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. This includes a customer record manager and other technical systems. GroupHug.us is not responsible, however, for any loss or misuse of any information you may submit to this site. You do hereby agree to hold GroupHug.us harmless for any damages that may result from the use of this site. The submission of information to this site is done solely at the User’s own risk.  
Supplementation Information  
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.  
 Choice/Opt-Out

Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners. (please see further below). This site gives users the option to remove their information from our database, to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. Simply email us at hello@grouphug.us.  
Cookies, and GroupHug.us’s use thereof  
GroupHug.us collects anonymous information through cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data containing a unique identification number that is sent to your browser from a Web server, and is stored on your computer’s hard drive. The unique ID number identifies your browser to GroupHug.us’s computers whenever you visit. Cookies do not enable anyone to access personally identifiable information that you have not already given us. GroupHug.us primarily uses cookies to connect members with account information stored on GroupHug.us’s computers. This helps GroupHug.us deliver better and more personalized service. GroupHug.us also uses cookies to estimate GroupHug.us’s audience size for advertisers; to assist in processing items in you may choose to purchase; to track the number of entries in GroupHug.us promotions, sweepstakes and contests; to identify the areas of the site you visit; to hold session information; and to track user preferences.  
Cookies are part of the technology implemented by your browser. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to either notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse them all together.  
GroupHug.us relies on cookies to preserve the GroupHug.us identity you have created while logged on. If you choose to not accept cookies, you cannot participate as a registered, signed-in member. By using this site, you do hereby agree to be bound by the terms set forth in this Agreement.

You should be aware that GroupHug.us’s advertisers sometimes use ads to give you their own cookies. If you want to understand how and why an advertiser uses cookies, check the company’s site for their privacy statement. GroupHug.us is not responsible for any issues that may arise regarding the Privacy Policies of any of its affiliates. By using this site, you do hereby agree to hold GroupHug.us harmless from any claims and/or damages that may arise from the policies and/or practices (or lack thereof) of any of its affiliates and/or advertisers.  
GroupHug.us’s use of member information  
Two things drive GroupHug.us’s decisions regarding the use of information collected from GroupHug.us members: 1) improving user experience by offering personalized services and content, and 2) market research.  
GroupHug.us may analyze information provided directly by you, or obtained through cookies or third parties to direct services and content based on your interests. GroupHug.us reserves the right to collect market research data in order to generate sales to corporate clients. However, market research data may be used at the aggregate level to: 

Improve the likelihood of a sale to a group of GroupHug.us members  
Increase the likelihood that a group’s experience on GroupHug.us is relevant to its interests as a whole  
Formulate group-level statistical models that are used to accomplish goal #2 (above). 

GroupHug.us’s market research may be collected in some of the following ways: 

Through contests that are offered on the site; and,  
Through general use of the site. 

Information logged by GroupHug.us  
When you surf the Internet, your browser automatically transmits information to the sites you visit throughout every visit. Examples of such information include referral data (URL of the Web page you were on before coming to GroupHug.us), IP address and your browser version. We collect this information to help improve our services and moderate the site. All the information that is automatically submitted by your browser is considered anonymous.  
GroupHug.us also logs information you submit through registration, forms for optional programs, surveys and other entries, cookie data and communications transmitted through GroupHug.us applications. Only authorized GroupHug.us staff have access to your information in its entirety. Other employees may have access to bits and pieces of this information if it pertains to their job duties. 

What is GroupHug.us’s information retention policy?  
To preserve the integrity of our databases, standard procedure calls for us to retain information submitted by members for an indefinite length of time. GroupHug.us understands your submissions as consent to store all your information in one place for this indefinite length of time, if we so wish. If required by law, as is the case to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will nullify member information by erasing it from our database. We will also respond to written member requests to nullify account information. If you wish to make such a request, which requires that we verify your identity, or if you have any questions regarding this policy, contact GroupHug.us at hello@grouphug.us. Also, by using this site, you do hereby represent and warrant that you understand and agree that all information submitted by you to GroupHug.us becomes the property of GroupHug.us and may be used in the sole discretion of GroupHug.us in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement.  
GroupHug.us security of collected information  
Your GroupHug.us Profile is password-protected so that only you and authorized GroupHug.us employees have access to your account information. In order to maintain this protection, do not give your password to anyone. If someone who says they are GroupHug.us staff asks for any personal account information, including password, check their URL. If it doesn’t say they are hello@grouphug.us, they’re not. Also, if you share a computer, you should sign out of your GroupHug.us account and close the browser window before someone else logs on. This will protect your information on public terminals. 

GroupHug.us makes every effort to ensure that your information is secure on its system. Extremely sensitive information, like credit card numbers, is always transmitted in encrypted form. Only certain authorized GroupHug.us employees can access this information if it’s relevant to their job duties. GroupHug.us has staff dedicated to maintaining this Privacy Policy and other privacy initiatives, periodically reviewing Web security and making sure that every GroupHug.us employee is aware of our security practices. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, GroupHug.us cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. If you have any further questions on this issue, refer to the terms of the User Agreement. GroupHug.us expressly disclaims any liability that may arise should any other individuals obtain the information you submit to this site.  
With whom does GroupHug.us share information?  
When you submit information to GroupHug.us, it is generally collected, processed and maintained solely by us. Sometimes we may allow partner companies to collect information about members from us or directly from you (through their Web site). When GroupHug.us is the source, it is usually so that we can provide a service with a partner. We choose to work with upstanding companies that will treat your information responsibly. But, since we don’t own these companies, we can’t speak for them on privacy issues. Before telling them about yourself, check out their privacy statements. If you are not satisfied with their information practices, you can choose to not use their service.  
Below is a summary of some of the situations in which GroupHug.us might share information:  
Co-Branding  
Some of our services, , are offered in conjunction with partner companies. In order to provide these services, GroupHug.us may choose to share some of you user data (e.g., including, but not limited to, user name and email address). 

Content Partners  
Some GroupHug.us content is “sponsored by” or “presented by” other companies. GroupHug.us typically shares market research data (how the sponsorship performed, names of contest winners, etc.) collected on the site or via email surveys with these partners. This information is typically aggregate and not linked to specific users.  
Partner Sponsorships  
Partners may sponsor promotions, contests and sweepstakes that require you to reveal details such as your name, address or phone number. Always check their privacy policy before revealing information about yourself. If you don’t want these sponsors to have your personal information, you can choose to not participate.  
When visitors come to GroupHug.us, they may receive cookies from GroupHug.us’s sponsors; this information is typically not shared with GroupHug.us. This privacy statement does not address the information practices of our advertisers. You should read the privacy statements of all third-party sites, as their privacy policies may differ from GroupHug.us’s. 

Finally, GroupHug.us reserves the right to disclose user information from both private and public areas of the site at our discretion to anyone or no one at all, if required by law or if given reason to believe, in our sole discretion, that someone is causing injury to or interference with the rights of GroupHug.us members or the general public, or with GroupHug.us’s rights of property. Please be advised, however, that all information submitted by you to GroupHug.us becomes the property of GroupHug.us. By submitting this information, you do hereby agree to allow GroupHug.us to use such information at its sole discretion pursuant to the terms of the User Agreement.  
Specifically, we may also share certain information about you with those of our vendors who are responsible for handling your account or performing other necessary services that you require. Although we may share sensitive financial information (i.e., credit card numbers, banking information), security information (e.g., account passwords) and personal communications (e.g., personal e-mail messages or message board postings) with such vendors where necessary and appropriate, we will not share such information with other third parties, except in response to formal requests (e.g., subpoena or court order) made in connection with litigation or arbitration proceedings directly relating to the services we provide.  
Additionally, we may share the information stored on that database, as well as other information that is not of a sensitive nature, with carefully selected business partners, including those who offer services that complement those provided by us or which may otherwise be of interest to you. If you do not want us to share information about you with our business partners, you may send us an e-mail at hello@grouphug.us. Include the word "privacy" in the subject line of the e-mail and all your registration information in the body of the e-mail. Finally, GroupHug.us reserves the right to transfer, sell and/or distribute all information collected on its sight for any purpose, including, but not limited to, for satisfaction of any debt or upon liquidation of the company should such a situation arise.  
GroupHug.us’s opt-in/out policy 

During registration you agree to receive correspondence from either GroupHug.us or its partners. This information remains on your Profile where you can, at any point, easily edit it to indicate that you have changed your mind. Simply email us at hello@grouphug.us. If you purchase anything through GroupHug.us, we may occasionally contact you with information about special events, sales, and activities. You always have the option to ask GroupHug.us not to contact you with this information again. As for promotions, contests, submission opportunities and programs, you will not be included unless you opt-in.  
If you receive unsolicited email from a GroupHug.us domain, please contact us at hello@grouphug.us.  
How can GroupHug.us members edit their information?  
GroupHug.us believes strongly in giving you the ability to access and edit your personal information. To update your personal info, go to your Profile by clicking on the Profile button on the left-hand navigation bar. There you can view, update and correct your account information. You may edit your Profile at any time — all you need is your member name and password.  
So that we can protect the integrity of sensitive data, there are certain pieces of information, such as your age, that you cannot alter yourself. For example, since children under 18 are not allowed to register as GroupHug.us members, we need to take reasonable measures to preserve the accuracy of our members’ ages. Go to GroupHug.us’s forum section to find out how to change information you cannot access through your Profile.

Our databases automatically update any personal information you edit in your Profile, or that you request we edit. Information transmitted through boards, chats, polls or through any other means remain in our databases and become the property of GroupHug.us upon submission. Keep this in mind if you decide to communicate personal information through any of these applications.  
GroupHug.us and the protection of children’s privacy  
GroupHug.us is intended for people 18 or over. Our registration process is intentionally designed to identify children under 18 years of age. We have also made an effort to specifically limit GroupHug.us’s appeal to people of age 18 and older. GroupHug.us will not knowingly collect any information from children under 18.  
If it comes to our attention that a member has revealed, on GroupHug.us, that they are under 18, a member of GroupHug.us’s staff will immediately close their account.  
Note to parents:  
If your child is under 18 and has become a GroupHug.us member using a false age, please notify us at hello@grouphug.us so that we will immediately close the account and nullify all personally identifiable information collected from them. If your child is under the age of 18 and you would like to know more about our site, information practices, stored information on your child, or how to close your child’s account, contact GroupHug.us’s staff at hello@grouphug.us. In both instances, you will need to provide your full name, address, phone number, e-mail address and child’s user name. 

Notification of Changes:  
GroupHug.us’s security and privacy policy are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. This policy might change as GroupHug.us updates and expands its services. GroupHug.us will contact you via email and post notification if there are any material changes in its privacy practices. GroupHug.us also encourages you to also check the privacy policy out periodically. By using the site, you do hereby represent and warrant that you have read, understand and agree to all terms of this Privacy Policy and User Agreement. Each time you use the site, you agree to all terms set forth by GroupHug.us in both its Privacy Policy and User Agreement and any other policies published by GroupHug.us on the site. If you do not understand any of the terms or conditions of any of GroupHug.us’s policies, you may inquire regarding the same via electronic correspondence (e-mail) at hello@grouphug.us.  
How can I reach GroupHug.us staff?

If you have technical problems, questions or other issues related to your use of GroupHug.us, please check out the “About” Section of the site where you can contact us at hello@grouphug.us.  
GroupHug.us’s staff will respond to all requests sent through mail or email from members and parents interested in knowing more about what personal information is stored on the GroupHug.us database, or if they want their personal information nullified, or have additional questions regarding privacy.  
Contacting the Web Site  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you may contact us at the following address:  
 hello@grouphug.us

We value you as a member and appreciate your input. Please email us if you have any questions regarding any of the terms of this Agreement.  
Sincerely yours,  
GroupHug.us Staff
