> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the grovo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130610182441id_/http%3A//www.grovo.com/legal/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Grovo | Privacy Policy

Last Updated: November 1st, 2010

Grovo Learning, Inc. ("Grovo" or "we") provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.grovo.com (this "Site"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.

As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, to administer your subscription (together, the "Service") and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site.

_Personally Identifiable Information_

  * When you register with us through the Site to become a Grovo subscriber ("Subscriber"), we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration (e.g., without limitation, birthday, zip code (on its own), country (on its own) and individual preferences) ("Non-Identifying Information").
  * We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service, complete your transactions, and administer your inquiries.
  * Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Grovo Subscribers (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
  * We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Grovo newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. (See "Changing or Deleting Information," below.)



_Log Data_. When you visit the Site, whether as a Grovo Subscriber or a non-registered visitor just browsing (any of these, a "Grovo User"), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests.

Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your username and password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Grovo Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.

Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to Grovo. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, username, password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission's website.

_Grovo Subscribers_. When you register with us and submit your Personal Information to create an account or post comments or other communications via the Service, other Grovo Users may see your "Screen Name" and the other information you choose to submit to the Service subject to the user preferences you have set in your account. Providing this information is voluntary and your disclosures should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other Grovo Users. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and that you not use your real name as your Screen Name, since that would allow others to identify you.

_Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information_. We may share aggregated information that includes your Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services.

_Service Providers_. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

_Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement_. Grovo cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Grovo or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

_Business Transfers_. Grovo may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

All Subscribers may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided to Grovo by contacting us or by accessing the "Settings" menu on the Site. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at contact@grovo.com with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

Grovo is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Grovo transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

This Site is not directed to individuals under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact@grovo.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@grovo.com or 212.924.2579.

Grovo Learning, Inc.  
29 E 19th St, 7th Floor  
New York, NY 10003
