> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the growitgirl.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190127153949id_/https%3A//www.justtiki.com/pr-friendly/disclosure-policies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure & Privacy Policy - Just Tiki

**Disclaimer:**

This policy is valid from 27 November 2013

Just Tiki is blog written and edited by me, Tiki. For questions about this blog, please contact  info(at)justtiki.com.

Most of the products reviewed on this site were purchased by me or given to me by friends or family members for personal use. Unless noted above the article, items featured in posts were purchased by me.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or product samples. Posts containing affiliate links or product samples will be labeled accordingly. Affiliate links mean, if you click on the link and purchase the item, I will receive a small affiliate commission that I use to keep Just Tiki going.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made by me. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

Maintaining the integrity of this blog is extremely important. I am not compensated to provide opinions on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own. If I claim or appear to be an expert on a certain topic or product or service area, I will only endorse products or services that I believe, based on my expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Items endorsed are those that have been personally used by me for a reasonable amount of time. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.

For additional information on Product Review and Giveaway Policies, please visit the PR Friendly page.

**Site Conduct:**

This is a place where all are welcome discriminatory or inflammatory behavior of any sort will not be tolerated. I reserve the right to delete comments and block users who engage in unacceptable behavior deemed by social and moral norms and legal statues.

**Copyright:**

No part of this website or any of its contents may be reproduced, copied, modified or adapted, without the prior written consent of the author. Information published on this site is monitored regularly. Content thieves will be found and pursue using all allowable legal remedies.  
[](http://www.dmca.com/Protection/Status.aspx?ID=fa0c8c41-c14c-45c9-b8a3-95bb282deded "Content Protection by DMCA.com")

## Privacy Policy

All information collected by this site for giveaways, email updates, or newsletters is kept confidential and not sold to third parties. Giveaway winner’s information will only be provided by the vendors sponsoring the giveaway for prize shipment.

## WHO WE ARE

Our website address is: https://justtiki.com.

## WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT

### COMMENTS

When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

### MEDIA

If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.

### CONTACT FORMS

If you use the contact form on this website, please note that we keep contact form submissions for up to 24 months for customer service purposes. However, we DO NOT use the information for any marketing purposes at all.

### COOKIES

If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.

### EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES

Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

### ANALYTICS

We use Google Analytics for analytically tracking purposes. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.

### WE HAVE IMPLEMENTED CURRENTLY THE FOLLOWING:

**•**  Demographics and Interests Reporting

We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.

*** **  OPTING OUT *****

Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.

## WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH

We do NOT share your data with anyone.  We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information. Any and all information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

  * To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
  * To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.



**THIRD PARTY LINKS**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

## HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

## WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR INFORMATION

If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

## WHERE WE SEND YOUR DATA

Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.

## // CONTACT INFORMATION //

Should you need to contact us. You can reach us anytime by email at **[[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)**

## HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA

  * Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
  * We use regular Malware Scanning.
  * Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
  * In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
  * We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
  * Any and all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.



## WHAT DATA BREACH PROCEDURES DO WE HAVE IN PLACE?

**FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES**

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

**In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:**

We will notify you via email

**•**  Within 7 business days

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

## // CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT //

CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: <http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf>

**ACCORDING TO CALOPPA, WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:**

  * Users can visit our site anonymously.
  * Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
  * Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
  * You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes: 
    * On our Privacy Policy Page
  * Can change your personal information: 
    * By emailing us



**HOW DOES OUR SITE HANDLE DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS?  **

We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.

**DOES OUR SITE ALLOW THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING?**

It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking

##  // COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) //

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.

## // CAN SPAM Act //

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

**WE COLLECT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN ORDER TO:  **

**•**  Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions

**•**  Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

**TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH CANSPAM, WE AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:  **

**•**  Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.

**•**  Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.

**•**  Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.

**•**  Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.

**•**  Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.

**•**  Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

**  
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at**

and we will promptly remove you from  **ALL**  correspondence.

### // CONTACTING US //

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

WEBSITE: https://justtiki.com
