> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aecom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150204110735id_/http%3A//www.aecom.com/Privacy%2BPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - AECOM - A global provider of architecture, design, engineering, and construction services

AECOM and its family of companies ("AECOM") is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. When you provide personal information to us, we protect the privacy and confidentiality of that information. AECOM’s goal is to collect and use only that information that we consider is necessary for our legitimate business interests.

When you browse through this website, you do so anonymously. However, AECOM does collect limited personal information about you in some circumstances.

One way you might provide us with personal information is by sending us email, whether through your own email software or using a "Contact Us" form on the site. If you send us email, your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. This includes text characters and any audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your electronic mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this site, or to forward your message to the appropriate AECOM unit for a response. We may also share your personal information with AECOM’s subsidiaries or affiliates to enable us to do so. For this purpose, the information you provide may be transferred outside your country to another country that does not have similar data protection legislation and may provide a lower level of protection for your information. By submitting any information you consent to these transfers. AECOM may also share your personal information with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies – our vendors – are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. Your email address will not be used for commercial purposes, and AECOM will not sell or otherwise distribute your email address to any third party. Any personal information you choose to provide to AECOM will be retained by AECOM in accordance with our standard corporate policies. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).

Our servers automatically log information about visits to this website in the normal course of establishing and maintaining web connections. The server logs record statistical information, such as visitors’ IP addresses, the time and duration of visit, and what web pages you visited immediately before and after visiting AECOM. We collect this information so that we may continuously improve our website content. These statistics are reported in aggregate form only. We do not link server log information to any other data in a way that would enable us to identify individual visitors.

This website makes use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of information transferred to the browsing computer and stored for record-keeping purposes. Knowing how a site visitor is using the site through cookies enables us to tailor our content and services to more effectively meet visitors’ needs. It also enables us to improve the quality of your visit by making sure that the website is properly formatted for your computer and web browser.

AECOM uses industry standard security measures to protect the information under our control, including firewalls and other security measures. Although the inherent dangers of the Internet means we cannot guarantee the protection of your information against loss, misuse, or alteration, AECOM works hard to protect all of your personal information. Security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this website as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.

AECOM is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through this website against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. That is why AECOM limits employee access to personal information collected through this website to those employees who need access to the information to perform their official duties, and those employees follow appropriate procedures to protect against any improper disclosure of that information.

This site is a general audience website and is intended to be used by adults and teenagers interested in AECOM. It is not intended for children, and AECOM does not want to collect any personal information for users who are under the age of 13. AECOM does not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through the site. However, any personal information submitted by email will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult.

The development of AECOM’s policies and procedures for the protection of personal information is an ongoing process. Due to changes in technology and legal requirements we may revise this Website Privacy Statement from time to time. We suggest that you bookmark this page so that you may check periodically to see if any changes have been made.

This website may contain links to third party sites. Unless you are providing employment information to AECOM’s third party provider, AECOM is not responsible for the collection of personal information or the security or privacy of such information on third party sites.

We are also not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our social media pages, any mobile sites, applications, widgets, and other mobile interactive features.

If you have any questions about this statement or our handling of personal information please contact us by e-mail at [privacy@AECOM.com](mailto:privacy@AECOM.com).
