> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fifasoccerblog.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214071903id_/http%3A//kitanamedia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Kitana Media NetworkKitana Media Network

This privacy policy covers all of the Kitana Media Network sites (“KMN Sites”). Please read this statement carefully before using or proceeding to access KMN Sites. Your use of KMN Sites indicates you have read and understood this privacy policy and indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms of Use in effect.

  1. Information Collection – Kitana Media Network is the sole owner of the information collected on the KMN Sites. Kitana Media Network may collect information from our users at several different points on the KMN Sites.

    1. Comments – In order to enhance their use of the KMN Sites, users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest. Commenters may register anonymously. However, if a third party complains that a comment breaches our Terms of Use (e.g. libels them), then in accordance with our Terms of Use, we will make reasonable efforts to contact the commenter and alert them to the situation. If we are required to by law to disclose commenters’ contact information, we will attempt to contact commenters to give them the opportunity to respond to such requests. Please refer to our Terms of Use for more information. 
    2. Mailing Lists & Service Emails – Kitana Media Network may launch a mailing list for some or all of the KMN Sites, in order to provide subscribers with relevant information – breaking news, or weekly or daily round-ups, for example. In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site’s mailing list, users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests. This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site. Kitana may from time to time track user email usage in a continued effort to improve our services. Most of the time, these will be content from the site in question, but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor. This will be infrequent, and does not represent an endorsement by Kitana Media Network of any products advertised therein. It will clearly be marked as advertising. Since editorial independence is critical to us, you can be sure that we will never send out a sponsored email in the guise of a glowing product review. If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, please do not sign up for the mailing list. 
    3. Comment Service and Cookies – In order to further enhance the user experience, Kitana Media Network runs a comment service on some or all of the KMN Sites where users can discuss common topics of interest. Users have the option of signing up for this service, and to do so must submit information including a valid email address. Kitana Media Network uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Use and to pick out topics of interest to commenters. Kitana Media Network will not pass this information to any other organization except in aggregate form. The Comment Service may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user’s Internet browser help file directions. By setting a cookie on a KMN Site, users will not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the site’s comment service. We store a cookie on each user’s machine that contains a username and encrypted password. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use Kitana Media Network products or services that require you to “sign in” and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. However, not all Kitana Media Network services require that you accept cookies. 
    4. Links – The KMN Sites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Kitana Media Network is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Kitana Media Network. 
    5. Log Files – Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyse user movement. 
  2. Advertising

    1. First Party Ad Serving – The ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by Intergi Entertainment, our web advertising vendor. Kitana Media Network uses only first party data about your visits to this site to serve ads to you. First party data only includes information collected during your current search or visit to our websites. First party data that we collect is not shared with any other third parties and is only used for proprietary ad delivery, ad reporting, and contextual advertising. As such, Kitana Media Network is not a participant in online behavioural advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC. 
    2. Third Party Advertising and Cookies – Some of our third party advertising partners may distribute cookies to users in advertisements that are provided to us. Kitana Media Network has no access to or control over these cookies once we have received the advertisements from third parties. These advertisers may be engaging in online behavioural advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC. 
  3. Business Transitions – In the event Kitana Media Network goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.

  4. Legal Disclaimer – Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, Kitana Media Network may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on any of the KMN Sites.

  5. Information Security – Kitana has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of user information we maintain. Under our security practices and policies, access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access, and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal. Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store, no program is one hundred percent secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal information.

If you become aware of a security issue, please email us at admin [at] kitanamedia [dot] com. We will work with you to address any problems.

  6. Notification of Changes – Whenever Kitana Media Network changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

  7. Contact Information – If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact the editor of the KMN site in question, or send an email to admin [at] kitanamedia [dot] com.

  8. Effective Date – This Privacy Policy is effective February 13, 2011.



