> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jiffyondemand.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190914153337id_/https%3A//jiffyondemand.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jiffy - Easy Home Maintenance

This privacy policy (this **"Policy** ") describes the practices of Jiffy Inc. and its corporate affiliates ( **"we** ", **"us** ", **"our** ") with respect to our collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information provided to us from users of (a) the website operated at www.jiffyondemand.com and such other locations as made available from time to time (the **"Website** "), (b) any **"app** " or other front-end software provided by us (for greater certainty, excluding third party software that may interact with the Website or the Service, as defined below) that interacts or interfaces with the Website (the **"Software** "), and (c) the services we provide through the Website and/or the Software (collectively, the **"Service** "). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy is incorporated by reference to the general Terms of Service for Jiffy located at http://jiffyondemand.com/terms_and_conditions, and forms an integral part of it. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning provided in the general Terms of Service for Jiffy. 

  1. **Introduction and General Concepts**   
We respect and uphold individual rights to privacy and the protection of personal information. We know how important it is to protect your personal information and want to make every customer experience safe and secure. In keeping with that goal, we have developed this Policy to explain our practices for the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. We have appointed a Privacy Officer who is responsible for our compliance with this Policy. Information on how to contact the Privacy Officer can be found below. 
    1. __Personal Information_ _   
For the purposes of this Policy, **"personal information** " means information about an identifiable individual, including, for example, an individual's name, home address, telephone number, social insurance number, sex, income and family status. Personal information does not include information that would enable an individual to be contacted at a place of business, for example an employee's name, position or title, business telephone number, or business address. We will only collect, use or disclose personal information in accordance with this Policy, or in accordance with laws applicable to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by us ( **"Applicable Privacy Laws** "). 
    2. __Non-Personal Information_ _   
On the other hand, **"non-personal information** " is any type of information other than personal information, and is excluded from this Policy. For example, non-personal information would include business information, or information that enables an individual to be contacted at a place of business, for example an employee's name, position or title, business telephone number, or business address. Non-personal information also includes information that is anonymous or not about an identifiable information, such as web browsing information (such as the domain used to access the Website, or the type and version of device, browser or operating system being used to access the Service), or aggregate information that anonymizes the underlying data (like the number of visitors, what pages users visit, average time spent on the Website or on various parts of the Service). We will collect, use or disclose non-personal information in accordance with our ordinary business practices, but always in accordance with any applicable laws. This Policy, however, only covers our collection, use and disclosure of personal information. 
    3. __Information about Minors_ _   
This site is not intended for minors and no person under the age of majority may register for a User Account. We do not knowingly collect personal information about any person under the age of majority (usually the age of 18 or 19, but it varies in different jurisdictions) including any person under the age of 13, and no such person, nor any parent or guardian as it relates to such person, should submit their personal information to us for any reason. Please do not submit personal information about minors to us, whether through the Website, the Service or otherwise. 
    4. __Privacy Officer_ _   
We have appointed a Privacy Officer who is responsible for our compliance with this Policy. Information on how to contact the Privacy Officer can be found below. 
  2. **Collection and Use of Personal Information**   
As indicated above, we collect two types of information through our Service: personal information and non-personal information. The types of information we collect about you will depend on the nature of your interaction with us or the Service. 
    1. __Information we collect from you_ _   
We may collect the following personal information from you: 
      * contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
      * billing information such as credit card number, and billing address;
      * unique identifiers such as user name, account number, password;
      * professional information including licences, qualifications, training, certificates, insurance, and tax related information;
      * user content generated by you, such as audio, video, text and images as provided by you on the Website, which may contain personal information as provided by you;
      * preferences information such as Request history and marketing preferences; and
      * any information that you voluntarily enter, including personal information, into any postings, comments, reviews, or forums with Jiffy.
    2. __Information we automatically collect_ _   
We also automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, as well as which aspects of our performance metric indicators available with our technology or our licensees' products you prefer using. Some of this may be personal information, but in typical cases it is non-personal information. Specific examples follow: 
      * IP, etc.—When using our Website, we may collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access our Website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website, the operating system you are using, the sections of our Website you visit, the Website pages read and images viewed, and the content you download from the Website. This information is used for Website and system administration purposes, and to improve the Website.
      * Cookies—We use **"cookies** ", a technology that installs a small amount of information on a user's computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website, to offer personalized content and information for your use, to track your activity at the Website, to respond to your needs, and to otherwise facilitate your Website experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website or engage in transactions through the Website.
      * Geo-Location Information—When you use the Service through a mobile device, we may track or collect your geo-location information on a real time basis only. We may also use this real-time geo-location information to address support, technical, or business issues that may arise in the course of your use of the Service. If you do not consent to the tracking of your geo-location, you may still be able to use some features of the Service, but it is intended to be used with geo-location information. For example, Home Service Professionals will enter their start location and throughout their trip to the Premises. You may at any time withdraw your consent as permitted through the Service, or , provided you are not a Home Service Professional, you can turn the geo-location tracking off at the device level as permitted by the manufacturer of your device. In our experience, your mobile device informs you when geo-location is tracked by displaying the GPS arrow icon.
  3. **Use of Personal Information**   
We may use your personal information, in combination with your non-personal information, for a variety of business purposes, for example to: 
    * fulfill your Request;
    * send you a Request confirmation, if applicable;
    * send you requested Home Service or Job information;
    * send new product or service information;
    * respond to customer service requests;
    * administer your User Account;
    * send you a newsletter;
    * carry out contests or promotions;
    * send you marketing communications;
    * respond to your questions and concerns;
    * improve our Services and marketing efforts;
    * conduct research and analysis;
    * to enforce our Terms of Service;
    * display content based upon your interests;
    * for distribution to our Payment Processor for the provision of payment services;
    * facilitate your transactions with other Users or Home Service Professionals, as applicable; and
    * for other purposes as described in this Policy.
  4. **Your Consent**   
We will collect, use, or disclose your personal information only with your knowledge and consent, except where required or permitted by Applicable Privacy Laws. When you choose to provide us with your personal information you consent to the use of your personal information as identified in this Policy and as may be further identified at the time of collection. 
    1. __Express Consent_ _   
Sometimes you will be asked to give your express consent to our collection, use or disclosure of personal information – for example, by being asked to check a box to indicate your consent to receive marketing communications in compliance with Canada's anti-spam laws. 
    2. __Implied Consent_ _   
Other times, you may provide your implied consent to our collection, use or disclosure of personal information when we can reasonably conclude that you have given consent by some action you have taken or an action you have decided not to take. Generally, this occurs where the purpose for the use of your personal information would be reasonably apparent to you – for example, when you provide us with your address through your Request forms while placing a Request, you provide us with implied consent to use that address in order to fulfill your order. 
    3. __Withdrawing Your Consent_ _   
You may notify us at any time that you wish to withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure or your personal information. We will accommodate your request subject to legal and contractual restrictions. The most common way of indicating this withdrawal of consent is (i) by changing your privacy preferences to the extent such functionality is made available through the Service, or (ii) deleting your account with the Service and stopping use of the Service. In other situations, you may be able to opt out of the use of your personal information. For example, if you have "opted in" or subscribed to one of our mailing lists, we will always provide you the opportunity to "opt out" or unsubscribe. For example, if you receive emails from us, we will provide a link in the email which you can use to unsubscribe from that mailing list, or you may contact us at [info@jiffyondemand.com](mailto:info@jiffyondemand.com). You may also choose not to provide us with your personal information. However, if you make this choice we may not be able to provide you with the Service, or information that you have requested. For example, we require your email address in order to verify your User Account, which is necessary so that notifications may be sent to you electronically. 
  5. **Information Obtained from Third Parties**   
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us and in accordance with this Policy and such policy under which that information was collected. 
  6. **Disclosure and Sharing of Your Information**   
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Policy. We will not sell your personal information to third parties, however the use of our Service necessarily requires some sharing or disclosure of your personal information. Some of these activities may result in personal information collected by us being stored or processed in the United States or elsewhere outside of Canada and, as a result, your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement and regulatory authorities in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and other applicable laws of the United States or elsewhere. 
    1. __Third Party Processors_ _   
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with the Service such as web hosting providers, payment processors, product shipping providers, fulfilment agencies, or customer service agencies ( **"Third Party Processors** "). These Third Party Processors are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us, and in a manner consistent with this Policy. We have selected Third Party Processors who will only use your information in compliance with this Policy, but they may have their own specific policies regarding the collection, use and personal information. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify such Third Party Processors when we are collecting your personal information, as well as providing links to the relevant privacy policies that may apply. Here are some examples of the Third Party Processors we use as part of the Service: 
      * Our Service is physically hosted by DigitalOcean Inc., a reputable hosting platform with industry standard security and practices.
      * We do not directly process payments through our Service. We use Stripe and their privacy terms are available here: https://stripe.com/ca/privacy. We only ourselves collect and store limited parts of that information to provide a record of your transaction and to prevent fraud (such as a part of a credit card number, or a part of your billing address).
      * When you enter into a Request for a Job through the Service, we forward certain aspects of the information you provide to the relevant Home Service Professional and Stripe to enable them to assist in performing parts of the Service. We have entered into arrangements with these parties to ensure that they respect privacy in a manner consistent with this Policy.
      * We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Service. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used. We may also use unique codes, web beacons or single-pixel gif tags to compile tracking information reports regarding Service user demographics, Service traffic patterns, and other aggregated Website or Service statistics, both on the Website and in our electronic communications in order to determine which materials and links have been used by recipients. We may then provide these reports to advertisers and others. For example, we may use Mixpanel services to track user activity on our site, and that information is transferred to and stored by Mixpanel and is subject to their privacy policy (https://mixpanel.com/privacy). You may choose to opt out of the Mixpanel cookie at any time at https://mixpanel.com/optout/.
      * We make your contact information available to Users or Home Service Professionals, as applicable, that you transact with on this site to help complete the transaction, in accordance with your selected preferences.
  7. __Further Disclosures_ _   
We may also disclose your personal information (i) as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, (ii) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, or (iii) to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. 
  8. __Third Party Links_ _   
Our Service may contain links to other websites or Internet resources which are provided solely for your convenience and information. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website or Internet resource. We have no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other websites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other websites to learn how they collect and use your personal information. 
  9. __Public Forums_ _   
We may from time to time provide publicly accessible blogs or community forums through the Service. We will use your personal data as provided through those services to administrate and provide you with these public services, and you will have primary control over what information you make publicly available. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. 
  10. **Security of Personal Information**
    1. __General Security Practices_ _   
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We employ physical, administrative, contractual and technological safeguards to protect personal information, and insist that our service providers do the same. We insist that our personnel, and those of our providers, only access and use personal information in order to properly perform those duties, and even then only to the strict extent necessary to perform them. 
    2. __Online Security_ _   
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). SSL encrypts information entered on our site before it is sent over the Internet, and we use SSL in an industry-recognized standard manner to encrypt our Internet transmissions to and from you. In addition, to the extent we do store your personal information, we store it in encrypted form. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, and so you should always exercise caution when disclosing sensitive information over the Internet. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at [info@jiffyondemand.com](mailto:info@jiffyondemand.com). 
  11. **Requests for Access to and Correction of Personal Information**   
Applicable Privacy Laws allow, to varying degrees, individuals the right to access and/or request the correction of errors or omissions in his or her personal information that is in our custody or under our control. Our Privacy Officer will assist you with such an access request. This includes: 
    * identification of personal information under our custody or control;
    * information about how personal information under our control may be or has been used by us; and
    * the names of any individuals and organizations to which the individual's personal information has been disclosed.
We will respond to requests within the time allowed by Applicable Privacy Laws and will make every effort to respond as accurately and completely as possible. Any corrections made to personal information will be promptly sent to any organization it was disclosed to. In certain exceptional circumstances, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information it holds about an individual. If access cannot be provided, we will notify the individual making the request within 30 days, in writing, of the reasons for the refusal. 
  12. **Removal of Your Information**   
We keep your information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and to meet any legal requirements. Personal information used to make a decision that directly affects an individual will be kept for at least one year after such a decision. We have retention standards that meet these parameters. We destroy your information when it is no longer needed or required to be kept, or we remove your personally identifiable information to render it anonymous. 
  13. **Updates or Changes to Privacy Policy**   
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will either (a) notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account), or (b) provide a notice on the Website or otherwise through the Service prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Any change to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the date so indicated, and will apply to information collected from the date of the posting of the revised privacy policy and to existing information held by us. The date on which the latest update was made is indicated at the bottom of this document. We recommend that you print a copy of this privacy policy for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Service signifies your acceptance of any changes to this Policy. 
  14. **Contact Information**   
You can direct any questions or concerns regarding our compliance with this Policy to our Privacy Officer by writing or emailing at: 

Privacy Officer   
Jiffy Inc.   
90 Tycos Drive, Suite 4   
Toronto, Ontario   
M6B 1V9, Canada   
Email: [info@jiffyondemand.com](mailto:info@jiffyondemand.com)

If you are not satisfied with our Privacy Officer's response to their question or concern you may be able to make a complaint under Applicable Privacy Laws. Our Privacy Officer can provide you with the contact information to make such a complaint. 




_End of Privacy Policy (Last Updated: April 4, 2019)_   

