> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the investors.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190429013238id_/https%3A//www.investors.com/investors-business-daily-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Investor's Business Daily Privacy Policy

**Last Updated May 24,  2018**

**_ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY_**

Investor's Business Daily, Inc. and its corporate affiliates (" **IBD** ", " **we** ", or " **us** ") are committed to respecting and protecting your personal privacy. This Privacy Policy, including any future modifications (this " **Privacy Policy** ") applies to all personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific natural person, such as a person's full name or email address) we may collect through your use of Investors.com (the " **Site** ") and any other sites, applications (or "apps"), software, features, events, surveys or studies, or content offered by us from time to time that link or otherwise refer to this Privacy Policy (collectively, including the Site, the " **Services** "), whether as a guest or a registered user.   This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to all information that we have collected from you, or will collect from you in the future.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Services.  **By accessing and/or using the Services, you expressly consent and agree to be bound and abide by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use available at**[ **https://www.investors.com/home/investors-business-daily-inc-terms-of-use/**](https://www.investors.com/home/investors-business-daily-inc-terms-of-use/) **(the "Terms of Use") incorporated herein by reference and to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations (collectively, "Applicable Laws").**  If you do not want to agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, you must not access or use the Services.

**_WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DOES IBD COLLECT FROM YOU?_**

**INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US**

When you access, register, or subscribe to the Services, purchase a product, enter a sweepstakes or promotion, communicate with our support personnel (e.g., a request through customer service), call us, upload information, submit a request online, attend an event (in-person or otherwise), or otherwise communicate with us, directly with us or through a third party, we may collect and store any personal information you provide.  This information may include, without limitation, your name, phone number, physical address, state/country information, email address, search terms, dates and times of access, device identifiers, login credentials (e.g., username and password), uploads/posts/other user-generated content, user experience, and/or payment information. This information could also include any information you give us in relation to your Investing Profile (accessible at [http://myibd.investors.com](http://myibd.investors.com/)).   By providing this information, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed, and stored by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES**

We may obtain further personal information about you from the Internet, offline sources, or other public or commercial sources including, but not limited to, from the information you have provided to social media services (e.g., your name, username, gender, birthday, profile picture, avatar, "likes", etc.). When you access the Services through a third party service (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, etc.), you connect the Services to a third party service, or share our content via a third party service, you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  IBD is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties; when you provide information about yourself on such services, it may be publicly viewable by other users of such services and we cannot prevent further access by others. If you do not wish to have this information shared, please do not associate such third party services with the Services. If you wish to know how social media services or other third party service providers handle your information, please review their respective terms of use, cookie policies, and privacy policies; such services may permit you to modify your privacy settings.

In order for us to enhance our ability to tailor the Services to an individual's preference, we combine information about the purchasing habits of users with similar information from our affiliates, to create a personalized user profile. When a user makes a purchase from either IBD or its affiliates, the companies collect and share that purchase information so we can tailor the Services to our users' preferences.  We may also receive additional information from certain third parties (e.g., researchers, analysts, and/or marketers) that provide us with statistical, demographic, or other similar information. Further, we may also combine your online information with information we obtain from offline sources, including, without limitation, information that you may provide us with over the phone and information obtained from our business partners.

**INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES**

The Services use cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the Services, including without limitation, your browser type and version, IP address, operating system and platform, when you open email that we send you, and other similar information.  This information helps us to provide the Services, including, without limitation, to improve and enhance the user experience and help us understand the behavior of our users. Cookies are messages placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or page. For example, the messages store information so that our Services may immediately recognize you each time you visit. This permits us to personalize our Services for each user, allow access to the secure parts of our Services that individual users have registered for, and provide users with up-to-date information about their own account.

We may also use cookies to deliver ads, store visitor preferences, record session information, such as items that visitors add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, track and record past activity at the Site (or on other Services) in order to provide better service when visitors return to our Site (or other Services), customize web page content based on visitors' browser type, or other information that the visitor sends.  Additionally, cookies are used to serve ads to logged-in users based on the voluntary information they provide in their Investing Profile.  To remove or update information from your Investing Profile, please do so here: [http://myibd.investors.com](http://myibd.investors.com/). If you choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections and functionalities of our Services will not work properly or at all.

Web beacons, also called web bugs and clear GIFs are used in combination with cookies to help us understand the behavior of our users. A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image that is placed on our site or in an email. The use of a web beacon allows IBD to record the simple actions of the user opening the page that contains the beacon. When a user's browser requests information from a website in this way, certain simple information can also be gathered, such as: the IP address of your computer; time the material was viewed; the type of browser that retrieved the image; and the existence of cookies previously set by that server. Web beacons provide a convenient way of gathering statistics and managing cookies.

IBD and other third parties may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.  If you want to adjust your settings for or delete all local storage mechanisms, go to your browser's settings to do so.  If information is stored in local storage in addition to a cookie, you will need to remove both the local storage and the cookie in order to fully delete the information.  We may also use local shared objects, sometimes known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our Services to personalize your visit. Advertisers and other third party services also may use Flash cookies to collect and/or store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage flash cookies please visit the following website for more details: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html>.

IBD and other third parties may collect certain device information from you when you use the Services and apps from a mobile device such as the type of device you use, unique device ID, geo-location (including your precise location), wireless mobile subscriber ISDN number, IP address, operating system, browser type, and information about your use of the Services and apps. IBD may also participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our Services across your various devices. You can learn more about cross-device tracking and manage your privacy settings at: [https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com](https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com/). You may manage the information transmitted from your device from your device's settings, including opting-out of cross-device tracking. However, if you prevent tracking on your device, it will be more difficult, and may be impossible, for you to use the Services or portions of the Services. We may merge the data we collect from your activity on the Services with data available from third parties, including, without limitation, advertisers.  We have implemented Google Analytics including, the following features: Google Analytics (Standard), Google Tag Manager. You can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on available at: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/> to disable tracking by Google Analytics. We also use Adobe Analytics, a third party analytics company, to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users to help us improve our Services.  For information about Adobe Analytics information collection practices and related opt-out choices go to: <http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html>.

IBD follows the industry's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (" **OBA** ") located [here](http://www.aboutads.info/principles). We may use third party ad serving companies, including but not limited to: Doubleclick for Publishers (" **DFP** ") and Dianomi, to serve certain advertisements to you when you access or visit the Services.  Third party ad serving companies and third party vendors may use information related to your visit on the Services and across other third party web sites and services over time to better provide advertisements to you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We do not provide third party ad serving companies with your name, address, or telephone number. In the course of serving advertisements to the Services, third party ad serving companies may place or recognize a unique "cookie" through your browser (or use your advertising ID in an environment that does not support cookies). In addition, we may use web beacons, provided by third party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to our Services.  Please review the section below entitled "To Display and Target Advertisements" for more information on these technologies and your choices regarding ad targeting.

**_HOW DOES IBD USE YOUR INFORMATION?_**

We may use your information, including, any of your personal information, as follows:

**TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES**

IBD, our service providers, business partners, and other third parties use the information collected from the Services to provide the Services to you and other users.  This includes, without limitation, maintaining, measuring, and enhancing users' experiences on our Services, providing you with information, products or services, and fulfilling offers that you request from us, developing new products, understanding and resolving issues with the Services (e.g., a bug in an app), serving you relevant advertisements and content on the Services and third party services, and protecting you, other users, and the Services.   We will share your information to allow service providers and other third parties to assist in providing and managing the Services. We use your information to provide and improve the Services, for example, improving algorithms, determining usage patterns, and to provide customer support.  Please note that if you telephone us, or if we call you, the call may be recorded for quality, training, and/or management purposes; online interactions may be recorded for similar purposes. Financial information (such as a credit card number and expiration date) is used for billing purposes, including, without limitation, order tracking and fraud detection/prevention. If we have trouble processing an order, this information is used to get in touch with the user. By submitting such information, you agree that this information may be shared with third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of any purchase transaction initiated by you or on your behalf.

**TO DISPLAY AND TARGET ADVERTISEMENTS**

Your information is used to target ads and content on the Services and on third party services. Some advertisements and other content may be delivered by third party advertising networks and advertisers that may use cookies and similar technologies and identifiers to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests.  We may also provide certain customer information to service providers who will match your information to information (e.g., cookies) provided by other third parties) in order to allow us to provide more tailored advertisements. For more information about how advertisers use cookies and to understand your choice not to accept these cookies by "opting out," please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (" **NAI** ") website at: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>.  Additionally, you may "opt-out" from having third party online behavioral information collected by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's website at: <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> in desktop and mobile web browsers. You may download the AppChoices app at: [www.aboutads.info/appchoices](http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices) to "opt-out" in mobile apps. If you would like more information about the third party ad serving companies used by us or regarding your ability to "opt-out" of the use of cookies, please go to: [www.google.com/privacy/ads](http://www.google.com/privacy/ads); <http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html>; <https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy>;<http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html>; [www.criteo.com/privacy](http://www.criteo.com/privacy); and <http://inform.com/privacy-policy/>.

**TO CONTACT YOU**

We use your information to send information about your account or other products or services and notify you about issues with or changes to the Services or our policies.  We may also send you marketing or other promotional materials.  We may also send promotions jointly with Business Partners.  If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may opt-out, as described below in the section entitled "How Can I Change my Email Communication Preferences."  IBD will not send you marketing messages if you have opted out.

Please note, however, that you cannot opt-out of certain administrative communications and IBD reserves the right to send such transactional messages and business relationship messages via email to facilitate agreed upon transactions or update customers about existing business relationships. Such emails include, but are not limited to, welcome emails, transaction receipts, billing notification, renewal notices, notification of activation of online privileges, technical support responses, and other communications required to service customers' accounts on the Services and/or customers' subscriptions with IBD or its affiliates. Customers cannot unsubscribe from these email messages.  IBD, and its affiliates, also make various email series and one-time emails available to the recipients in our database to help them get the most value from our products and services. Such emails include, but are not limited to, newsletters, product updates, educational materials, surveys, special offers from IBD and/or its affiliates, as well as special offers sent on behalf of IBD's Business Partners (as defined below).  We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Users are not able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the Services.

We communicate with users to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.  You agree that IBD or our agents may email, call, or text you regarding your account or your transactions, including without limitation, using an automatic dialing/announcing device, and that we may make such calls or texts to a mobile telephone or other similar device. You agree we may listen to and record phone conversations you have with us for training purposes or to evaluate the quality of our service.

**TO AGGREGATE/ANONYMIZE DATA**

IBD may aggregate and/or anonymize any personal information collected through the Services for various purposes. Once aggregated or anonymized, the information will no longer be considered personal information because it will no longer be able to identify you and/or any of your devices used to access the Services. IBD may use such information for any purpose (e.g., research and development purposes), including sharing such information with third parties.

**FOR OTHER PURPOSES TO WHICH YOU HAVE CONSENTED**

Your information will also be used to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information or otherwise provide your consent for IBD and/or other third parties to use such information.

**_HOW DOES IBD ACCESS AND/OR SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?_**

IBD uses personal information obtained from its users as stated in this Privacy Policy and to enhance users' experiences on our Services. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to "opt-out" of having your personal information shared. Below are examples of how we share your information:

**_Authorized Service Providers:_**  We may share your personal information with service providers who perform certain services on our behalf. This could include service providers that perform research services, provide operational support, provide marketing platforms, fulfill orders, handle payments, handle shipping and delivery obligations, content creators, etc.

**_Business Partners and Affiliates:_**  When you make purchases, or engage in promotions offered through the Services, we may share personal information with the businesses and/or affiliates with whom we partner to offer you those products, services, and/or promotions (" **Business Partners** "). When you elect to engage in a partner's or affiliate's offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that partner and/or affiliate.

**_Educational Seminars, Webinars, and Live Events ("Events"):_**  IBD may collect and/or receive information about your registration and/or attendance at one of its Events. IBD may also collect and share your information for an Event offered in conjunction with its partners and sponsors, in which case you will be notified at the point of registration.

**_Payments:_**   Your payment information may be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction. We use a credit card processing company to assist in fulfilling your order(s), including, without limitation, to bill users for goods and services, performing card authorization and fraud checks, but this company does not retain, share, store or use your personal information for any secondary purposes.

**_Shipping/Delivery Services:_** In the event the Services will involve delivery of tangible products (e.g., our newspaper publication), your personal information including your name and address may be shared with third party shipping and delivery companies (e.g., common carriers) in order to fulfill your order(s).

**_Other access/sharing:_**   IBD may share, sell, or rent your name and physical address. However, we will not disclose your email address, phone, or fax numbers in our database without your advance permission. We may also share aggregate/anonymized information about your use of the Services.

**_HOW CAN I CHANGE MY E-MAIL COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES?_**

With the exception of the mandatory IBD transactional and business relationship emails mentioned above, recipients have an opportunity to update their email communication preferences on Investors.com. Customers may choose to "opt-in" or "opt-out" from any or all of these email communications at will.

**_To Unsubscribe:_**  Customers may unsubscribe from specific email categories by: (1) clicking the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of any email sent by IBD or its affiliates; (2) sending an email to IBD Customer Success at [askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/); or (3) calling IBD Customer Success at 1-800-831-2525 or outside the United States at +1-310-448-6600.

**_To Otherwise Manage Your Email Preferences:_**  To subscribe to or unsubscribe from any email category, customers may manage their email preferences by: (1) clicking the "My IBD" link on Investors.com and selecting "Update Email Preferences"; (2) sending an email to IBD Customer Success at [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/); or (3) calling IBD Customer Success at 1-800-831-2525 or outside the United States at +1-310-448-6600.

**_HOW CAN I CORRECT OR UPDATE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?_**

When you contact us via email or submit an online request, we may include the contact information you provide to us (e.g., your address, phone number, or email address) in your customer account profile. If your personal information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire to use our Services, you may correct, update, or remove your personal information provided to us. This can be done by logging in and clicking the "My IBD" link, then "Update Profile" on the Site or you may: (1) send an email to IBD Customer Success at [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/); or (2) call IBD Customer Success at 1-800-831-2525 or outside the United States at +1-310-448-6600.  See "Data Retention" below on more information on account cancellation.

**_HOW DOES IBD PROTECT MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?_**

**SECURITY MEASURES AND SAFEGUARDS**

The security of our users' information is very important to us. When users submit personal information via the Services, that information is protected by generally accepted industry standards, and in accordance with applicable data privacy laws, including both online and off-line security measures and safeguards. IBD uses a combination of administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures to safeguard personal information in its possession against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting IBD Customer Success in accordance with the instructions below.  However, please remember that no method of electronic storage or transmission over the internet is one-hundred percent secure and therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, and will comply with applicable data privacy laws, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.

**PHISHING**

Phishing is a term used to describe a type of internet scam in which inauthentic emails that appear to be coming from a legitimate source are sent in an attempt to trick you into providing confidential information. These emails usually invoke a sense of urgency and often imply that your account is about to be closed unless immediate action is taken. They will often ask you to click on a link that leads you to a webpage that simulates that of the legitimate source, but it is really a page specially designed to get you to input your confidential information such as account number, password, social security number, or credit card number. The thieves then use that information to commit fraud and identity theft against you.

The Office of the Comptroller of Currency has set up a website providing information warning consumers about the dangers of these scams and how to protect yourself. To learn more about phishing, please click on the following link: [www.occ.gov/consumer/phishing.htm](http://www.occ.gov/consumer/phishing.htm).

Please know that Investor's Business Daily takes the privacy of our subscribers very seriously. If you ever question the legitimacy of an email or other communication from IBD, please contact Customer Success at: 1-800-831-2525 or outside the United States at +1-310-448-6600. If you believe you have been the victim of a scam, you can file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission at: [www.consumer.gov/idtheft/](http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft/). If you have any additional questions about the security of our Services, you can contact us at [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/).

**_DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS  _**

At this time, IBD does not recognize or respond to browser's "Do Not Track" signals.

**_DATA RETENTION_**

We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for their collection as outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is either mandated by IBD's contractual requirements, internal policies, or otherwise required or allowed by law.  However, remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have posted or shared information with social media or other users or services.  Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible.  We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with Applicable Laws or our internal security policies.  It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial, or legal requirements. For example, if you request that IBD no longer send you emails, IBD would need your name and email address to ensure that you no longer receive emails from us. Where it is not possible to remove or delete all information, IBD shall continue to safeguard your information as detailed herein.

**_SENSITIVE INFORMATION_**

We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, criminal background information, sexual history or sexual orientation information, or trade union membership (" **Sensitive Information** ") and we ask that you do not disclose it on the Services.  However, if Sensitive Information is included in your posts on the Services, we will have access to such information described above and such information will be treated in the same way as information that is not sensitive.

**_CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS_**

Pursuant to California's " **Shine the Light** " law, California residents may opt-out of IBD's disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes. Note, however, opting out does not prohibit disclosures for non-marketing purposes. You may opt-out by: (1) sending an email to IBD Customer Success at: [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/); or (2) Calling IBD Customer Success at 1-800-831-2525 or outside the United States at +1-310-448-6600.

**_PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CHILDREN_**

The Services are for a general audience and are not targeted to children.  IBD and its affiliates do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If such a situation is discovered, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe IBD has any information from a child under the age of thirteen (13), please contact us at [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/).

If you are a California resident under 18 years of age and are a registered user of Investors.com, you have the right to request removal of content posted by you in the IBD Online Communities and Forums. To request removal, please email [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/) or call us at 800-831-2525 or outside the United States at +1-310-448-6600.

**_USING/ACCESSING OUR SERVICES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES_**

IBD is a California corporation with its headquarters located at 12655 Beatrice St., Los Angeles, California 90066, United States. Our Services are principally targeted at residents of the United States and our Services are governed by, and operated in accordance with, the laws of the United States. The United States is where the Services, including our servers and central database, are hosted, located, and operated. If you are accessing the Services from outside the United States, you will be voluntarily transmitting your personal information to the United States where your information will be stored and processed by IBD. There are obvious risks that apply when data are transferred from one jurisdiction to another (e.g., an unauthorized interception of the data, misuse, etc.) and the data protection and other laws of the United States and/or other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Additionally, in certain circumstances, law enforcement or regulatory agencies, courts, or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information.  **By using our Services, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States at our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.** Please be assured that we take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. For users of the Services that are residents of the European Union (" **EU** ") or the United Kingdom (" **UK** "), please [click here](https://www.investors.com/gdpr-agreement/investors-business-daily-european-data-privacy-addendum/) to review IBD's European Data Privacy Addendum, which details your rights under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (" **GDPR** ") and provides you with an explanation of how you may exercise your rights.

**_CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY/COMMUNICATING CHANGES_**

This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. All changes will be posted on the Site.  If the changes are significant we will notify you by email (at the last email we have on file for you) or by prominently posting a notice on our Services. Changes will become effective as of the earlier of the date we post the revised privacy policy, send an email detailing any changes, or post such a notice. While we will do our best to inform you of any changes, we encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you remain informed of changes that may have occurred, including changes that relate to what information we collect, how we use it, and how we share it. **By continuing to use the Services after a change has taken place, you are confirming that you have read and agree to the latest version of this Privacy Policy and expressly consent to the use of your personal information as detailed herein.**

** ** ** _LEGAL DISCLAIMER_**

Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose your personal information. We may share your information to provide information to our representatives, advisors, corporate affiliates, and business partners, and in the event of a sale, merger, public offering, bankruptcy or other change in control of IBD and/or its affiliates, your information may be shared with the person or business obtaining ownership and control.

Your information may be used to protect the rights, including legal rights, and safety of ourselves and others.  We may also use your information to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including, for billing and collection.  Furthermore, disclosure of personal information may be required by law where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process.  In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.

**_THIRD PARTY SERVICES_**

Other websites and services to which we link, through which you access the Services, or share information from the Services and which are not owned or controlled by us are not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other web sites or services and any visit you make to those other services is at your own risk.  Third parties that support the Services, including by providing advertising or other services, such as analytics, may use tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the Services or other third party services.  We do not control these third party technologies or services and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies.  Such third party's use of any information you share is governed by the third party's privacy policy.

**_IBD CONTACT INFORMATION_**

To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and/or our privacy practices, please visit: [www.askinvestorshelp.force.com/s/](https://askinvestorhelp.force.com/s/).
