> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the inventnow.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190320201848id_/http%3A//www.invent.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The National Inventors Hall of Fame

Camp Invention is a program of the National Inventors Hall of Fame. NIHF values its customers and all technically feasible steps are taken to protect their privacy. We believe that, as our online visitor, you have the right to know our practices regarding the information we collect when you visit our website, and what type of information is collected. In general, when you visit our website and access information, you remain anonymous. Personal information from visitors to our website is collected on a voluntary basis only and an explanation is provided as to its use at the time it is requested. This collected personal information is used to respond to online queries, supply requested information on NIHF products and services, establish approved links, and for internal market analysis. We do not share, sell or rent personal information to third parties without prior written consent.

Our web servers collect the domain names of visitors to our sites. This information is aggregated to determine the number of visits, average time spent on our website, the pages viewed by visitors, and other similar information. We use this information to measure website usage and to improve the content and value of our website. Some of our web pages may contain “cookies,” which send and store data on your web browser. This allows our server to recognize you and better serve you when you visit our website in the future. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.

This website may contain links to other third-party sites. We take steps to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. However, we are not responsible for the privacy standards and practices of third parties. NIHF strives to keep online visitor information secure against unauthorized access and use. We may update this policy from time to time and revisions will be posted to this website.

NIHF has designed this site for parents and adult caregivers, not children. For that reason, NIHF does not knowingly collect personal information from children who may visit this site. Children under the age of 13 who submit personally identifiable information to NIHF should only do so with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, NIHF will instruct children not to submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information is removed, you may do so by contacting the Operations Manager at NIHF and reasonable efforts will be used to comply with your request.
