> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the invitrogen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080620200620id_/http%3A//www.invitrogen.com/site/us/en/home/Global/Privacy-Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**How we collect information about you:  
** When you register with Invitrogen via this Site, you will be asked to provide basic contact information ( _e.g_., name, organization, address, phone number, e-mail address, fax number, and so on). On this Site, for example, we may collect and retain contact and other information from you in a number of ways, such as when you place an order, request e-mail updates or other information, complete customer surveys, submit a feedback or contact form, or provide a resume. If any third parties provide information to us about you, we may combine that information with other information we have about you, and if and to the extent we do, we will treat such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

This Site collects various information from you in the course of your navigation of the Site, such as the URL of the site you just came from, the browser version you use, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, IP ports, date/time, size of data transferred, pages you visit, and other “clickstream” data. We are typically not able to relate such data to you as an individual if you merely browse our Site and do not disclose your identity to us, e.g., in connection with a registration. Invitrogen also uses "cookies" to enhance your Site visit. A “cookie” is information either temporarily or permanently stored in a file on your computer. You can set your internet browser to reject cookies (refer to your internet browser instructions if you wish to do so), but that may limit your use of some convenience features at this Site.

 **How we use information about you:**  
Invitrogen uses information collected by clickstream data collection and cookies to store your preferences, improve web site navigation, make personalized features and other services available to you, compile and analyze aggregate statistics and trends, and otherwise help administer and improve the Site. Where you provide registration information, cookies can also be used to identify you when you log onto the Site or portions of the Site.

Except as otherwise stated, Invitrogen may use information it collects from you and others to respond to your request, improve the content, services, and products that Invitrogen provides, customize this Site to your preferences, communicate information to you (where you have not expressed a preference otherwise), for our marketing and research analysis, and for other purposes identified to you. Some marketing and research analysis is conducted by third parties providing data collection and analysis services under contract with Invitrogen, utilizing anonymous data collected from cookies. As noted above, you can reject such cookies by following your browser’s instructions. Invitrogen reserves the right to make full use of information that is not in personally identifiable form.

From time to time, Invitrogen uses contact information obtained via this Site to send e-mail and postal mail supplying customers with the most recent product and service information. If you order products or services via our Site, Invitrogen may contact you by e-mail to send you information about your order ( _e.g._ , order confirmations, shipment notifications, etc.). Invitrogen may also contact Site visitors via e-mail regarding their account status, and about changes to any relevant agreements or policies.

In connection with our iRewards Program and/or other promotions, we use the information you submit to maintain your account, measure the benefits for our business and pursue other legitimate business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy and in the terms and conditions (where applicable) for the program or promotion.  
 **  
How information may be disclosed and how it is protected:**  
Invitrogen does not provide the personally identifiable information you supply to us to outside mailing lists. Invitrogen may share information about you with Invitrogen's affiliates, successors, and agents/representatives (for example, consultants), which are required to treat the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Invitrogen takes reasonable steps to safeguard the information you provide to us. For example, all web pages transmitting personal or financial information are encrypted from your client PC to our servers (which are located in the United States to the extent data on Canadian registered website visitors is concerned) using the standard known as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). Beyond the SSL barrier your data is protected once it reaches our network through the use of secure multi-tiered firewalls. Portions of your data may also be encrypted on our storage server for additional security. We may disclose personally identifiable information that you provide via this site to respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, regulations, or court orders. Furthermore, we may disclose information provided by you in connection with corporate restructuring, sale or assignment of assets, merger, divestiture, and other changes of control or financial status, in which case we will require the recipient to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Because no system is 100% secure or error-free despite taking commercially reasonable steps, Invitrogen and its affiliates do not promise, and you should not expect, that information you provide to Invitrogen shall remain private under all circumstances. It is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features associated with your use of the Site.

 **Opting out:**  
If you do not wish to receive certain communications from Invitrogen, or our affiliates or representatives, you may opt out by: (1) declining the service offered when registering or at other information collection points on the Site, or (2) informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications. We will comply with such requests unless such communications are required by law or do not require your consent under applicable laws. If you opt out of certain communications, you may not be able to access certain Invitrogen products or services. If you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from affiliates or other third parties with whom we shared data in accordance with this policy, please contact such third parties directly.

 **Access to information you provide:**  
You may at any time request access to a summary of your personal information held by Invitrogen, and request corrections or updates to that information. Invitrogen will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly to such requests, but reserves the right to limit such requests to two per year per individual. Further, our response to such requests may be limited to information under our direct control.

 **Other web sites:**  
This Site contains links to the web sites of other organizations. Invitrogen is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites, and unless otherwise specified, does not imply any relationship, sponsorship, or affiliation between Invitrogen and these linked sites, or adoption or approval of the content of such sites.

 **How to contact us:**  
For any requests or questions related to this Privacy Policy, or if you have concerns about how information you provide to Invitrogen is being used, please contact us at the following address: [dmresponse@invitrogen.com.](mailto:dmresponse@invitrogen.com)  
This Privacy Policy is effective February 10, 2006. 
