> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gta-travel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160514104650id_/http%3A//www.gta-travel.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Although the main purpose of this Site is to provide information about our company and no services or products are provided or sold directly via this Site, we may collect and process some personal data and information about the visitors to our Site and use such information as described in this section (“Privacy Policy”).

By accessing, visiting, and using this Site you agree with the provisions of this section and to collection, processing, transfer, store, or disclosure by us of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

  * Information provided in your correspondence to us. If you contact us, including but not limited, in relation to business cooperation, advertising, recruitment or otherwise, we keep a record of such correspondence and save information provided to us in such correspondence in order to be able to communicate with you.
  * Information provided by you in surveys. We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research and statistics purposes. Again provision of such information is voluntary, and you do not have to respond to our surveys.
  * Information provided by you for our marketing purposes. We may use mailing lists to inform you about our company, our products and services. Subscribing to such mailing list is voluntary and you may unsubscribe from such lists at any time.
  * Information about your visits to our Site. We may use details of your visits to our Site and of the particular sections or materials on our Site that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data. This information does not identify any individual visitor and we collect it in order to monitor statistics of visitors to our Site and particular sections visitors and to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
  * IP addresses and cookies: A cookie is generated by a software application on a website's server which enables it to customise services to the interests of the user by tracking the user's navigation through a small text file on the user's hard drive.  We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration or other similar technical purposes. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and is used by us to improve our site, estimate our audience size and usage pattern.  This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics also uses cookies. Anonymous data (including the Users IP address) about the use of the website is transmitted to and stored on a Google server. Google uses this information to prepare reports for Kuoni about website activity. By using the website, the User consents to Google processing the data recorded about him/her. More about how Google Analytics protects data at: <http://www.google.com/intl/de_ALL/privacy.html.>



All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via Internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site, and any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

**Your rights**
    

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data in any way described above. You can exercise this right at any time by using the [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/en/system/contact) form.

You have the right to access any personal information we have obtained from you through our Site. We will make any changes to that information at you request. Any such requests should be made on the [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/en/system/contact) form. We do not assume any responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the content of any personal data.

**Disclosure of Information**
    

We may disclose your information to companies and individuals we employ or contract with to perform various functions necessary for carrying out and developing our business including, but not limited to data analysis and processing, delivery and management of marketing communications, and other related customer and support services. Such companies and individuals may be located outside the European Economic Area.

We may also disclose your information to any member of the Kuoni group, which means all direct or indirect subsidiaries of Kuoni Travel Holding Limited.

In addition, we may disclose and/or transfer your personal information to third parties (i) in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or (ii) if any Kuoni group company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party; or (iii) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, its customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies, governmental agencies and organisations for the purposes of crime prevention and investigation.

By accessing, visiting and using this Site and submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Privacy policy on other sites**
    

Our Site may contain links to on-line portals intended for use by our suppliers and customers and to websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
