> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tinybeans.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160305192531id_/https%3A//tinybeans.com/site/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Tinybeans

Welcome to the Tinybeans App and Tinybeans.com website (collectively referred to as the “Service”). The Service is provided to you by Tinybeans USA Ltd. or our affiliates (referred to herein as “we”, “us”, “our”, “Tinybeans”). **This policy provides you with details on the information we collect from you and the uses we make of your personal information. If you do not want us accessing and/or using your personal information as described herein, please do not provide us with any. This policy may be updated from time to time without prior notice, so please check back periodically. If you continue to use or access the Service made available to you after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.**

We encourage you to read this policy to learn more about what information of yours we collect, how we use it, and how you can “opt-out” of certain communications and uses of your data. Additionally, this policy includes information about how we endeavor to protect your data. If you have any questions about our collection and use of your information, please contact us at [info@tinybeans.com](mailto:info@tinybeans.com).

## 1\. **Information Collection**

(a). **Personally Identifiable Information**. When you create an account for our Service, we may collect personally identifiable information, including without limitation your name, address, phone number, date of birth, photos, credit card information, or e-mail address (“PII”) and other such information that you choose to provide us. We do not collect any PII unless you voluntarily share that information with us. For example, you may choose to send us PII about yourself in an email, when registering for the Service or uploading content to the Service, by completing an online contact request form on the Service, or by purchasing a product or subscribing to a premium subscription. We use this information to contact you to respond to your inquiry and as otherwise permitted by this privacy policy. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. You may also choose to, in a manner consistent with our Terms and Conditions, share information about your children or other family members including the name, birthdate, gender, weight, height, personal milestones, and other such information about those persons. When you choose to share your PII or the PII of your family members with other users of the Service (e.g., by inviting your friends, family members, or other users to see and interact with your journals etc.), you agree that they may view or otherwise access the PII that you share with them and acknowledge that we cannot control and/or be liable for how they may use that information.

(b). **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** Our Service may collect certain non-personally identifiable Information (“Non-PII”), including without limitation your IP type, IP host address, ISP address, cookie IDs and segment IDs associated with cookie IDs, pages viewed and/or search terms entered, browser type, operating system, duration and frequency of visits, anonymous usage statistics including frequency of messaging and interaction with other users, clickstream data other log file data, or social analytics and tracking measurements that do not identify any individual. On mobile devices, we may also collect device type, make and model, operating system, carrier, user ID, similar device IDs, and information about the Services you use. Please note that we may use third party service providers to help operate and provide services in connection with our Service and these third party service providers may collect Non-PII from our Service as well.

## 2\. **Information Usage**

(a). **Personally Identifiable Information**. We may use the PII, as provided by you through the Service, to contact and correspond with you and/or to respond to your inquiries, as well as for our other business purposes such as adding you to our marketing lists. We may also share or permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your personal information to help us provide the Service to you including payment processers, your credit card issuer, a third-party credit verification company, the product handler and the delivery service, data storage facilities, and other companies that help us provide the Service.

WE WILL NOT SELL, SHARE OR TRADE THE PII YOU SUBMIT TO ANY UNRELATED THIRD PARTIES, MASS MARKETERS, OR TO OTHER NON-AFFILIATED ENTITIES FOR THEIR MARKETING PURPOSES WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT. Your PII will not be visible to other users of the Service unless you provide them with access to it. We may disclose your information, including your PII, to third parties who are providing services on our behalf, as well as when we reasonably believe we are obligated to do so by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, or to enforce our legal rights, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property. In the event another company acquires all or most of our assets, all data compiled or owned by us may be among the items transferred in that transaction. In such event, all the data will continue to be governed by this privacy policy. Finally, please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your PII, we may use your PII in manner consistent with that consent.

(b). **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** We use the Non-PII we collected through the Service for a variety of purposes, including to analyze interactions with and performance of the Service, and to enable us to improve our Services and the Tinybeans platform. We may also use Non-PII data from third parties (such as data vendors) pursuant to their own privacy policies, and provide access to or share Non-PII with any number of third parties and our business partners, affiliates and advertising clients. Similarly, we may enhance the Non-PII collected via our Service with Non-PII collected from our business partners.

You may have certain rights under the Communications Act, Federal Trade Commission Act, and other state and federal statutes that may apply, and by accepting these terms and using the Service, you are waiving all of these rights as to collection, use, disclosure and storage of your PII and Non-PII collected by us.

## 3\. **Cookies and Similar Technologies**

A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored by your computer. We, our business partners and advertisers may use cookies (or clear gifs, web beacons or similar devices, including devices that function in the mobile environment) to collect information from users for purposes such as tracking Service visits and to measure visitor patterns.

This information is not personally identifiable and is used only to improve the Service and enhance your experience. Cookies are not used to retrieve PII from your computer or device, or to retrieve other information from your computer or device for purposes that are unrelated to the Service or your interaction with the Service. We reserve the right to disclose or utilize any of this information in aggregate form, for any purpose, in our sole judgment. Third party advertisers that serve ads on the Service may also use their own cookies.

You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Note that this may cause some features of the Service to work incorrectly. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications.  However, on many mobile devices, applications users may opt out of certain mobile tracking activities via their device settings.

## 4\. **Interest Based Advertising**

Advertisements for our products and Service may appear on third party websites around the Internet. Some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online. For example, if you have viewed websites about parenting, these websites or services may display to you an advertisement for our Service. This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. It is generally not based upon your personal information, but rather, upon your online activities.

We do not control such third party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. However, you may opt-out of being tracked online by certain companies by visiting <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> and <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. If you opt-out, you will still receive advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. This process relies upon an opt-out cookie, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process.

## 5\. **Clickstream**

As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Service. We may collect and/or use clickstream data to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of the Service, how visitors navigate throughout the Service and how the Service may be better tailored to meet the needs of visitors. This information will be used to improve the Service and services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous, and will not intentionally contain any PII.

## 6\. **Security**

We have undertaken and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized Internet access to user data retained in our servers. To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we adhere to industry standard practices and procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online, and you assume this risk by using the Service. We may aggregate Non-PII data and retain it for analytical purposes. We may retain your PII, if provided by you through the Service, for as long as your inquiry is active (as determined by us) and for a reasonable time thereafter, or if applicable, for as long as you remain on our marketing list. We also may retain your PII for a longer period of time as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your PII, we may continue to retain and use aggregate, anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize and aggregate your personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties, including third party host providers.

## 7\. **Links to Third Party Services and Social Media Platforms**

The Service or advertisements we may place may contain links to other websites or applications. Other websites or applications may also reference or link to our Service. Some of our third-party website or technology partners may place their own cookies and/or other data collection tools on your Internet browser; however, we have no access to or control over these cookies and/or other data collection tools. These other domains, websites and/or Services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.

Our Service may also contain links to social media platforms, and you may be given the choice of connecting to one or more social media platforms from this Service. If you choose to do so, then depending upon your social media privacy settings, the personal information that you post, transmit, or otherwise make available on the social media platform may be viewed and/or used by others and we will have no control over such viewing and use. We do not control and are not responsible for any use of your information by or through any of the social media platforms. By linking to any social media platform, you will be assuming the risk that the information you provide on that platform may be viewed and/or used by third parties for any purposes and agree that we have no control or responsibility for such third party viewing and uses.

## 8\. **Information Relating to Children**

Our Service is designed for those 18 years of age and older. This Service is not intended for, and we do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 18. If we are made aware that we have received such information, or any information in violation of our policy, we will use reasonable efforts to locate and remove that information from our records.

## 9\. **Policy Modifications**

We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use any data in a way that materially differs from this policy, we will post such changes here. We encourage you to periodically review the Service for the latest information on our privacy practices.

## 10\. **Terms and Conditions**

Use of this Service is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained at the Terms and Conditions available at <https://tinybeans.com/site/terms/>. Your use, or access, of the Service constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions.

## 11\. **Opt-Out**

By providing your email address to us, you expressly consent to receive email from us. To the extent you have provided us with such contact information, we may contact you by email, telephone or otherwise to verify your account, and for informational, application functionality and operational purposes (provided that we will not give your email address or mobile number to another party to promote their products or services directly to you). If you receive an email from us, you may unsubscribe from future unsolicited emails through a link, typically at the bottom of the e-mail.

If you have consented to have your PII shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes and you no longer wish to have your PII shared with such parties, then you may opt-out of such disclosures by sending an email to [info@tinybeans.com](mailto:info@tinybeans.com). However, we are not responsible for removing your PII from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this privacy policy or your separate consent.

On most devices, App users may opt out of mobile communications via their device settings. You may also stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. In addition, you may request that we delete your PII by emailing your request to [info@tinybeans.com](mailto:info@tinybeans.com) and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Please note that we do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. However, if you do not want to receive targeted advertisements, then you can opt-out of being tracked by our vendors. For more information about how to opt-out of such tracking, please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices> and <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> or similar sites. Opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean that you no longer will see any advertisements; rather, you will still see advertisements that are general and not tailored to your specific interests and activities.

Please note that there might be a brief delay between when you submit your request to “opt-out” and when it is processed and reflected in our systems; accordingly you may continue to receive communications from us for a limited time after you unsubscribe. We appreciate your patience.

## 12\. **Comments and Questions**

We use reasonable processes to ensure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verify that the policy is accurate. We encourage you to raise any concerns using the contact information provided below, and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of information. You may also request access to your PII (if you have provided PII to us through the Service) and information about our collection, use and disclosure of that information by using the contact information provided below. Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, entitlement to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information, and the ability to have it amended as is appropriate. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.

Via Email: [info@tinybeans.com](mailto:info@tinybeans.com)

Via Regular Mail:

228 Park Ave South #58207, New York, NY, 10003

## 13\. **Governing Law**

**This Privacy Policy and our legal obligations hereunder are subject to the laws of New York, U.S.A., regardless of your location. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in Manhattan in the State of New York, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Service.**

## 14\. **United States of America**

The Service is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Service, you authorize the export of your information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this policy.

**Effective Date:** This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on April 15, 2015.
